total number of articles searched: 1236.
objectives: ['to assess the benefits of outpatient treatment options for covid-19', 'to assess the harms of outpatient treatment options for covid-19', 'to evaluate 22 different covid-19 treatments'].
remdesivir alone or in combination with monoclonal antibodies as an early treatment to prevent severe covid-19 in patients with mild/moderate disease at high risk of progression: a single centre, real-life study.
real-world effectiveness of sars-cov-2 vaccine booster in hemodialysis patients with covid-19 receiving molnupiravir.
safety and efficacy of outpatient treatments for covid-19: real-life data from a regionwide cohort of high-risk patients in tuscany, italy (the federate cohort).
short-term effectiveness of oral nirmatrelvir/ritonavir against the sars-cov-2 omicron variant and culture-positive viral shedding.
molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir: tolerability, safety, and adherence in a retrospective cohort study.
tixagevimab and cilgavimab (evusheld™) prophylaxis prevents breakthrough covid-19 infections in immunosuppressed population: 6-month prospective study.
outcomes with and without outpatient sars-cov-2 treatment for patients with covid-19 and systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases: a retrospective cohort study.
real-world experience of tixagevimab-cilgavimab pre-exposure prophylaxis in orthotopic heart transplant recipients.
effectiveness of nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir treatment for patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia during the omicron surge.
clinical efficacy and safety of molnupiravir for nonhospitalized and hospitalized patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
how to use covid-19 antiviral drugs in patients with chronic kidney disease.
the effect of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir on viral clearance and length of hospital stay in patients infected with sars-cov-2 omicron variants.
efficacy and safety of inhaled ethanol in early-stage sars-cov-2 infection in older adults: a phase ii randomized clinical trial.
real-world clinical outcomes of molnupiravir for the treatment of mild to moderate covid-19 in adult patients during the dominance of the omicron variant: a meta-analysis.
liver injury in favipiravir-treated covid-19 patients: retrospective single-center cohort study.
monoclonal antibody therapy for covid-19: a retrospective observational study at a regional hospital.
a phase 2/3 study of s-217622 in participants with sars-cov-2 infection (phase 3 part).
favipiravir in the treatment of outpatient covid-19: a multicenter, randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
dexamethasone mitigates remdesivir-induced liver toxicity in human primary hepatocytes and covid-19 patients.
anakinra-an interleukin-1 receptor antagonist for covid-19.
effect of convalescent plasma transfusion on outcomes of coronavirus disease 2019: a meta-analysis with trial sequential analysis.
coronavirus disease 2019 convalescent plasma outpatient therapy to prevent outpatient hospitalization: a meta-analysis of individual participant data from 5 randomized trials.
effect of higher-dose ivermectin for 6 days vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
pharmacometrics of high-dose ivermectin in early covid-19 from an open label, randomized, controlled adaptive platform trial (platcov).
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir on covid-19-associated hospitalization prevention: a population-based cohort study in the province of québec, canada.
pan-american guidelines for the treatment of sars-cov-2/covid-19: a joint evidence-based guideline of the brazilian society of infectious diseases (sbi) and the pan-american association of infectious diseases (api).
efficacy and safety of favipiravir in treating covid-19 patients: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
characteristics and outcomes of covid-19 patients presumed to be treated with sotrovimab in nhs hospitals in england.
corticosteroids and outcomes in solid organ transplant recipients infected with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2.
convalescent plasma therapy for coronavirus disease 2019 in ambulatory versus hospitalized patients: efficacy and risk of thromboembolism.
effectiveness of favipiravir monotherapy in the treatment of covid-19: real world data analysis from thailand.
population-based evaluation of the effectiveness of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir for reducing hospital admissions and mortality from covid-19.
real-world use of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in outpatients with covid-19 during the era of omicron variants including ba.4 and ba.5 in colorado, usa: a retrospective cohort study.
covid-19 symptom-onset to diagnosis and diagnosis to treatment intervals are significant predictors of disease progression and hospitalization in high-risk patients: a real world analysis.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir, nirmatrelvir-ritonavir, and sotrovimab on preventing hospital admission among higher-risk patients with covid-19 in wales: a retrospective cohort study.
an overview on the treatments and prevention against covid-19.
the role of age and comorbidities on the outcome of confirmed clinically critical covid-19 patients treated with remdesivir at indonesia's national referral hospital.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir among covid-19 community, highly vaccinated patients with high risk for severe disease: evidence that both antivirals reduce the risk for disease progression and death.
pharmacovigilance follow-up of patients in the context of the covid-19 pandemic.
in high-risk outpatients with covid-19, neither colchicine nor aspirin reduced disease progression or death at 45 d.
convalescent plasma (hyperimmune immunoglobulin) for covid-19 management: an update.
safety, virology, pharmacokinetics, and clinical experience of high-dose intravenous sotrovimab for the treatment of mild to moderate covid-19: an open-label clinical trial.
<i>in silico</i> study of coumarins: wedelolactone as a potential inhibitor of the spike protein of the sars-cov-2 variants.
safety and efficacy of glucocorticoids in the treatment of covid-19: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
host immunological responses facilitate development of sars-cov-2 mutations in patients receiving monoclonal antibody treatments.
symptom duration and resolution with early outpatient treatment of convalescent plasma for coronavirus disease 2019: a randomized trial.
effect of colchicine and aspirin given together in patients with moderate covid-19.
efficacy and safety of regdanvimab in patients with mild to moderate covid-19: a rapid review and meta-analysis.
subcutaneous regen-cov antibody administration in a community pharmacy.
the benefits of molnupiravir treatment in healthcare facilities patients with covid-19.
characteristics and outcomes of us veterans at least 65 years of age at high risk of severe sars-cov-2 infection with or without receipt of oral antiviral agents.
safety and efficacy of paxlovid against omicron variants of coronavirus disease 2019 in elderly patients.
remdesivir for the treatment of covid-19.
safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of half-life extended severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 neutralizing monoclonal antibodies azd7442 (tixagevimab-cilgavimab) in healthy adults.
early treatment with monoclonal antibodies or convalescent plasma reduces mortality in non-vaccinated covid-19 high-risk patients.
impact of early sars-cov-2 antiviral therapy on disease progression.
tixagevimab/cilgavimab in sars-cov-2 prophylaxis and therapy: a comprehensive review of clinical experience.
comparative effectiveness of paxlovid versus sotrovimab and molnupiravir for preventing severe covid-19 outcomes in non-hospitalised patients: observational cohort study using the opensafely platform.
efficacy and safety of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in covid-19 management: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
nirmatrelvir-ritonavir therapy and covid-19 vaccination improve clinical outcomes of sars-cov-2 omicron variant infection.
molnupiravir for the treatment of covid-19 in immunocompromised participants: efficacy, safety, and virology results from the phase 3 randomized, placebo-controlled move-out trial.
timing of corticosteroids in non-severe non-hospitalized covid-19 patients: open-label, two-center, randomized controlled study (tics-cov19 study).
colchicine and risk of hospitalization due to covid-19: a population-based study.
effect of fluvoxamine vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
real-world effectiveness of tixagevimab and cilgavimab (evusheld) in patients with hematological malignancies.
real-world effectiveness of sotrovimab for the early treatment of covid-19 during sars-cov-2 delta and omicron waves in the usa.
experience of the united arab emirates in the use of monoclonal antibody drug sotrovimab in high-risk vaccinated and unvaccinated patients with covid-19: an observational cohort study.
antiviral treatment in covid-19 outpatients: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
reduction in the rate of mortality of moderate to severe covid 19 infected patients with the use of remdesivir - a tertiary care hospital-based retrospective observational study.
effectiveness of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir against hospital admission or death: a cohort study in a large us healthcare system.
the effectiveness of paxlovid treatment in long-term care facilities in south korea during the outbreak of the omicron variant of sars-cov-2.
the 'myth of hydroxychloroquine (hcq) as post-exposure prophylaxis (pep) for the prevention of covid-19' is far from reality.
nirmatrelvir and covid-19: development, pharmacokinetics, clinical efficacy, resistance, relapse, and pharmacoeconomics.
real-world effectiveness of sotrovimab and remdesivir for early treatment of high-risk hospitalized covid-19 patients: a propensity score adjusted retrospective cohort study.
hydroxychloroquine for treatment of non-hospitalized adults with covid-19: a meta-analysis of individual participant data of randomized trials.
an open label randomized controlled trial of ivermectin plus favipiravir-based standard of care <i>versus</i> favipiravir-based standard of care for treatment of moderate covid-19 in thailand.
remdesivir improves biomarkers associated with disease severity in covid-19 patients treated in an outpatient setting.
recent changes in the mutational dynamics of the sars-cov-2 main protease substantiate the danger of emerging resistance to antiviral drugs.
population-level strategies for nirmatrelvir/ritonavir prescribing-a cost-effectiveness analysis.
time to negative pcr conversion amongst high-risk patients with mild-to-moderate omicron ba.1 and ba.2 covid-19 treated with sotrovimab or nirmatrelvir.
post-covid depression and its multiple factors, does favipiravir have a protective effect? a longitudinal study of indonesia covid-19 patients.
dual effects of nv-cov-2 biomimetic polymer: an antiviral regimen against covid-19.
the efficacy of neutralizing monoclonal antibodies in transplant recipients with mild-to-moderate covid-19.
effectiveness of sotrovimab in preventing covid-19-related hospitalizations or deaths among u.s. veterans.
lopinavir/ritonavir for treatment of non-hospitalized patients with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
vv116 versus nirmatrelvir-ritonavir for oral treatment of covid-19.
oral antivirals against sars-cov-2 in multiple myeloma outpatients: a case series.
comparison of the effects of plasmapheresis, hemoperfusion, and convalescent plasma therapy on inflammatory factors in covid-19 patients.
molnupiravir plus usual care versus usual care alone as early treatment for adults with covid-19 at increased risk of adverse outcomes (panoramic): an open-label, platform-adaptive randomised controlled trial.
effectiveness of casirivimab-imdevimab and sotrovimab monoclonal antibody treatment among high-risk patients with sars-cov-2 infection: a real-world experience.
the course of covid-19 in patients with systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases.
oral gs-441524 derivatives: next-generation inhibitors of sars-cov-2 rna-dependent rna polymerase.
efficacy and safety of tixagevimab/cilgavimab to prevent covid-19 (pre-exposure prophylaxis): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
outpatient treatment of covid-19 with metformin, ivermectin, and fluvoxamine and the development of long covid over 10-month follow-up.
antiviral treatments lead to the rapid accrual of hundreds of sars-cov-2 mutations in immunocompromised patients.
the use of mebendazole in covid-19 patients: an observational retrospective single center study.
effectiveness of corticosteroids to treat coronavirus disease 2019 symptoms: a meta-analysis.
sotrovimab therapy in solid organ transplant recipients with mild to moderate covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety profile of corticosteroids and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in covid-19 management: a narrative review.
efficacy and safety of molnupiravir in mild covid-19 patients in india.
impact of fluvoxamine on outpatient treatment of covid-19 in honduras in a prospective observational real-world study.
nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir in covid-19: a profile of its use.
covid-19 convalescent plasma outpatient therapy to prevent outpatient hospitalization: a meta-analysis of individual participant data from five randomized trials.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir use with tacrolimus in lung transplant recipients: a single-center case series.
oral antiviral treatment for covid-19 in patients with systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases.
hospital at home treatment with remdesivir for patients with covid-19: real-life experience.
effectiveness of covid-19 treatment with nirmatrelvir-ritonavir or molnupiravir among u.s. veterans: target trial emulation studies with one-month and six-month outcomes.
factors associated with the speed and scope of diffusion of covid-19 therapeutics in a nationwide healthcare setting: a mixed-methods investigation.
a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, phase ii clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of camostat mesylate (dwj1248) in adult patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
effect of ivermectin 600 μg/kg for 6 days vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
treatment options for patients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 in korea.
the preclinical discovery and development of molnupiravir for the treatment of sars-cov-2 (covid-19).
use of remdesivir for covid-19 in patients with hematologic cancer.
nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir for early covid-19 in a large u.s. health system : a population-based cohort study.
corticosteroids use for covid-19: an overview of systematic reviews.
ivermectin compared with placebo in the clinical course in mexican patients with asymptomatic and mild covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
clinical outcomes after use of inhaled corticosteroids or oral steroids in a covid-19 telemedicine clinic cohort: retrospective chart review.
hydroxychloroquine for treatment of covid-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy and safety of ensitrelvir in patients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019: the phase 2b part of a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2/3 study.
study of different local treatments of post covid-19 smell dysfunction.
real-world clinical outcomes of treatment with molnupiravir for patients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 during the omicron variant pandemic.
increased reporting of venous and arterial thromboembolic events reported with tixagevimab-cilgavimab for coronavirus disease 2019.
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab and molnupiravir for preventing severe covid-19 outcomes in non-hospitalised patients on kidney replacement therapy: observational cohort study using the opensafely-ukrr linked platform and srr database.
the clinical effectiveness of regen-cov in sars-cov-2 infection with omicron versus delta variants.
paxlovid associated with decreased hospitalization rate among adults with covid-19 - united states, april-september 2022.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir prescription rate and outcomes in coronavirus disease 2019: a single center study.
<p>estimated impact of oral nirmatrelvir.
characteristics and outcomes of patients with covid-19 at high-risk of disease progression receiving sotrovimab, oral antivirals or no treatment in england.
efficacy and safety of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir, molnupiravir, and remdesivir in a real-world cohort of outpatients with covid-19 at high risk of progression: the pisa outpatient clinic experience.
outpatient treatment of confirmed covid-19: a living, rapid review for the american college of physicians.
covid-19 infection in rheumatic patients on chronic antimalarial drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
characterisation of sars-cov-2 genomic variation in response to molnupiravir treatment in the agile phase iia clinical trial.
population pharmacokinetics and exposure-response analysis of sotrovimab in the early treatment of covid-19.
early access to oral antivirals in high-risk outpatients: good weapons to fight covid-19.
outcomes of high-risk adult outpatients with haematological malignancies treated with early remdesivir therapy during the sars-cov-2 omicron era: experiences from the national centre of hungary.
exploratory data on the clinical efficacy of monoclonal antibodies against sars-cov-2 omicron variant of concern.
long-term respiratory outcomes after covid-19: a brazilian cohort study.
nucleoside analogs for management of respiratory virus infections: mechanism of action and clinical efficacy.
psychotropic drug repurposing for covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effect of favipiravir on liver enzyme among patients with mild to moderate covid-19 infection: a prospective cohort study.
metformin is associated with reduced covid-19 severity in patients with prediabetes.
paxlovid administration in elderly patient with covid-19 caused by omicron ba.2.0: a case report.
early antiviral and supervisory dexamethasone treatment improve clinical outcomes of nonsevere covid-19 patients.
gene set proximity analysis: expanding gene set enrichment analysis through learned geometric embeddings, with drug-repurposing applications in covid-19.
diabetes medications and associations with covid-19 outcomes in the n3c database: a national retrospective cohort study.
systemic corticosteroids for the treatment of covid-19: equity-related analyses and update on evidence.
effectiveness of the available early therapies in reducing severe covid-19 in non-hospitalized patients with solid tumors on active treatment.
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab and molnupiravir for prevention of severe covid-19 outcomes in patients in the community: observational cohort study with the opensafely platform.
acute hypersensitivity reaction after casirivimab/imdevimab infusion in a covid-19-positive young male: myopericarditis or kounis syndrome?.
efficacy of colchicine in patients with moderate covid-19: a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
early treatment with fluvoxamine among patients with covid-19: a cost-consequence model.
characteristics of ivermectin toxicity in patients taking veterinary and human formulations for the prevention and treatment of covid-19.
monoclonal antibodies for treatment of sars-cov-2 infection during pregnancy : a cohort study.
the paxlovid rebound study: a prospective cohort study to evaluate viral and symptom rebound differences between paxlovid and untreated covid-19 participants.
safety profile of the lopinavir/ritonavir combination before and during the sars-cov-2 pandemic.
home and out-of-hospital therapy with covid-19 convalescent plasma in europe.
early adoption of anti-sars-cov-2 pharmacotherapies among us veterans with mild to moderate covid-19, january and february 2022.
a comprehensive review on the efficacy of several pharmacologic agents for the treatment of covid-19.
prognostic comparison of covid-19 outpatients and inpatients treated with remdesivr: a retrospective cohort study.
convalescent plasma treatment for sars-cov-2 infected high-risk patients: a matched pair analysis to the leoss cohort.
systematic review of the clinical effectiveness of tixagevimab/cilgavimab for prophylaxis of covid-19 in immunocompromised patients.
nirmatrelvir and the risk of post-acute sequelae of covid-19.
safety and efficacy of four drug regimens versus standard-of-care for the treatment of symptomatic outpatients with covid-19: a randomised, open-label, multi-arm, phase 2 clinical trial.
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir use for covid-19: a population-based cohort study in ontario, canada.
remdesivir treatment for patients with moderate to severe covid-19.
disease progression of hospitalized elderly patients with omicron ba.2 treated with molnupiravir.
effect of antidiabetic therapy on clinical outcomes of covid-19 patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effect of nitazoxanide on the clinical outcomes in patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
fluvoxamine for outpatient treatment of covid-19: a decentralized, placebo-controlled, randomized, platform clinical trial.
molnupiravir as an early treatment for covid-19: a real life study.
molnupiravir when used alone seems to be safe and effective as outpatient covid-19 therapy for hemodialyzed patients and kidney transplant recipients.
early outpatient treatment of covid-19: a retrospective analysis of 392 cases in italy.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and molnupiravir in the treatment of mild/moderate covid-19: results of a real-life study.
[pharmacoepidemiological research of covid-19 in the russian federation egida-2020].
early outpatient treatment with remdesivir in patients at high risk for severe covid-19: a prospective cohort study.
[efficacy and safety of regdanvimab in patients with mild/moderate covid-19 and high risk of progression of the disease: a retrospective study in a short-term stay unit].
favipiravir in early symptomatic covid-19, a randomised placebo-controlled trial.
within-trial economic analysis of resource use from comet-ice: a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating sotrovimab for the treatment of patients with covid-19 at high risk of progression.
inflammatory profile of convalescent plasma to treat covid: impact of amotosalen/uva pathogen reduction technology.
effect of corticosteroids in patients with covid-19: a bayesian network meta-analysis.
effect of fluvoxamine on outcomes of nonhospitalized patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
molnupiravir versus placebo in unvaccinated and vaccinated patients with early sars-cov-2 infection in the uk (agile cst-2): a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind, phase 2 trial.
use of remdesivir for covid-19 pneumonia in patients with advanced kidney disease: a retrospective multicenter study.
comparison of the risk of hospitalisation among ba.1 and ba.2 covid-19 cases treated with sotrovimab in the community in england.
effect of ivermectin vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
effect of remdesivir on moderate to severe covid-19 patients’ outcomes.
comparative effectiveness of neutralising monoclonal antibodies in high risk covid-19 patients: a bayesian network meta-analysis.
the efficacy and safety of remdesivir and its combination with other drug for the treatment of covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
impact of a subcutaneous casirivimab and imdevimab clinic in outpatients with symptomatic covid-19: a single-center, propensity-matched cohort study.
favipiravir, lopinavir-ritonavir, or combination therapy (flare): a randomised, double-blind, 2 × 2 factorial placebo-controlled trial of early antiviral therapy in covid-19.
clinical antiviral efficacy of remdesivir and casirivimab/imdevimab against the sars-cov-2 delta and omicron variants.
chlorpheniramine intranasal spray to accelerate covid-19 clinical recovery in an outpatient setting: the accros trials.
the impact of covid-19 monoclonal antibodies on clinical outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.
change in effectiveness of sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality for at-risk covid-19 outpatients during an omicron ba.1 and ba.1.1-predominant phase.
colchicine and aspirin in community patients with covid-19 (act): an open-label, factorial, randomised, controlled trial.
[immunotherapy with anti-sars-cov-2 neutralizing f(ab')2 antibodies from equine serum in the treatment of outpatients with bilateral covid-19 pneumonia].
effectiveness of the neutralizing antibody sotrovimab among high-risk patients with mild-to-moderate sars-cov-2 in qatar.
real-world clinical outcomes of bebtelovimab and sotrovimab treatment of high-risk persons with coronavirus disease 2019 during the omicron epoch.
association of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir-ritonavir with preventable mortality, hospital admissions and related avoidable healthcare system cost among high-risk patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir against mortality, hospitalisation, and in-hospital outcomes among community-dwelling, ambulatory patients with confirmed sars-cov-2 infection during the omicron wave in hong kong: an observational study.
evaluation and comparison of vitamin a supplementation with standard therapies in the treatment of patients with covid-19.
clinical, virologic, and immunologic evaluation of symptomatic coronavirus disease 2019 rebound following nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment.
regular use of ivermectin as prophylaxis for covid-19 led up to a 92% reduction in covid-19 mortality rate in a dose-response manner: results of a prospective observational study of a strictly controlled population of 88,012 subjects.
real-world clinical outcomes of treatment with molnupiravir for patients with mild- to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 during the omicron variant pandemic.
opportunistic <i>candida</i> infections in critical covid-19 patients.
outcomes of monoclonal antibody infusion treatment during delta (b.1.617.2) and omicron (b.1.1.529) covid 19 variant surges among vaccinated and unvaccinated patients.
ivermectin-induced clinical improvement and alleviation of significant symptoms of covid-19 outpatients: a cross-sectional study.
impact of fluvoxamine on outpatient treatment of covid-19 in honduras.
viral load decrease in sars-cov-2 ba.1 and ba.2 omicron sublineages infection after treatment with monoclonal antibodies and direct antiviral agents.
effectiveness of subcutaneous casirivimab and imdevimab in ambulatory patients with covid-19.
fragile-colcovid19: a clinical trial based on early administration of an oral combination of colchicine and prednisone in elderly patients with covid-19 in geriatric facilities.
<p>molnupiravir use and severe covid-19 outcomes during the omicron surge</p>.
author correction: randomized controlled trial of favipiravir, hydroxychloroquine, and standard care in patients with mild/moderate covid-19 disease.
treatment outcome with high versus low-to-moderate dosing of corticosteroids in early vis-a-vis late-onset hypoxic cases of covid-19: a multicentric retrospective cohort study.
oral inhalation of cannabidiol delivered from a metered dose inhaler to alleviate cytokine production induced by sars-cov-2 and pollutants.
reply to "successful early use of anti-sars-cov-2 monoclonal neutralizing antibodies in sars-cov-2 infected hematological patients-a czech multicenter experience": a case series of sars-cov-2 omicron infection and aggressive lymphoma in the sotrovimab era.
a randomized, open-label trial of combined nitazoxanide and atazanavir/ritonavir for mild to moderate covid-19.
accumulation of mutations in antibody and cd8 t cell epitopes in a b cell depleted lymphoma patient with chronic sars-cov-2 infection.
repurposing potential of the antiparasitic agent ivermectin for the treatment and/or prophylaxis of covid-19.
treatment with sotrovimab for sars-cov-2 infection in a cohort of high-risk kidney transplant recipients.
clinical progression and outcome of hospitalized patients infected with sars-cov-2 omicron variant in shanghai, china.
short-course early outpatient remdesivir prevents severe disease due to covid-19 in organ transplant recipients during the omicron ba.2 wave.
real-world use of molnupiravir in the treatment of outpatients with sars-cov-2 infection-a patient profile based on the experience of a tertiary infectious disease center.
the efficacy of paxlovid in elderly patients infected with sars-cov-2 omicron variants: results of a non-randomized clinical trial.
a critical analysis of the use of cilgavimab plus tixagevimab monoclonal antibody cocktail (evusheld™) for covid-19 prophylaxis and treatment.
comparative effectiveness of sotrovimab and molnupiravir for prevention of severe covid-19 outcomes in non-hospitalised patients: an observational cohort study using the opensafely platform.
effectiveness of molnupiravir in high-risk patients: a propensity score matched analysis.
comparable outcomes for bebtelovimab and ritonavir-boosted nirmatrelvir treatment in high-risk patients with coronavirus disease-2019 during severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ba.2 omicron epoch.
nirmatrelvir combined with ritonavir for preventing and treating covid-19.
spike-specific t-cell responses in patients with covid-19 successfully treated with neutralizing monoclonal antibodies against sars-cov-2.
real-world use of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in covid-19 outpatients during the emergence of omicron variants ba.2/ba2.12.1.
a randomized phase 2/3 study of ensitrelvir, a novel oral sars-cov-2 3c-like protease inhibitor, in japanese patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19 or asymptomatic sars-cov-2 infection: results of the phase 2a part.
real-world effectiveness of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in preventing hospitalization among patients with covid-19 at high risk for severe disease in the united states: a nationwide population-based cohort study.
azithromycin use and outcomes in patients with covid-19: an observational real-world study.
favipiravir for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 pneumonia.
real-world effectiveness of sotrovimab for the early treatment of covid-19 during sars-cov-2 delta and omicron waves in the united states.
optimization of the prodrug moiety of remdesivir to improve lung exposure/selectivity and enhance anti-sars-cov-2 activity.
randomized trial of metformin, ivermectin, and fluvoxamine for covid-19.
favipiravir in patients with early mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19): a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of nitazoxanide in treating sars-cov-2 infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials.
safety and efficacy of convalescent plasma as a therapy for sars-cov-2: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
safety, efficacy, and relapse of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in kidney transplant recipients infected with sars-cov-2.
lessons learned from the use of covid-19 convalescent plasma at kaiser permanente.
a randomized clinical trial of regdanvimab in high-risk patients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019.
comparison of a target trial emulation framework to cox regression to estimate the effect of corticosteroids on covid-19 mortality.
impact of the use of oral antiviral agents on the risk of hospitalization in community coronavirus disease 2019 patients (covid-19).
corticosteroids: a boon or bane for covid-19 patients?.
real-world effectiveness of early molnupiravir or nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in hospitalised patients with covid-19 without supplemental oxygen requirement on admission during hong kong's omicron ba.2 wave: a retrospective cohort study.
safety profile and outcomes of early covid-19 treatments in immunocompromised patients: a single-centre cohort study.
european society of clinical microbiology and infectious diseases guidelines for coronavirus disease 2019: an update on treatment of patients with mild/moderate disease.
the clinical efficacy and safety of anti-viral agents for non-hospitalized patients with covid-19: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
outpatient convalescent plasma therapy for high-risk patients with early covid-19: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
nirmatrelvir use and severe covid-19 outcomes during the omicron surge.
real-world experience with molnupiravir during the period of sars-cov-2 omicron variant dominance.
nirmatrelvir/ritonavir and molnuipiravir in the treatment of mild/moderate covid-19: results of a real-life study.
early treatment of favipiravir in covid-19 patients without pneumonia: a multicentre, open-labelled, randomized control study.
oral nirmatrelvir and ritonavir in nonhospitalized vaccinated patients with coronavirus disease 2019.
remdesivir administration in covid-19 patients with renal impairment: a systematic review.
antibody therapy reverses biological signatures of covid-19 progression.
uptake of sotrovimab for prevention of severe covid-19 and its safety in the community in england.
effect of corticosteroid therapy on mortality in covid-19 patients-a systematic review and meta-analysis.
covid-19 convalescent plasma for the treatment of immunocompromised patients: a systematic review.
the efficiency of convalescent plasma in covid-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
virologic efficacy of casirivimab and imdevimab covid-19 antibody combination in outpatients with sars-cov-2 infection: a phase 2 dose-ranging randomized clinical trial.
clinical practice guidelines from the association for the advancement of blood and biotherapies (aabb): covid-19 convalescent plasma.
inhaled fluticasone for outpatient treatment of covid-19: a decentralized, placebo-controlled, randomized, platform clinical trial.
ivermectin for treatment of mild-to-moderate covid-19 in the outpatient setting: a decentralized, placebo-controlled, randomized, platform clinical trial.
inflammatory and thrombotic parameters associated with the covid-19 course in poland (sarster study).
covid-19 rebound after paxlovid treatment during omicron ba.5 vs ba.2.12.1 subvariant predominance period.
determining population-level allocation strategies for covid-19 treatments in the united states using a quantitative framework, a case study using nirmatrelvir/ritonavir.
geriatric risk and protective factors for serious covid-19 outcomes among older adults in shanghai omicron wave.
safety and tolerability study of sotrovimab (vir-7831) prophylaxis against covid-19 infection in immunocompromised individuals with impaired sars-cov-2 humoral immunity.
viral kinetics of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) omicron infection in mrna-vaccinated individuals treated and not treated with nirmatrelvir-ritonavir.
noninferiority of subcutaneous versus intravenous casirivimab/imdevimab for outpatient treatment of sars-cov-2 in a real-world setting.
combination therapy with remdesivir and immunomodulators improves respiratory status in covid-19: a retrospective study.
convalescent plasma in older adults with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
preliminary clinical experience of molnupiravir to prevent progression of covid-19 in kidney transplant recipients.
real-world effectiveness of early remdesivir and sotrovimab in the highest-risk covid-19 outpatients during the omicron surge.
a randomized controlled trial of combined ivermectin and zinc sulfate versus combined hydroxychloroquine, darunavir/ritonavir, and zinc sulfate among adult patients with asymptomatic or mild coronavirus-19 infection.
early clinical experience with molnupiravir for mild to moderate breakthrough covid-19 among fully vaccinated patients at risk for disease progression.
a randomised -controlled phase 2 trial of molnupiravir in unvaccinated and vaccinated individuals with early sars-cov-2.
antiviral drug treatment for nonsevere covid-19: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
association of nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment on upper respiratory severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (sars-cov-2 rt-pcr) negative conversion rates among high-risk patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).
systematic review and meta-analysis of ivermectin for treatment of covid-19: evidence beyond the hype.
favipiravir and/or nitazoxanide: a randomized, double-blind, 2×2 design, placebo-controlled trial of early therapy in covid-19 in health workers, their household members, and patients treated at imss (fantaze).
real-world experience of sotrovimab in high-risk, immunocompromised covid-19 patients.
safety and efficacy of molnupiravir in sars-cov-2-infected patients: a real-life experience.
outcomes of bebtelovimab and sotrovimab treatment of solid organ transplant recipients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019 during the omicron epoch.
pharmacometric assessment of the in vivo antiviral activity of ivermectin in early symptomatic covid-19.
characterisation of sars-cov-2 genomic variations in response to molnupiravir treatment in the agile phase iia clinical trial.
bradyarrhythmia after remdesivir administration in sars-cov-2: a review of literature and meta-analysis of observational studies in epidemiology.
participant and research team perspectives on the conduct of a remote therapeutic covid-19 clinical trial: a mixed methods approach.
effect of colchicine on the outcomes of patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
efficacy of early treatment with hydroxychloroquine in people with mild to moderate covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
potential benefit of early treatment with sotrovimab in patients with high risk for severe covid-19 carrying ba.2 infection.
real-world effectiveness of early molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir among hospitalized, non-oxygen-dependent covid-19 patients on admission during hong kong’s omicron ba.2 wave: an observational study.
timing of regen-cov administration and progression to severe covid-19.
the effect of ivermectin on the viral load and culture viability in early treatment of nonhospitalized patients with mild covid-19 - a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial.
protocol of pakistan randomized and observational trial to evaluate coronavirus treatment among newly diagnosed patients with covid-19: azithromycin, oseltamivir, and hydroxychloquine.
covid-19 therapeutics and outcomes among solid organ transplant recipients during the omicron ba.1 era.
efficacy and safety of camostat mesylate in early covid-19 disease in an ambulatory setting: a randomized placebo-controlled phase ii trial.
serial convalescent plasma infusions for the initial covid-19 infections in the appalachian region of west virginia.
jak inhibition as a new treatment strategy for patients with covid-19.
the effect of inhaled corticosteroids on the outcomes of patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
antiviral efficacy and safety of molnupiravir against omicron variant infection: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
non-effectiveness of ivermectin on inpatients and outpatients with covid-19.
receipt of anti-sars-cov-2 pharmacotherapies among u.s. veterans with mild to moderate covid-19, january-february 2022.
cost-effectiveness analysis of molnupiravir versus best supportive care for the treatment of outpatient covid-19 in adults in the us.
medications associated with lower mortality in a sars-cov-2 positive cohort of 26,508 veterans.
efficacy and safety of ensitrelvir in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: the phase 2b part of a randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2/3 study.
safety and efficacy of ivermectin for the prevention and treatment of covid-19: a double-blinded randomized placebo-controlled study.
oral co-supplementation of curcumin, quercetin, and vitamin d3 as an adjuvant therapy for mild to moderate symptoms of covid-19-results from a pilot open-label, randomized controlled trial.
will the use of pharmacogenetics improve treatment efficiency in covid-19?.
a multi-center, open-label, randomized controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of convalescent plasma therapy for coronavirus disease 2019: a trial protocol (covipla-rct).
efficacy of single-dose and double-dose ivermectin early treatment in preventing progression to hospitalization in mild covid-19: a multi-arm, parallel-group randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
in vivo virological efficacy of monoclonal antibodies and direct antiviral agents against the sars-cov-2 ba.1 and ba.2 omicron sublineages.
major candidate variables to guide personalised treatment with steroids in critically ill patients with covid-19: ciberesucicovid study.
[analysis of clinical characteristics of 362 vaccinated or unvaccinated patients infected by novel coronavirus omicron variant].
the effect of ivermectin on cases of covid-19.
effectiveness of subcutaneous casirivimab and imdevimab relative to no covid-19 antibody treatment among patients diagnosed with covid-19 in the ambulatory setting.
tixagevimab/cilgavimab pre-exposure prophylaxis is associated with lower breakthrough infection risk in vaccinated solid organ transplant recipients during the omicron wave.
covid-19 rebound after paxlovid and molnupiravir during january-june 2022.
ivermectin for preventing and treating covid-19.
clinical efficacy of different monoclonal antibody regimens among non-hospitalised patients with mild to moderate covid-19 at high risk for disease progression: a prospective cohort study.
change in effectiveness of sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 outpatients during the omicron phase.
treatment with metformin glycinate reduces sars-cov-2 viral load: an in vitro model and randomized, double-blind, phase iib clinical trial.
nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir for early covid-19 and hospitalization in a large us health system.
erratum: fluvoxamine treatment of patients with symptomatic covid-19 in a community treatment center: a preliminary result of randomized controlled trial.
early oxygen requirement in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19 who received regdanvimab after delta-variant outbreak.
rebound phenomenon after nirmatrelvir/ritonavir treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) in high-risk persons.
janus kinase inhibitors for the treatment of covid-19.
ivermectin under scrutiny: a systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and possible sources of controversies in covid-19 patients.
the comparative effectiveness of covid-19 monoclonal antibodies: a learning health system randomized clinical trial.
favipiravir and/or nitazoxanide: a randomized, double-blind, 2x2 design, placebo-controlled trial of early therapy in covid-19 (fantaze).
sofosbuvir/ledipasvir in combination or nitazoxanide alone are safe and efficient treatments for covid-19 infection: a randomized controlled trial for repurposing antivirals.
efficacy and safety of intramuscular administration of tixagevimab-cilgavimab for early outpatient treatment of covid-19 (tackle): a phase 3, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of hydroxychloroquine in healthcare professionals with mild sars-cov-2 infection: prospective, non-randomized trial.
efficacy of covid-19 treatments among geriatric patients: a systematic review.
efficacy and safety of nitazoxanide in treating sars-cov-2 infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis of blinded, placebo- controlled, randomized clinical trials.
single dose of ivermectin is not useful in patients with hematological disorders and covid-19 illness: a phase ii b open labelled randomized controlled trial.
outcomes of pregnant patients treated with regen-cov during the covid-19 pandemic.
efficacy and safety of blood derivative therapy for patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
protection by metformin against severe covid-19: an in-depth mechanistic analysis.
impact of dexamethasone and tocilizumab on hematological parameters in covid-19 patients with chronic disease.
effect of molnupiravir on biomarkers, respiratory interventions, and medical services in covid-19 : a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
effectiveness of paxlovid in reducing severe coronavirus disease 2019 and mortality in high-risk patients.
viral load rebound in placebo and nirmatrelvir-ritonavir treated covid-19 patients is not associated with recurrence of severe disease or mutations.
frequency, characteristics and outcome of corona virus disease 2019 (covid-19) infection in iranian patients with rheumatic diseases.
remdesivir and its combination with repurposed drugs as covid-19 therapeutics.
trends, variation and clinical characteristics of recipients of antivirals and neutralising monoclonal antibodies for non-hospitalised covid-19: a descriptive cohort study of 23.4 million people in opensafely.
safety of short-term treatments with oral chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine in patients with and without covid-19: a systematic review.
tixagevimab/cilgavimab for prevention of covid-19 during the omicron surge: retrospective analysis of national va electronic data.
omicron ba.1 and ba.2 neutralizing activity following pre-exposure prophylaxis with tixagevimab plus cilgavimab in vaccinated solid organ transplant recipients.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir/ritonavir against mortality, hospitalization, and in-hospital outcomes among community-dwelling, ambulatory covid-19 patients during the ba.2.2 wave in hong kong: an observational study.
a review on drug repurposing in covid-19: from antiviral drugs to herbal alternatives.
evaluation of monoclonal antibodies in preventing hospitalizations, emergency department visits, and mortality in high-risk covid-19 patients.
regen-cov antibody combination in patients with lymphoproliferative malignancies and sars-cov-2 infection.
clinical effectiveness of regdanvimab treatment for mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study.
ivermectin compared with placebo in the clinical evolution of mexican patients with asymptomatic and mild covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
early experience with modified dose nirmatrelvir/ritonavir in dialysis patients with coronavirus disease-2019.
risk factors for progression to acute respiratory failure after casirivimab and imdevimab administration: a retrospective study.
real-world effectiveness of casirivimab and imdevimab among patients diagnosed with covid-19 in the ambulatory setting: a retrospective cohort study using a large claims database.
real-world experience with available, outpatient covid-19 therapies in solid organ transplant recipients during the omicron surge.
real-world evidence of the neutralizing monoclonal antibody sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 outpatients.
real-world assessment of 2879 covid-19 patients treated with monoclonal antibody therapy: a propensity score-matched cohort study.
prospective individual patient data meta-analysis of two randomized trials on convalescent plasma for covid-19 outpatients.
first-generation oral antivirals against sars-cov-2.
evaluation of the safety and efficacy of favipiravir in adult indian patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19 in a real-world setting.
agreement of treatment effects from observational studies and randomized controlled trials evaluating hydroxychloroquine, lopinavir-ritonavir, or dexamethasone for covid-19: meta-epidemiological study.
early remdesivir to prevent severe covid-19 in recipients of solid organ transplant: a real-life study from northern italy.
emulation of a target trial from observational data to compare effectiveness of casirivimab/imdevimab and bamlanivimab/etesevimab for early treatment of non-hospitalized patients with covid-19.
rates of severe outcomes after bamlanivimab-etesevimab and casirivimab-imdevimab treatment of high-risk patients with mild to moderate coronavirus disease 2019.
the effect of casirivimab with imdevimab on disease progression in nonsevere covid-19 patients in a single hospital in japan.
recommendations for the outpatient drug treatment of patients with covid-19.
outcomes of sars-cov-2 infection in unvaccinated compared with vaccinated solid organ transplant recipients: a propensity matched cohort study.
hydroxychloroquine pre-exposure prophylaxis for covid-19 among healthcare workers: initial experience from india.
kidney transplant recipients and omicron: outcomes, effect of vaccines and the efficacy and safety of novel treatments.
monoclonal antibody therapy in kidney transplant recipients with delta and omicron variants of sars-cov-2: a single-center case series.
committee report: questionnaire survey on the treatment of covid-19 in patients receiving dialysis therapy.
describing covid-19 patients during the first two months of paxlovid (nirmatrelvir/ritonavir) initiation in a large hmo in israel.
<p>ivermectin is associated with increase in spo2 in hypoxemic sars-cov-2 patients: pharmacodynamic profile and correlates.</p><p> </p>.
antiviral used among non-severe covid-19 cases in relation to time till viral clearance: a retrospective cohort study.
efficacy of sofosbuvir plus ledipasvir in egyptian patients with covid-19 compared to standard treatment: a randomized controlled trial.
effectiveness of the neutralizing antibody sotrovimab among high-risk patients with mild to moderate sars-cov-2 in qatar.
favipiravir for treatment of outpatients with asymptomatic or uncomplicated coronavirus disease 2019: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial.
monoclonal antibodies for treatment of sars-cov-2 infection during pregnancy.
colchicine for covid-19 in the community (principle): a randomised, controlled, adaptive platform trial.
intramuscular azd7442 (tixagevimab-cilgavimab) for prevention of covid-19.
differential efficacy and safety of anti-sars-cov-2 antibody therapies for the management of covid-19: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
sars-cov-2 evolution and immune escape in immunocompromised patients treated with exogenous antibodies.
discovery of a new generation of angiotensin receptor blocking drugs: receptor mechanisms and in silico binding to enzymes relevant to sars-cov-2.
effect of common maintenance drugs on the risk and severity of covid-19 in elderly patients.
efficacy of remdesivir for hospitalized covid-19 patients with end stage renal disease.
favipiravir in sars-cov-2 infection: is it worth it?.
outcome of covid-19 in interstitial lung disease patients treated with anti-inflammatory drugs and antiviral drugs.
“efficacy and safety of fixed combination of hydroxychloroquine with azithromycin versus hydroxychloroquine and placebo in patients with mild covid-19: randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trial”.
covid-19 outcomes: does the use of psychotropic drugs make a difference? accumulating evidence of a beneficial effect of antidepressants-a scoping review.
association of subcutaneous or intravenous administration of casirivimab and imdevimab monoclonal antibodies with clinical outcomes in adults with covid-19.
outcome of very high-risk patients treated by sotrovimab for mild-to-moderate covid-19 omicron, a prospective cohort study (the anrs 0003s cocoprev study).
early th2 inflammation in the upper respiratory mucosa as a predictor of severe covid-19 and modulation by early treatment with inhaled corticosteroids: a mechanistic analysis.
therapeutic efficacy of four antiviral drugs in treatment of covid-19: a protocol for systematic review and network meta-analysis.
auxora vs. placebo for the treatment of patients with severe covid-19 pneumonia: a randomized-controlled clinical trial.
trial of early antiviral therapies during non-hospitalized outpatient window (treat now) for covid-19: a summary of the protocol and analysis plan for a decentralized randomized controlled trial.
effect of chronic hydroxychloroquine use on covid-19 risk in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus: a multicenter retrospective cohort.
serious cardiovascular adverse events associated with hydroxychloroquine/chloroquine alone or with azithromycin in patients with covid-19: a pharmacovigilance analysis of the fda adverse event reporting system (faers).
innovative randomized phase i study and dosing regimen selection to accelerate and inform pivotal covid-19 trial of nirmatrelvir.
fluvoxamine for outpatient management of covid-19 to prevent hospitalization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
fluvoxamine in nonhospitalized patients with acute covid-19 infection and the lack of efficacy in reducing rates of hospitalization, mechanical ventilation, and mortality in placebo-controlled trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effectiveness of regdanvimab at preventing the need for oxygen therapy in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study.
fluvoxamine treatment of patients with symptomatic covid-19 in a community treatment center: a preliminary result of randomized controlled trial.
safety and efficacy of colchicine in covid-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
model-based cost-effectiveness analysis of oral antivirals against sars-cov-2 in korea.
effectiveness and safety of regdanvimab in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study.
hydroxychloroquine versus placebo in the treatment of non-hospitalised patients with covid-19 (cope - coalition v): a double-blind, multicentre, randomised, controlled trial.
use of antivirals in sars-cov-2 infection. critical review of the role of remdesivir.
diabetes, metformin and the clinical course of covid-19: outcomes, mechanisms and suggestions on the therapeutic use of metformin.
real world evidence of the neutralizing monoclonal antibody sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 outpatients.
low-dose radiation therapy in the management of covid-19 pneumonia (lowrad-cov19). final results of a prospective phase i-ii trial.
<p>convalescent plasma to treat covid-19: a randomized double blind 2 centers trial</p>.
metformin is associated with favorable outcomes in patients with covid-19 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
effectiveness of pulse dose methyl prednisolone in management of covid 19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
efficacy of pharmacological interventions in covid-19: a network meta-analysis.
acute pancreatitis or severe increase in pancreatic enzyme levels following remdesivir administration in covid-19 patients: an observational study.
effect of early treatment with ivermectin among patients with covid-19.
early outpatient treatment for covid-19 with convalescent plasma.
the roles of methylprednisolone treatment in patients with covid-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
an update of antispike severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) monoclonal antibodies.
antidepressants for covid-19: a systematic review.
one-pot synthesis and molecular modeling studies of new bioactive spiro-oxindoles based on uracil derivatives as sars-cov-2 inhibitors targeting rna polymerase and spike glycoprotein.
randomized controlled trial of favipiravir, hydroxychloroquine, and standard care in patients with mild/moderate covid-19 disease.
anti-inflammatory response of cardamom extract and prediction of therapeutic window in covid-19 patients by assessing inflammatory markers using rt-pcr.
frequency and severity of covid-19 in patients with various rheumatic diseases treated regularly with colchicine or hydroxychloroquine.
efficacy of the combination of baricitinib, remdesivir, and dexamethasone in hypoxic adults with covid-19: a retrospective study.
molnupiravir: a lethal mutagenic drug against rapidly mutating severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2-a narrative review.
effectiveness of favipiravir on nonsevere, early-stage covid-19 in japan: a large observational study using the covid-19 registry japan.
sulforaphane exhibits antiviral activity against pandemic sars-cov-2 and seasonal hcov-oc43 coronaviruses in vitro and in mice.
inhaled ciclesonide for outpatient treatment of covid-19 in adults at risk of adverse outcomes: a randomised controlled trial (coverage).
comparative efficacy of early covid-19 monoclonal antibody therapies: a retrospective analysis.
nudt18 catalyzes the hydrolysis of active metabolites of the antivirals remdesivir, ribavirin and molnupiravir.
efficacy and safety of regdanvimab (ct-p59): a phase 2/3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in outpatients with mild-to-moderate coronavirus disease 2019.
efficacy and safety of favipiravir plus interferon-beta versus lopinavir/ritonavir plus interferon-beta in moderately ill patients with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
antiviral activity of molnupiravir against covid-19: a schematic review of evidences.
effect of sotrovimab on hospitalization or death among high-risk patients with mild to moderate covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
computational identification of host genomic biomarkers highlighting their functions, pathways and regulators that influence sars-cov-2 infections and drug repurposing.
[sotrovimab in controlling sars-cov-2 infection].
comparison of the ivermectin and lopinavir/ritonavir treatment outcomes among covid-19 mild to moderate cases in kaduna state.
safety and efficacy of a meuri program for the use of high dose ivermectin in covid-19 patients.
clinical prognosis of patients with mild covid-19 treated with casirivimab/imdevimab in japan.
covid-19 convalescent plasma and clinical trials: understanding conflicting outcomes.
fluvoxamine for the early treatment of covid-19: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
rationale and design of the covid-19 outpatient prevention evaluation (cope - coalition v) randomized clinical trial: hydroxychloroquine vs. placebo in non-hospitalized patients.
impact of colchicine on mortality and morbidity in covid-19: a systematic review.
the anti-coronavirus therapies (act) trials: design, baseline characteristics, and challenges.
<p>convalescent plasma treatment for sars-cov-2 infected high-risk patients - a matched pair analysis to the leoss cohort</p>.
implementation of a collaborated antimicrobial stewardship program and outpatient parenteral antimicrobial therapy (opat) unit-driven monoclonal antibody therapy program for covid-19 at an nyc hospital.
molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir-ritonavir: oral coronavirus disease 2019 antiviral drugs.
cost-effectiveness of casirivimab/imdevimab in patients with covid-19 in the ambulatory setting.
a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial of nitazoxanide for treatment of mild or moderate covid-19.
adverse effects of remdesivir, hydroxychloroquine and lopinavir/ritonavir when used for covid-19: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
renal and hepatic outcomes after remdesivir therapy in coronavirus disease-2019-positive patients with renal dysfunction at baseline or after starting therapy.
assessment of recovery time, worsening, and death among inpatients and outpatients with covid-19, treated with hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine plus azithromycin combination in burkina faso.
<p>cluster randomised trials - ivermectin repurposing for covid-19 treatment of outpatients with mild disease in primary health care centers</p>.
<p>the efficacy of casirivimab/imdevimab in solid organ transplant recipients with mild-to-moderate covid-19</p>.
real-world effectiveness of casirivimab and imdevimab in patients with covid-19 in the ambulatory setting: an analysis of two large us national claims databases.
effect of monoclonal antibody therapy on the endogenous sars-cov-2 antibody response.
oral nirmatrelvir/ritonavir therapy for covid-19: the dawn in the dark?.
convalescent plasma in covid-19: renewed focus on the timing and effectiveness of an old therapy.
<p>systematic review and meta-analysis of ivermectin for treatment of covid-19: evidence beyond the hype</p>.
<p>a comparison of ivermectin and non ivermectin based regimen for covid 19 in abuja: effects on virus clearance, days-to-discharge and mortality.</p>.
comparison of the efficacy and safety of atazanavir/ritonavir plus hydroxychloroquine with lopinavir/ritonavir plus hydroxychloroquine in patients with moderate covid-19, a randomized, double-blind clinical trial.
steroid treatment balance according to the lymphocyte / white blood cells ratio in covid-19 patients, a retrospective cohort analysis.
efficacy of ivermectin treatment on disease progression among adults with mild to moderate covid-19 and comorbidities: the i-tech randomized clinical trial.
impact of antibody cocktail therapy combined with casirivimab and imdevimab on clinical outcome for patients with covid-19 in a real-life setting: a single institute analysis.
effectiveness of regen-cov antibody combination in preventing severe covid-19 outcomes.
remdesivir use in pregnancy during the sars-cov-2 pandemic.
oral nirmatrelvir for high-risk, nonhospitalized adults with covid-19.
regdanvimab in patients with mild-to-moderate sars-cov-2 infection: a propensity score-matched retrospective cohort study.
outpatient therapies for covid-19: how do we choose?.
streamlining statistical reproducibility: nhlbi orchid clinical trial results reproduction.
favipiravir, lopinavir-ritonavir or combination therapy (flare): a randomised, double blind, 2x2 factorial placebo-controlled trial of early antiviral therapy in covid-19.
risk of severe covid-19 in patients with inflammatory rheumatic diseases treated with immunosuppressive therapy in scotland.
high-titre methylene blue-treated convalescent plasma as an early treatment for outpatients with covid-19: a randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
the effect of favipiravir versus hydroxychloroquine on clinical and laboratory findings in covid-19 in healthcare workers.
innovative randomized phase 1 study and dosing regimen selection to accelerate and inform pivotal covid-19 trial of nirmatrelvir.
efficacy of niclosamide vs placebo in sars-cov-2 respiratory viral clearance, viral shedding, and duration of symptoms among patients with mild to moderate covid-19: a phase 2 randomized clinical trial.
covid-19 in patients with hematologic malignancies: outcomes and options for treatments.
therapeutic dilemmas in addressing sars-cov-2 infection: favipiravir versus remdesivir.
antiviral therapy for covid-19: derivation of optimal strategy based on past antiviral and favipiravir experiences.
does metformin affect outcomes in covid-19 patients with new or pre-existing diabetes mellitus? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
successful early use of anti-sars-cov-2 monoclonal neutralizing antibodies in sars-cov-2 infected hematological patients - a czech multicenter experience.
efficacy and safety of three new oral antiviral treatment (molnupiravir, fluvoxamine and paxlovid) for covid-19：a meta-analysis.
efficacy and safety of nitazoxanide combined with ritonavir-boosted atazanavir for the treatment of mild to moderate covid-19.
convalescent plasma improves overall survival in patients with b-cell lymphoid malignancy and covid-19: a longitudinal cohort and propensity score analysis.
efficacy and safety of colchicine treatment in patients with covid-19: a prospective, multicenter, randomized clinical trial.
updated guidance on use and prioritization of monoclonal antibody therapy for treatment of covid-19 in adolescents.
methylprednisolone accelerate chest computed tomography absorption in covid-19: a three-centered retrospective case control study from china.
phase 2/3 trial of molnupiravir for treatment of covid-19 in nonhospitalized adults.
a phase 2 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of oral camostat mesylate for early treatment of covid-19 outpatients showed shorter illness course and attenuation of loss of smell and taste.
safety profile of covid-19 drugs in a real clinical setting.
effect of colchicine on mortality in patients with covid-19 - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
oral antivirals for the prevention and treatment of sars-cov-2 infection.
the impact of casirivimab-imdevimab antibody cocktail in patients amidst and post covid 19 treatment: a retro-prospective comparative study in india.
gastrointestinal and hepatic side effects of potential treatment for covid-19 and vaccination in patients with chronic liver diseases.
corticosteroid and biologic use not associated with adverse outcomes for inflammatory bowel disease patients hospitalized with covid-19.
an updated practical guideline on use of molnupiravir and comparison with agents having emergency use authorization for treatment of covid-19.
clinical course and outcome of an outpatient clinic population with myasthenia gravis and covid-19.
predictive risk factors for hospitalization and response to colchicine in patients with covid-19.
high-dose dexamethasone versus tocilizumab in moderate to severe covid-19 pneumonia: a randomized controlled trial.
eosinophilia is associated with improved covid-19 outcomes in inhaled corticosteroid-treated patients.
potential therapeutic options for covid-19: an update on current evidence.
efficacy of the use of mefenamic acid combined with standard medical care vs. standard medical care alone for the treatment of covid‑19: a randomized double‑blind placebo‑controlled trial.
the omicron variant is highly resistant against antibody-mediated neutralization: implications for control of the covid-19 pandemic.
efficacy of favipiravir in adults with mild covid-19: a randomized, double-blind, multicentre, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
the interaction of vitamin d and corticosteroids: a mortality analysis of 26,508 veterans who tested positive for sars-cov-2.
metformin use is associated with a decrease in the risk of hospitalization and mortality in covid-19 patients with diabetes: a population-based study in lombardy.
comparing outcomes of two antiviral therapy combinations among covid-19 patients.
effect of convalescent plasma as complementary treatment in patients with moderate covid-19 infection.
outcome of sars cov-2 inpatients treated with convalescent plasma: one-year of data from the veneto region (italy) registry.
convalescent plasma as a potential management option in covid-19: a critical review of randomized controlled registered trials.
editorial: current status of oral antiviral drug treatments for sars-cov-2 infection in non-hospitalized patients.
convalescent plasma improves overall survival in patients with b-cell lymphoid malignancies and covid-19: a longitudinal cohort and propensity score analysis.
retrospective study of outcomes and hospitalization rates of patients in italy with a confirmed diagnosis of early covid-19 and treated at home within 3 days or after 3 days of symptom onset with prescribed and non-prescribed treatments between november 2020 and august 2021.
phase 3 trial of coronavir (favipiravir) in patients with mild to moderate covid-19.
effectiveness of casirivimab and imdevimab, and sotrovimab during delta variant surge: a prospective cohort study and comparative effectiveness randomized trial.
a phase 2a clinical trial of molnupiravir in patients with covid-19 shows accelerated sars-cov-2 rna clearance and elimination of infectious virus.
early remdesivir to prevent progression to severe covid-19 in outpatients.
bias as a source of inconsistency in ivermectin trials for covid-19: a systematic review. ivermectin's suggested benefits are mainly based on potentially biased results.
<p>metformin significantly lowers the mortality rate in diabetic covid-19 patients</p>.
effect of early treatment with metformin on risk of emergency care and hospitalization among patients with covid-19: the together randomized platform clinical trial.
randomized controlled trial of early outpatient covid-19 treatment with high-titer convalescent plasma.
fluvoxamine for outpatient covid-19 to prevent hospitalization: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the place of fluvoxamine in the treatment of non-critically ill patients with covid-19: a living systematic review and meta-analysis.
[assessment of the effectiveness of early treatment in sars-cov-2 infection].
molnupiravir for oral treatment of covid-19 in nonhospitalized patients.
effects of hypertonic alkaline nasal irrigation on covid-19.
effectiveness of regdanvimab treatment in high-risk covid-19 patients to prevent progression to severe disease.
the omicron variant is highly resistant against antibody-mediated neutralization – implications for control of the covid-19 pandemic.
case series: convalescent plasma therapy for patients with covid-19 and primary antibody deficiency.
outcomes associated with tocilizumab with or without corticosteroid versus dexamethasone for treatment of patients with severe to critical covid-19 pneumonia.
understanding the clinical utility of favipiravir (t-705) in coronavirus disease of 2019: a review.
safety and efficacy of hydroxychloroquine for treatment of non-severe covid-19 among adults in uganda: a randomized open label phase ii clinical trial.
follow your nose: a key clue to understanding and treating covid-19.
can nlrp3 inhibitors improve on dexamethasone for the treatment of covid-19?.
<p>effectiveness of regdanvimab in patients with mild-to-moderate covid-19: a retrospective cohort study</p>.
a multi-centre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of the efficacy and safety of chloroquine phosphate, hydroxychloroquine sulphate and lopinavir/ritonavir for the treatment of covid-19 in lagos state: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
could inhaled corticosteroids be the game changers in the prevention of severe covid-19? a review of current evidence.
drug repurposing for covid-19 using graph neural network and harmonizing multiple evidence.
fluvoxamine for the early treatment of sars-cov-2 infection: a review of current evidence.
convalescent plasma for outpatients with early covid-19.
evaluation of favipiravir in the treatment of covid-19 based on the real-world.
association of subcutaneous or intravenous route of administration of casirivimab and imdevimab monoclonal antibodies with clinical outcomes in covid-19.
favipiravir for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019.
protocol: benefits and harms of remdesivir for covid-19 in adults: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
transient adverse events after regn-cov2 administration for mild covid-19 patients and their potential predictive factors: a single center analysis.
efficacy of ceftazidime and cefepime in the management of covid-19 patients: single center report from egypt.
molnupiravir-a novel oral anti-sars-cov-2 agent.
meta-analysis of arbidol versus lopinavir/ritonavir in the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019.
.
there are 5 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
in the end, 5 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.4603559870550162.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
molnupiravir plus usual care versus usual care alone as early treatment for adults with covid-19 at increased risk of adverse outcomes (panoramic): an open-label, platform-adaptive randomised controlled trial.
effect of higher-dose ivermectin for 6 days vs placebo on time to sustained recovery in outpatients with covid-19: a randomized clinical trial.
change in effectiveness of sotrovimab for preventing hospitalization and mortality for at-risk covid-19 outpatients during an omicron ba.1 and ba.1.1-predominant phase.
real-world use of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir in outpatients with covid-19 during the era of omicron variants including ba.4 and ba.5 in colorado, usa: a retrospective cohort study.
real-world effectiveness of molnupiravir and nirmatrelvir plus ritonavir against mortality, hospitalisation, and in-hospital outcomes among community-dwelling, ambulatory patients with confirmed sars-cov-2 infection during the omicron wave in hong kong: an observational study.
paxlovid associated with decreased hospitalization rate among adults with covid-19 - united states, april-september 2022.
population-based evaluation of the effectiveness of nirmatrelvir-ritonavir for reducing hospital admissions and mortality from covid-19.
nirmatrelvir use and severe covid-19 outcomes during the omicron surge.
