total number of articles searched: 2051.
objectives: ['to assess the efficacy of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in treating seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (sarc) to grass pollen.', 'to evaluate the safety of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in patients with sarc.', 'to compare the efficacy of grass pollen slit with placebo in randomized clinical trials.'].
a 300 ir 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet-specific systematic review and meta-analysis confirms its clinical benefits for patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma.
consistent efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy tablets across allergens and geographic regions.
sq sublingual immunotherapy tablets for children with allergic rhinitis: a review of phase three trials.
sublingual tablet immunotherapy improves quality of life in adults with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
allergen immunotherapy: the evidence supporting the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous immunotherapy and sublingual forms of immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis and asthma.
acute eosinophilic pneumonia induced by sublingual immunotherapy.
the effectiveness of pollen allergen immunotherapy on allergic rhinitis over 18 years: a national cohort study in denmark.
peripheral blood mononuclear cell transcriptome profile in a clinical trial with subcutaneous, grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy.
epinephrine administration in sublingual immunotherapy tablet trials is rare in children.
safety profile of grass, ragweed, and house dust mite sublingual immunotherapy tablets in children and adolescents.
the cytoskeletal protein profilin is an important allergen in saltwort (salsola kali).
sublingual immunotherapy tablets in monosensitized and polysensitized adults with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
positive outcome of the pivotal phase iii study with pq grass 27600 su, a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (scit) product using microcrystalline tyrosine (mct) and monophosphoryl lipid a (mpl) as adjuvant system.
clinical relevance of pre- and coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a 300 index of reactivity 5-grass slit tablet in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
nasal and blood transcriptomic pathways underpinning the clinical response to grass pollen immunotherapy.
preference in sublingual immunotherapy (slit)-tablet treatment schedules for patients with grass pollen ar.
short-course subcutaneous treatment with pq grass strongly improves symptom and medication scores in grass allergy.
assessment of inflammatory parameters and local allergic reaction in diagnosis and endotypic classification of allergic rhinitis.
onset of clinical effect with sublingual immunotherapy tablets for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
anaphylaxis is uncommon in clinical trials of sublingual immunotherapy tablets as identified by a standardized algorithm.
efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy tablets for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in adult monosensitized and polysensitized subjects.
the sq slit-tablets significantly improves quality of life in adults with grass, tree, ragweed and house dust mite allergic rhinitis: results from pooled analyses.
efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with lais grass tablets allergoid for patients with grass pollen-induced allergic moderate/severe rhinoconjunctivitis.
grass pollen allergen immunotherapy provides long-term relief of allergic rhinitis and asthma in patients of all age classes: a real world dataset analysis.
blocking antibody responses by pq grass 27,600 su for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis: a rdbpc pilot study.
clinical relevance of pre-and coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass slit tablet: a pooled post-hoc analysis of 3 phase iii trials.
clinical effects of sq grass, tree, and ragweed slit-tablets in adults are realised in the first pollen season.
subgroup analyses of the react-study support the efficacy and safety profile of sq sublingual immunotherapy (slit)-tablets.
efficacy and safety of sq slit-tablets in children with allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis and concomitant asthma from randomized controlled trials.
efficacy and safety of sublingual allergen immunotherapy.
allergen immunotherapy in mask-air users in real-life: results of a bayesian mixed-effects model.
allergen immunotherapy for long-term tolerance and prevention.
5-grass-pollen slit effectiveness in seasonal allergic rhinitis: impact of sensitization to subtropical grass pollen.
precision medicine in the allergy clinic: the application of component resolved diagnosis.
sublingual allergen-specific therapy in a child with diabetes mellitus.
evaluation of children with allergic rhinitis and asthma who have completed allergen immunotherapy: 19 years of real-life data, single-center study.
similarities in efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy tablets across geographic regions in clinical trials.
first experience of sublingual immunotherapy for local allergic rhinitis in russian federation.
single cell analysis of cd27+ and cd27-γ/δ t-cells in induced sputum of allergic airway disease.
clinical development of sq sublingual immunotherapy tablets in adolescents and children.
ilit.nu-documentation of efficacy and dose finding for intralymphatic allergen immunotherapy in a phase ii/iii randomized, parallel group, double blind placebo-controlled multisite field trial.
local microrna-related repression of the pge2-ep3-axis upon allergen-specific immunotherapy.
differential induction of allergen-specific iga responses following timothy grass subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy.
peptide allergen-specific immunotherapy for allergic airway diseases—state of the art.
basophil sensitivity reflects long-term clinical outcome of subcutaneous immunotherapy in grass pollen-allergic patients.
exploring novel systemic biomarker approaches in grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy using omics.
intralymphatic immunotherapy improves grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a 3-year randomized placebo-controlled trial.
induction of il-10-producing type 2 innate lymphoid cells by allergen immunotherapy is associated with clinical response.
standardized quantitative evaluation of clinical effectiveness and side effect profile of subcutaneous and sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy in children: a 5-year single center experience.
high dose vitamin d3 empowers effects of subcutaneous immunotherapy in a grass pollen-driven mouse model of asthma.
subsets of t regulatory cells in patients with grass pollen allergy.
validation of environmental exposure chamber (eec) for controlled human inhalation studies in patients with timothy grass pollen-triggered allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
pres-based grass pollen allergy vaccine bm32 may protect against hepatitis b.
allergoids conjugated to mannan drive monocyte differentiation into tolerogenic dendritic cells by promoting metabolic reprogramming.
grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy drives the generation of functional il-10-producing innate lymphoid cells that are associated with clinical benefit: an rdbpc study.
safety of timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet in children: pooled analyses of clinical trials.
persistence of the clinical effect of grass allergen peptide immunotherapy after the second and third grass pollen seasons.
sublingual immunotherapy for grass pollen rhinitis in children: 3-year follow-up in a cohort in southern italy.
improvement in nasal reactivity after two years of grass pollen slit treatment in children with allergic rhinitis.
long-term effects of allergen sublingual immunotherapy.
immunologic mechanisms of a short-course of lolium perenne peptide immunotherapy: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
sublingual immunotherapy alters salivary iga and systemic immune mediators in timothy allergic children.
impact of local innate lymphoid cells type 2 (ilc2) in allergic rhinitis and asthma patients.
biological standardization of the dactylis glomerata, festuca pratensis, lolium perenne, phleum pratense and poa pratensis allergen extracts: a phase ii clinical trial.
sublingual immunotherapy in patients with perennial allergic rhinitis and scuad phenotype.
t regulatory and t effector cells display distinct metabolic profiles in allergic patients.
strong dose-response on immunoglobulin markers during a phase ii allergen immunotherapy study with subcutaneously administered tyrosine adsorbed modified grass allergen + mpl.
intralymphatic allergen immunotherapy against birch and grass pollen allergy: a 3-year double-blind randomized clinical trial of 72 patients.
real-life safety of 5-grass pollen tablet in 5-to-9-year-old children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
sublingual immunotherapy tablets do not alter skin prick responses during treatment.
a pooled post-hoc analysis of pre-treatment allergen specific ige and slit-tablet efficacy.
persistent regulatory t-cell response 2 years after 3 years of grass tablet slit: links to reduced eosinophil counts, sige levels, and clinical benefit.
allergen component testing - a new era in diagnostics of patients with pollen allergy.
year-round treatment initiation for a 6-grasses pollen allergoid in specific immunotherapy of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma.
correlation of skin prick test with allergen exposure history and peripheral eosinophil counts among adult bronchial asthma patients.
adherence and quality of life in adults and children during 3-years of slit treatment with grazax-a real life study.
sublingual allergen immunotherapy for respiratory allergy: a systematic review.
conjunctival provocation testing in a dose finding study with subcutaneous immunotherapy with grass + mpl.
pediatric observational study of 300ir 5-grass tablet in grass pollen–induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: further safety data.
interleukin-35 regulates type ii-mediated responses elicited by innate lymphoid cells in allergic diseases.
relapse of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis after completion of 3 year course of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.
cost-effectiveness of the sq® grass sublingual immunotherapy (slit) tablet in a paediatric population.
an observational cohort study of the use of five-grass-pollen extract sublingual immunotherapy during the 2015 pollen season in france.
short course of grass allergen peptides immunotherapy over 3 weeks reduces seasonal symptoms in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma: a randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy of slit with different doses of a liquid phleum pratense extract was shown during the grass pollen season and in an allergen exposure chamber (aec).
a real-life, long-term, retrospective analysis evidencing slower progression of grass pollen allergic rhinitis in patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy tablets.
differential network and pathway analysis of transcriptome molecular markers associated with an adjuvanted grass allergoid immunotherapy.
sublingual immunotherapy with a liquid phleum pratense extract is effective in grass pollen allergic patients-results of a phase ii allergen exposure chamber (aec) trial.
interleukin (il)-35 producing t regulatory cells (itr35) suppresses type ii innate lymphoid cell (ilc2) and t helper 2 (th2) cell function and are induced following grass pollen immunotherapy.
design of a phase ii allergen immunotherapy study to determine the optimally effective and safe dose of subcutaneously administered tyrosine adsorbed modified grass allergen+mpl.
mechanisms underlying long-term effects of treatment with recombinant b cell epitope-based grass pollen allergy vaccine bm32.
the clinical and immunological effect of vitamin d supplementation combined with grass-specific slit in children with allergic rhinitis.
impact of sublingual immunotherapy with a five-grass pollen tablet on grass pollen allergic rhinitis and asthma: a real-life, long-term analysis in france.
impact of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets on allergic rhinitis and asthma: methodological aspects of a real-life, retrospective database analysis performed in france.
dose response and onset of action of sublingual immunotherapy with a liquid phleum pratense extract in grass pollen allergic patients.
early nonreactivity in the conjunctival provocation test predicts beneficial outcome of sublingual immunotherapy.
sublingual grass allergen specific immunotherapy: a retrospective study of clinical outcome and discontinuation.
effect of grass sublingual tablet immunotherapy is similar in children and adults: a bayesian approach to design pediatric sublingual immunotherapy trials.
rcat reflects symptom control and quality of life in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients.
results from the 5-year sq grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet asthma prevention (gap) trial in children with grass pollen allergy.
impact of vitamin d on subcutaneous grass pollen-specific immunotherapy-first immunology data from a controlled clinical pilot trial.
german practice – the effect of sublingual immunotherapy on standard pharmacotherapy – long-term data.
staloral in modern allergen immunotherapy.
grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets provide long-term relief of grass pollen-associated allergic rhinitis and reduce the risk of asthma: findings from a retrospective, real-world database subanalysis.
safety review of 5-grass pollen tablet from pooled data of clinical trials.
dose-finding study of carbamylated monomeric allergoid tablets in grass-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients.
treatment with grass pollen slit tablets is associated with long-term relief of allergic conjunctivitis.
long-term impact of grass-pollen (gp) sublingual immunotherapy tablet (slit) on allergic rhinitis (ar) and on allergic asthma (aa) onset and progression.
patterns of grass pollen sensitisation in south australia.
sq® grass tablet for subligual immunotherapy: current evidence and results of clinical trials conducted in europe and north america.
a practical guide to the sublingual immunotherapy tablet adverse event profile: implications for clinical practice.
allergen immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a systematic overview of systematic reviews.
local adverse effects and adherence to grass allergy sublingual immunotherapy with tablets in real life.
evidence for long term effects of treatment with recombinant b cell epitope-based grass pollen allergy vaccine bm32.
preseasonal grass pollen slit in at risk individuals confers protection from epidemic thunderstorm asthma.
high correlation between the total symptom score measured in a pollen chamber and the combined symptom medication score measured during the grass pollen season in grass pollen allergic patients.
long-term sustained reduction of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in children with grass pollen allergy-results from an asthma prevention (gap) trial.
efficacy of a 3-week subcutaneous immunotherapy course in patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis: results of a phase-3 study.
identification of novel biomarkers in the assessment of grass pollen slit response.
relevant patient benefit of 5-grass pollen tablet allergen immunotherapy (ait) in grass-pollen allergic adults, adolescents and children with different clinical profiles.
the effect of immunotherapy on birch pollen induced allergic rhinitis symptoms in dually sensitized grass and birch allergic patients-a pilot evaluation utilizing controlled allergen challenge.
effect of 2 years of treatment with sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy on nasal response to allergen challenge at 3 years among patients with moderate to severe seasonal allergic rhinitis: the grass randomized clinical trial.
comparison of scores associating symptoms and rescue medication use for evaluating the efficacy of allergy immunotherapy in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: results from five trials.
response to nasal challenge correlates with seasonal outcomes during grass pollen immunotherapy with either subcutaneous or sublingual immunotherapy.
long-term treatment with 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in grass pollen allergic subjects: safety outcome year after year.
topical nasal bacterial therapy associated with pre-seasonal allergoid scit in patients with grass allergy.
esophageal dysfunction and immunological changes induced by grass sublingual immunotherapy.
allergen immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
satisfaction and quality of life of allergic patients following sublingual five-grass pollen tablet immunotherapy in spain.
mechanisms, safety and efficacy of a b cell epitope-based vaccine for immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy.
peptide immunotherapy in allergic disease: targeting t cells to induce tolerance.
a randomised placebo-controlled trial of sublingual immunotherapy tablet for seasonal rhinitis to grass allergen: clinical outcomes, local symptoms and early time course of immunologic changes.
efficacy of grass pollen allergen syblingual immunotherapy tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. a systematic review and meta-analysis.
grass pollen subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy inhibit allergen-induced nasal responses and local th2 cytokines: a randomised controlled trial.
comparison of relative and absolute treatment differences between sublingual immunotherapy tablets and pharmacotherapies for seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis: pooled analyses of clinical trials.
ultra-short-term revaccination using tyrosine-absorbed specific allergoids enhanced with monophosphoryl lipid a (mpl) as a highly effective option for treating recurrent grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis.
systemic increase of regulatory b cells coincides with shift in effector t cell compartments following grass pollenspecific immunotherapy.
grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy and paediatric allergic rhinitis: a patient-oriented decision.
effect of lactobacillus rhamnosus gg and vitamin d supplementation on the immunologic effectiveness of grassspecific sublingual immunotherapy in children with allergy.
how does the efficacy and safety of oralair® compare to other products on the market?.
inhalant allergy in chronic vaginitis.
distinct modulation of allergic t cell responses by subcutaneous vs. sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy.
sq grass sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablet for disease-modifying treatment of grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
the clinical effect of vitamin d supplementation combined with grass-specific sublingual immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis.
pretreatment ige sensitization patterns determine the molecular profile of the igg4 response during updosing of subcutaneous immunotherapy with timothy grass pollen extract.
randomised placebo-controlled trial of grass pollen allergen tablet immunotherapy for seasonal rhinitis: clinical and surrogate outcomes and early time course of immunologic changes.
t cell epitope peptide therapy for allergic diseases.
c-type lectin receptor expression on human basophils and effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy.
timothy specific ige levels are associated with efficacy and safety of timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet.
pre-seasonal combined grass pollen immunotherapy and anti-il-4: a randomised controlled trial.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled multi-centre dosefinding study of 3 different regimens of gpasit+™ administered subcutaneously to adult patients with grass polleninduced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
a comparison of allergic t cell response modulation induced by subcutaneous vs sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy.
safety and efficacy of 3-injection immunotherapy protocol for treating grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis in american adolescents/young adults.
predictive factors for clinical response to pollen immunotherapy in children.
persistence of the 5-grass pollen tablet in patients with allergic rhinitis: a real-life study.
prolonged efficacy of the 300ir 5-grass pollen tablet up to 2 years after treatment cessation, as measured by a recommended daily combined score.
"the value of pre- and co-seasonal sublingual immunotherapy in pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis".
the relative clinical impact of sublingual immunotherapy with carbamylated monomeric allergoids on allergic respiratory symptoms.
network meta-analysis shows commercialized subcutaneous and sublingual grass products have comparable efficacy.
clinical and immunological assessment of efficacy specific sublingual immunotherapy in respiratory allergy patients.
pre-treatment level of specific grass ige is associated with efficacy and safety of a timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet.
health economic comparison of slit allergen and scit allergoid immunotherapy in patients with seasonal grass-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in germany.
safety of sublingual immunotherapy timothy grass tablet in subjects with allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis and history of asthma.
basophil expression of diamine oxidase: a novel biomarker of allergen immunotherapy response.
efficacy of grass pollen allergen sublingual immunotherapy tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
patient selection for subcutaneous versus sublingual immunotherapy.
allergen immunotherapy in pollen-induced allergic rhinitis.
conjunctival provocation tests: a predictive factor for patients' seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms.
cost-effectiveness analysis of allergen immunotherapy in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in spain.
the efficacy and safety of the timothy grass allergy sublingual immunotherapy tablet in canadian adults and children.
identification of a candidate biomarker predicting clinical benefit during allergen immunotherapy.
a second year of sublingual immunotherapy with a 5 grass allergen extract further suppresses airways inflammation as measured by exhaled breath temperature.
effectiveness and tolerability of a 2-year sublingual allergen immunotherapy (ait) in real-life medical practice in polyallergic patients with concomitant ait or concomitant symptomatic medication.
trends in prescribing of specific immunotherapy for grass pollen allergy in germany: 2005-2012.
efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen extract sublingual tablet in patients with grass pollen-associated allergic rhinoconjunctivitis assessed by daily combined score in a long term study.
disease-modifying properties of sq-standardised grass slit-tablets and long-term cost-effectiveness.
prospective adherence to specific immunotherapy in europe (paste) study: the enrollment of patients in greece.
a comparison of the relative clinical impacts of sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets and symptomatic drugs in grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
design and objectives of alto: a 5-year observational study evaluating the quality of life of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients treated by 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet.
impact of allergen immunotherapy on quality of life and healthcare costs in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in spain.
impact of allergen immunotherapy on symptom-free days and healthcare costs in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in germany.
impact of allergen immunotherapy on quality of life and healthcare costs in adults and children with grass polleninduced allergic rhinitis in germany.
estimation of health-related utility (eq-5d index) in subjects with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to evaluate health gain associated with sublingual grass allergen immunotherapy.
a meta-analysis of sublingual allergen immunotherapy and pharmacotherapy in pollen-induced seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
efficacy and safety of mk-7243: a grass allergy sublingual immunotherapy tablet evaluated in canadian adults and children.
economic evaluation of sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (grazax®) in children.
sublingual immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis: series of cases.
a role for waldeyer's ring in immunological response to allergens.
efficacy and safety of grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet, mk-7243: a large randomized controlled trial.
magnitude of changes in patient symptom and medication scores in grass allergy immunotherapy trials: dependency on levels of pollen exposure.
immunological comparison of allergen immunotherapy tablet treatment and subcutaneous immunotherapy against grass allergy.
sublingual or subcutaneous immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis: an indirect analysis of efficacy, safety and cost.
magnitude of efficacy measurements in grass allergy immunotherapy trials is highly dependent on pollen exposure.
objective approach for fending off the sublingual immunotherapy placebo effect in subjects with pollenosis: double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial.
allergy immunotherapy: what is the evidence for cost saving?.
grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study in elderly patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
short-term preseasonal immunotherapy: is early clinical efficacy related to the basophil response?.
a high polymerized grass pollen extract is efficacious and safe in a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study using a novel up-dosing cluster-protocol.
oral/sublingual phleum pretense grass tablet (grazax/grastek) to treat allergic rhinitis in the usa.
300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet offers relief from nasal symptoms in patients with allergic rhinitis.
the use of single versus multiple antigens in specific allergen immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: review of the evidence.
sublingual immunotherapy: the u.s. experience.
will sublingual immunotherapy offer benefit for asthma?.
impact of a pharmacist-led clinic on adherence with sublingual immunotherapy in grass pollen rhinoconjuctivitis.
grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet treatment is associated with similar efficacy and safety in children and adults: subgroup analysis of data from a large north american trial.
efficacy and safety of grass sublingual immuno-therapy tablet treatment in a large randomized controlled trial in north american children and adults.
sublingual immunotherapy with a five grass allergen extract on reduces local inflammation as measured by exhaled breath temperature in grass pollen allergic patients.
clinical efficacy of allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy correlates with the induction of tolerogenic dendritic cell, but not cd4+ regulatory t cell, markers.
a novel subset of regulatory t cells: interleukin-35 producing t regs (itr35) are induced after grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.
the influence of pollen exposure on efficacy measurements in grass allergy immunotherapy trials.
an evaluation of data on the relative clinical impact of sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets and symptomatic medications in grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
meta-analysis of allergen immunotherapy for treatment of grass pollen allergies indicates sublingual immunotherapy tablet is comparable to subcutaneous immunotherapy.
identification of a candidate biomarker predictive of the response to allergen immunotherapy.
is clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy comparable at different pediatric age ranges?.
one season of treatment with five grass pollen tablets in adults demonstrated a reduction in disease symptoms and impacts. findings of the smile study.
decreased specific basophil responses following treatment with grass allergy immunotherapy tablets as well as subcutaneous phleum pratense immunotherapy.
absence of ige neosensitisation in allergic patients undergoing sublingual immunotherapy.
immunological changes in saliva with sublingual immunotherapy.
subcutaneus vs sublingual immunotherapy.
effects of treatment with sublingual and subcutaneous grass pollen specific immunotherapy preparations on igg4 antibody level.
efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen extract sublingual tablet assessed by daily combined score: results of three doubleblind placebo-controlled natural field studies in children/adolescents and adults.
full symptom control in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollen-results of a 2-year sublingual allergen immunotherapy study.
protocol for a double-blind randomised controlled trial of low dose intradermal grass pollen immunotherapy versus a histamine control on symptoms and medication use in adults with seasonal allergic rhinitis (pollenlite).
recombinant allergen immunotherapy: clinical evidence of efficacy - a review.
zap70 expression in regulatory t cells in allergic rhinitis: effect of immunotherapy.
assessment of specific immunotherapy efficacy using a novel placeboscore-based method.
post-treatment efficacy of discontinuous treatment with 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
economic evaluation of 5-grass pollen tablets versus placebo in the treatment of allergic rhinitis in adults.
clinical efficacy and immunological response in children is similar to that of adults after the first treatment season with sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in two randomized trials.
sustained and post-treatment efficacy of a 5-grass pollen allergen extract sublingual tablet in adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis.
intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy: an effective and safe alternative treatment route for pollen-induced allergic rhinitis.
efficacy and safety of the sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in mono- and polysensitized subjects.
induction of regulatory dendritic cells in correlation with clinical efficacy during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.
immunotolerance mechanisms depend on high vs low dose of sublingual immunotherapy.
local nasal 'protective' immunoglobulin g4 (igg4) responses in nasal fluid following grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.
oralair®: a causal treatment for grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
a systematic review and economic evaluation of subcutaneous and sublingual allergen immunotherapy in adults and children with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
the identification of potentially pathogenic and therapeutic epitopes from common human allergens.
heterogeneity of antibody responses among clinical responders during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.
clinical efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in a us study: the importance of allergen-specific serum ige.
disease-modifying effect of 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablets in the treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in adults: assessment over an additional immunotherapy-free pollen season.
assessment of specific immunotherapy efficacy using a novel placebo score-based method.
unique and cross-reactive t cell epitope peptides of the major bahia grass pollen allergen, pas n 1.
specific immunotherapy can greatly reduce the need for systemic steroids in allergic rhinitis.
efficacy of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in european and north american patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
changes in allergen-specific cd4+ t-cell responses during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy do not correlate with short-term clinical efficacy.
pre-coseasonal treatment with five-grass sublingual tablets induces inhibitory antibodies that correlate with clinical efficacy.
premature discontinuation of treatment among allergen immunotherapy users in allergic rhinitis.
use of the sq-standardised grass allergen immunotherapy tablet improves health related quality of life (sf36) after completion of treatment.
does sublingual immunotherapy work through the replacement of ige epitopes?.
the efficasy of pre-seasonal sublingual immunotherapy in patient with grass pollen allergy rhinitis during the first year of initiation.
asthma prevention trial of an sqstandardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet for children with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis: preliminary baseline characteristics.
economic evaluation of five-grass pollen tablets for the treatment of allergic rhinitis.
why do some patients refuse to start a slit course?.
the risk of severe treatment-related adverse events is significantly lower in children compared with adults when treated with sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablets: post hoc analysis of seven clinical trials.
allergen sensitivity in a large sample of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic asthma patients in the northeast mediterranean coast of turkey.
cost effectiveness analysis of immunotherapy in patients with grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in germany.
specific immunotherapy in grass pollen allergy.
immunotherapy for inhalant allergens in childhood: revised consensus of the division of pediatric allergy of the dutch society of pediatrics.
epigenetic modifications and improved regulatory t-cell function in subjects undergoing dual sublingual immunotherapy.
specific ige response to different grass pollen allergen components in children undergoing sublingual immunotherapy.
treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with a once-daily sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet.
early improvement of patients' condition during allergen-specific subcutaneous immunotherapy with a high-dose hypoallergenic 6-grass pollen preparation.
efficacy of sublingual swallow immunotherapy in children with rye grass pollen allergic rhinitis: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.
the first year with oralair.
a regulatory dendritic cell signature correlates with the clinical efficacy of allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy.
comparative effect of pre-coseasonal and continuous grass sublingual immunotherapy in children.
sq-standardized sublingual grass immunotherapy: confirmation of disease modification 2 years after 3 years of treatment in a randomized trial.
effectiveness of preparations with non-modified allergens for sublingual application - evaluation of evidence by reference to clinical trials.
functional rather than immunoreactive levels of igg4 correlate closely with clinical response to grass pollen immunotherapy.
timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets reduce nasal and ocular symptoms associated with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis during grass pollen season in north american children and adults: 2 randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
the risk of severe treatment related adverse events is significantly lower in children compared to adults when treated with standardized timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets: post hoc analysis of 7 clinical trials.
economic evaluation of grass tablets for immunotherapy (oralair) compared to placebo in adults and children in italy.
efficacy and safety of 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets in us adults with grass-pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
sublingual immunotherapy for grass pollen allergy in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
grazax - tablet form of allergen immunotherapy.
changes in basophil activation during grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy do not correlate with clinical efficacy.
direct comparison between continuous and coseasonal regimen for sublingual immunotherapy in children with grass allergy: a randomized controlled study.
efficacy of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (ait) treatment in canadian children and adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (arc).
cost-effectiveness analysis of immunotherapy in patients with grass pollen allergic rhinitis.
impact of pollen exposure on the treatment effect of ragweed and grass immunotherapy tablets for seasonalallergic rhinoconjunctivitis: preliminary findings.
efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen allergen sublingual immunotherapy (slit) tablets: subgroup analysis by baseline timothy-specific ige.
design and recruitment for the gap trial, investigating the preventive effect on asthma development of an sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
the average adjusted symptom score, a new primary efficacy end-point for specific allergen immunotherapy trials.
sustained 3-year efficacy of pre- and coseasonal 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis.
sustained clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with a high-dose grass pollen extract.
dosing and efficacy in specific immunotherapy.
sustained effects of grass pollen ait.
effect of ait in children including potential to prevent the development of asthma.
sublingual immunotherapy with natural grass pollen extracts: an appraisal of the evidence.
using epigenetics and phenotyping on allergen specific t cells to understand mechanisms of tolerance in sublingual immunotherapy.
efficacy and safety of 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets in adult patients with grass-pollen rhinoconjunctivitis in united states.
efficacy of sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets on individual symptom scores in adults with grass polleninduced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
in search of surrogate markers of sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy efficacy.
direct comparison between continuous and co-seasonal regimen for sublingual immunotherapy in children with grass allergy. a randomised controlled study.
efficacy and safety of sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in european and north american adults.
consistency of short-and long-term clinical trials results with 300 ir five-grass pollen tablets.
relationship between allergic disease severity and efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen slit tablets for sublingual immunotherapy.
efficacy and safety of sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in european and north american children and adolescents.
french experience: safety profile of sqstandardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in medical practice for three consecutive seasons-graal study.
safety and tolerability of sqstandardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in adults and children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: post hoc analysis of seven clinical trials.
sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet treatment did not result in asthma worsening in subjects with allergic grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis with or without seasonal asthma.
the effect of preseasonal grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy on basophil cd203c expression.
treatment with sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet impacted the number of days with low quality of life.
meta-analysis supports that the efficacy of grass allergy immunotherapy tablets is comparable to subcutaneous immunotherapy.
long-term clinical efficacy of a 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet in adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
the current role of sublingual immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis in adults and children.
sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid a: a phase i/iia study.
efficacy of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet during peak grass pollen season in north american children and adolescents.
lower respiratory-related events in adults and children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis receiving timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet.
consistency of clinical results throughout short-term and long-term studies with sublingual 300ir 5-grass pollen tablets.
effect of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet on allergic rhinoconjunctivitis eye symptoms in north american adults and children.
efficacy of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet during peak grass pollen season in north american adults.
days with severe symptoms: an additional efficacy endpoint in immunotherapy trials.
allergy immunotherapy tablet: grazax® for the treatment of grass pollen allergy.
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets in north american children and adolescents.
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet treatment in north american adults.
sublingual immunotherapy is effective and safe in children.
safety of ultra-rush titration of sublingual immunotherapy in asthmatic children with tree-pollen allergy.
in vivo and in vitro immunological changes induced by a short course of grass allergy immunotherapy tablets.
development of a sublingual allergy vaccinefor grass pollinosis.
oralair® - sublingual tablets for specific immunotherapy of grass-pollen allergy.
efficacy and safety of grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (ait) in a north american pediatric population.
safety and tolerability of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in adults and children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: post hoc analysis of 7 clinical trials.
disease-modifying effect of the sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet is sustained and significant 2 year safter end of treatment.
safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in north american adults and children.
assessment of sustained efficacy and safety of a 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet (slit) in adults with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis during a 3-year treatment study.
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in north american adults.
carbamylated monoid allergoids as a new therapeutic option for sublingual immunotherapy of mite- and grass-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis - a systematic review of published trials using lais® tablets.
carbamylated monomelic allergoids as a therapeutic option for sublingual immunotherapy of dust mite- and grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: a systematic review of published trials with a meta-analysis of treatment using lais® tablets.
five-grass pollen 300ir slit tablets: efficacy and safety in children and adolescents.
grass pollen allergy in queensland: how important are the subtropical grass pollens for triggering allergic rhinitis and asthma?.
effect of birch pollen specific immunotherapy on birch pollen-related hazelnut allergy.
application of mass spectrometry to the characterisation and quantification of pharmaceutical-grade allergens.
influence of high-dose grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy on allergic eye and nose symptoms.
usefulness of isac-inhibition assay for monitoring the composition of commercially available allergenic extracts.
subcutaneous immunotherapy with a preparation with optimised allergen aluminium hydroxide ratio: immunologic effects.
an assessment of sustained efficacy and safety of a 300ir five-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet in adults with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis during a 3-year treatment study.
recombinant hypoallergenic variants of phl p 5: candidates for allergen-specific immunotherapy.
efficacy of sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet treatment on basophil activation test in subjects with grass pollen induced rhinoconjuctivitis.
effect of the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet on immunological compartment in patients with grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis.
lack of association between clinical efficacy and cellular immune responses in the blood during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.
heterogeneity of antibody responses among clinical responders following grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy.
investigating the asthma preventive effect of the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in grass allergic children - the gap trial.
the clinical development of specific immunotherapies: specific methodological issues and clinical interpretation of results.
quality of life during routine treatment with the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet.
compliance during a long-term phase iii trial with the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet.
sustained efficacy of the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet during the peak grass pollen season 2 years after treatment.
disease-modifying effect of the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet is sustained 2 years after treatment.
immunotherapy with a phleum pratense allergen extract induces an immune response to a grass-mix allergen extract.
towards evidence-based medicine in specific grass pollen immunotherapy.
sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy is associated with increases in sublingual foxp3-expressing cells and elevated allergen-specific immunoglobulin g4, immunoglobulin a and serum inhibitory activity for immunoglobulin e-facilitated allergen binding to b cells.
safety implications of different administration routes for specific immunotherapy.
efficacy endpoints of a5 grass pollen sublingual tablets in adults and children.
from evidence-based medicine to practice in specific grass pollen immunotherapy of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
pre-seasonal specific immunotherapy in rhino-conjunctivitis versus placebo.
long-term clinical efficacy in grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis after treatment with sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet.
grazax® - safety of specific immunotherapy with tablets taken at home.
clinical parameters to evaluate the efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. calculation of "well days" as an adjunct concept.
efficacy of non-modified allergen products for subcutaneous specific immunotherapy - evaluation of evidence in clinical trials.
safety of anti-ige treatment with omalizumab in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis undergoing specific immunotherapy simultaneously.
pre-seasonal specific short-term immunotherapy versus placebo in seasonal rhino-conjunctivitis.
certainties and doubts about sublingual and oral immunotherapy in children.
efficacy, safety and tolerability of sublingual monomeric allergoid in tablets given without up-dosing to pediatric patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma due to grass pollen.
component resolved diagnosis (crd): in-vitro definition of allergic patient's profile.
treatment with the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in children above and below the age of 10 - efficacy, safety and immunological response.
sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in children induces clinical and immunological responses similar to those seen in adults.
abstracts of the eaaci pediatric allergy and asthma meeting.
sustained, disease-modifying effect of grass allergy tablet immunotherapy 1 year after a 3-year treatment period.
sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet significantly improves quality of life in mono-and polysensitized patients.
the sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tabletis well tolerated over 3 years of treatment.
rationale for a five-grass pollen vaccine.
efficacy of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy for three consecutive seasons and after cessation of treatment: the ecrit study.
response to sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen extract: monotherapy versus combination in a multiallergen extract.
administration regimens for sublingual immunotherapy to pollen allergens: what do we know?.
foxp3 is increased in the sublingual mucosa after grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy and is accompanied by increases in serum igg4 and serum inhibitory activity for allergen-ige binding to b cells.
a multicenter, randomised, parallel-group trial assessing compliance to 12-month treatment with grass tablets in 259 patients with grass pollen rhinoconjuntivitis.
sustained, disease-modifying effect of grass allergen tablet immunotherapy 1 year after completion of treatment.
efficacy and safety of a 300ir five-grass pollen slit tablet in children and adolescents with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis.
early onset of action of a five-grass pollen 300 ir sublingual immunotherapy (slit) tablet evaluated in an allergen challenge chamber.
the improvement in disease specific quality of life is sustained 1 year after completion of 3 years treatment with the a grass allergen immunotherapy tablet.
european outcomes amongst allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients participating in a placebo-controlled study of ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy (uscit) conducted during the 2007 grass pollen season.
significant benefits of combined symptom and medication scores for ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy compared with placebo in patients with grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
grass allergen tablet immunotherapy in children induces igg4 antibody and 4ige-blocking responses similar to those seen in adults.
the effect of the matched pairs method on the measurement of treatment effect in a trial of ultra short course specific immunotherapy.
safety, tolerability and efficacy of a grass tablet 12-month treatment: a prospective multicenter trial in 259 patients with grass pollen rhinoconjuntivitis.
efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with a high-dose 6-grass pollen preparation progressively increases in the third treatment year.
evaluation of a 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (slit) tablet in a pediatric population at the pollen peak.
efficacy assessment in an allergen challenge chamber (acc) of sublingual immunotherapy (slit) with a 5-grass pollen tablet.
a new primary efficacy endpoint for specific immunotherapy clinical trials.
a multicentre study to evaluate the adherence of sublingual and depot immunotherapy to mixed grass in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma: the polite study.
relation between grass pollen exposure and efficacy for a grass allergen immunotherapy tablet.
treatment with a grass allergen immunotherapy tablet in children above and below the age of 10 - efficacy, safety and immunological response.
sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet provides consistent reductions in all individual nose and eye seasonal symptoms compared to symptomatic medication alone 1 year after treatment.
in-season initiation of treatment with sq standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet induces an immunomodulatory response and seems to be well tolerated.
with increased grass pollen exposure, treatment with sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet further improves quality of life compared to symptomatic medications alone.
an economic evaluation of grazax for the treatment of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in children.
efficacy and safety of 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in patients with different clinical profiles of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
implementation of pre-seasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a five-grass pollen tablet during optimal dosage assessment.
efficacy and safety of high-doses sublingual immunotherapy in ultra-rush scheme in children allergic to grass pollen.
agreement of efficacy assessments for five grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (slit) tablets in children and adolescents with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis and with or without mild asthma.
sublingual immunotherapy with a once-daily 5-grass pollen tablet: efficacy assessment in an allergen challenge chamber (acc).
effect of single-grass-allergen immunotherapy-tablet treatment on the time to first symptom and time to first use of rescue medication in children with allergic rhinitis.
the efficacy of single-grass-allergen-immunotherapy-tablet treatment in mono- and multi-sensitized allergic rhinitis patients: findings from a post hoc analysis.
evaluation of a five grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets (slit) in a pediatric population at peak pollen season and immunological outcomes.
the response to sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen extract administered as a single extract or as part of a multi-allergen extract in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis caused by grass pollen.
sublingual immunotherapy with fast-dissolving grass tablets induces comparable igg4 antibody and ige-blocking responses in children and adults.
ige-blocking antibodies may account for a large proportion of the observed treatment effect induced by specific immunotherapy (sit).
significant reduction in combined symptom and medication score compared with placebo following mpl-adjuvanted uscit in patients with seasonal grass pollen allergy.
agreement of efficacy assessments for five-grass pollen sublingual tablet immunotherapy.
safety and efficacy in children of an sq-standardized grass allergen tablet for sublingual immunotherapy.
cost-effectiveness of specific immunotherapy with grazax in allergic rhinitis co-existing with asthma.
sublingual immunotherapy: what have we learnt from the 'big trials'?.
double-blind, placebo-controlled evaluation of grass pollen specific immunotherapy with oral drops administered sublingually or supralingually.
economic evaluation of sublingual vs subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy.
grass pollen immunotherapy: il-10 induction and suppression of late responses precedes igg4 inhibitory antibody activity.
is specific immunotherapy now suitable for treating respiratory allergy?.
grazax--treatment for grass pollen hay fever.
comparison of costs of sublingual immunotherapy and drug treatment in grass-pollen induced allergy: results from the simap database study.
sublingual immunotherapy with standardized quality grass allergen tablets: results of the development program.
treatment of grass pollen allergy: focus on a standardized grass allergen extract - grazax®.
sublingual immunotherapy in pollen-induced seasonal rhinitis and conjunctivitis: a randomized controlled trial.
sublingual-swallow immunotherapy with standardized 3-grass pollen extract: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
grazax: an oral vaccine for the treatment of grass pollen allergy (hay fever).
cost-effectiveness of grazax® for prevention of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in southern europe.
safety of specific sublingual immunotherapy with sq standardized grass allergen tablets in children.
grass allergen tablet immunotherapy relieves individual seasonal eye and nasal symptoms, including nasal blockage.
prolonged preseasonal treatment phase with grazax sublingual immunotherapy increases clinical efficacy.
immunoglobulin e and g antibody profiles to grass pollen allergens during a short course of sublingual immunotherapy.
cost-effectiveness of grass allergen tablet (grazax®) for the prevention of seasonal grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis - a northern european perspective.
sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen is not effective in symptomatic youngsters in primary care.
antigens drive memory ige responses in human allergy via the nasal mucosa.
sublingual immunotherapy. a survey on the basis of controlled studies on efficacy, tolerability, long-term effects and prevention in children and adults with alk-scherax preparations.
specific immunotherapy with high dose sq standardized grass allergen tablets was safe and well tolerated.
efficacy and tolerability of high dose sublingual immunotherapy in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis.
safety and tolerability of grass pollen tablets in sublingual immunotherapy - a phase-1 study.
clinical efficacy and safety of preseasonal sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen carbamylated allergoid in rhinitic patients. a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
five-year follow-up on the pat study: specific immunotherapy and long-term prevention of asthma in children.
once daily sublingual immunotherapy without updosing - a new treatment schedule.
safety of a sq-standardised grass allergen tablet for sublingual immunotherapy: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
specific immunotherapy with sq standardized grass allergen tablets in asthmatics with rhinoconjunctiviti.
dose dependence of efficacy but not of safety in sublingual immunotherapy.
efficacy and safety of preseasonal-specific immunotherapy with an aluminium-adsorbed six-grass pollen allergoid.
sublingual immunotherapy with tablets - an alternative for the future?.
comparison of the biological potency of different allergen extracts: implications for future galenic application forms of slit.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multi-centre study on the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (slit) in children with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen.
efficacy and safety of specific allergen immunotherapy with standardized depod allergen h-ai depot. (pollens).
randomized controlled trial of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis.
coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy reduces the development of asthma in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
allergen-specific immunotherapy with a monophosphoryl lipid a-adjuvanted vaccine: reduced seasonally boosted immunoglobulin e production and inhibition of basophil histamine release by therapy-induced blocking antibodies.
sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis.
local immunotherapy in allergy.
safety of various dosage regimens during induction of sublingual immunotherapy: a preliminary study.
is sublingual immunotherapy clinically effective?.
immunotherapy in children.
short-term immunotherapy, results of a pms study.
grass pollen immunotherapy for hayfever is associated with increases in local nasal but not peripheral th1: th2 cytokine ratios.
sublingual immunotherapy - results from a multi-centre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study with a standardised birch and grass/rye pollen extract.
allergen immunotherapy - a position paper of the german society for allergology and clinical immunology.
measurement of ige antibodies against purified grass-pollen allergens (phl p 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 11, and 12) in sera of patients allergic to grass pollen.
immunotherapy with a calcium phosphate-adsorbed five-grass-pollen extract in seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
controlled study of preseasonal immunotherapy with grass pollen extract in tablets: effect on bronchial hyperreactivity.
grass pollen immunotherapy: symptomatic improvement correlates with reductions in eosinophils and il-5 mrna expression in the nasal mucosa during the pollen season.
evaluation of effectiveness and safety of three-year-long immunotherapy with mixed grass pollen allergens.
preseasonal local allergoid immunotherapy to grass pollen in children: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial.
allergen-specific immunotherapy in birch- and grass-pollen-allergic rhinitis. i. efficacy estimated by a model reducing the bias of annual differences in pollen counts.
sublingual immunotherapy and influence on urinary leukotrienes in seasonal pediatric allergy.
grass pollen specific sublingual/swallow immunotherapy in children: open-controlled comparison among different treatment protocols.
specific immunotherapy-yesterday-today-tomorrow-focus on topical immunotherapy.
sublingual immunotherapy with a standardised grass pollen extract.
molecular basis of ige-recognition of lol p 5, a major allergen of rye- grass pollen.
specific immunotherapy suppresses il-1β and il-8 levels in nasal secretions: a possible explanation for the inhibition of inflammatory cell migration.
clinical efficacy and tolerance of two year lolium perenne sublingual immunotherapy.
preseasonal specific immunotherapy with modified phleum pratense allergenic extracts: tolerability and effects.
a double-blind, placebo-controlled study of preventive immunotherapy with e.p.d., in the treatment of seasonal allergic disease.
effect of allergen specific immunotherapy (it) on natural killer cell activity (nk), ige, ifn-γ levels and clinical response in patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma.
a double-blind, placebo-controlled study of immunotherapy with grass-pollen extract alutard sq during a 3-year period with initial rush immunotherapy.
safety and efficacy of sublingual rush immunotherapy with grass allergen extracts. a double blind study.
grass pollen immunotherapy: efficacy and safety during a 4-year follow-up study.
inhibitory effect on the migration of inflammatory cells into the nasal mucosa by immunotherapy.
systemic reactions to specific immunotherapy in children with respiratory allergy: a prospective study.
quadrillage - a co-seasonal treatment of pollinosis.
influence of grass pollen immunotherapy on cellular infiltration and cytokine mrna expression during allergen-induced late-phase cutaneous responses.
clinical and immunological effects of immunotherapy with alum-absorbed grass allergoid in grass-pollen-induced hay fever.
usefulness of immunotherapy in patients with severe summer hay fever uncontrolled by antiallergic drugs.
double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy with mixed grass-pollen allergoids: iii. efficacy and safety of unfractionated and high-molecular-weight preparations in rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma.
the effect of preseasonal immunotherapy on the production of histamine-releasing factor (hrf) by mononuclear cells from patients with seasonal asthma: results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study.
isotypic and antigenic restriction of the blocking antibody response to ryegrass pollen: correlation of rye group i antigen-specific igg1 with clinical response.
a double-blind placebo-controlled trial of polymerized whole grass administered in an accelerated dosage schedule for immunotherapy of grass pollinosis.
calcium phosphate adjuvanted allergens.
immunotherapy--state of the art.
rationale for specific immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy with extracts of rye pollen. skin test reactivity and immunochemical relationship between pollen allergens from rye and other common grasses.
a three-layer immunoradiometric assay for determination of igg subclass antibodies in human sera ('igg subclass rast'). validation of the subclass specificity, and establishment of equipotency.
a double-blind histamine placebo-controlled trial of polymerized whole grass for immunotherapy of grass allergy.
grass pollen hyposensitization versus placebo therapy.
local intranasal immunotherapy for grass-allergic rhinitis.
clinical efficacy and changes in specific immunoglobulins after desensitization to grass pollens over two pollen seasons.
nasal and skin sensitivity during immunotherapy with two major allergens 19, 25 and partially purified extract of timothy grass pollen.
reduced allergen immunotherapy of grass pollinosis.
hyposensitization. comparing a purified (refined) allergen preparation and a crude aqueous extract from timothy pollen.
use of glutaraldehyde-modified timothy grass pollen extract in nasal hyposensitisation treatment of hay fever.
there are 7 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 7 target papers were left after filtering!.
false positive rate: 0.2598732325694783.

Included target articles are as follow:
randomized controlled trial of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis.
efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: a randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
safety and efficacy in children of an sq-standardized grass allergen tablet for sublingual immunotherapy.
efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets in north american children and adolescents.
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet treatment in north american adults.
clinical efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in a us study: the importance of allergen-specific serum ige.
efficacy and safety of grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet, mk-7243: a large randomized controlled trial.
