total number of articles searched: 235.
objectives: ['evaluate the association of atherogenic index of plasma (aip) with cardiovascular prognosis in patients with coronary artery disease (cad)', 'assess the relationship between aip and major cardiovascular events (mace)', 'determine the association of aip with secondary outcomes including all-causes death, cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (mi), stroke, revascularization, and no-reflow phenomenon'].
associations of the triglyceride-glucose index and atherogenic index of plasma with the severity of new-onset coronary artery disease in different glucose metabolic states.
atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease: a systematic review.
association between the atherogenic index of plasma and adverse long-term prognosis in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome.
plasma atherogenic indices are independent predictors of slow coronary flow.
the predictive value of atherogenic index of plasma for cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with ldl-c below 1.8mmol/l.
atherogenic index of plasma and triglyceride-glucose index to predict more advanced coronary artery diseases in patients with the first diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome.
atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease in the adult population: a meta-analysis.
effect of body mass index on the prognostic value of atherogenic index of plasma in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
atherogenic index of plasma predicts obstructive coronary artery disease in patients with stable angina pectoris.
the association of atherogenic index of plasma with cardiovascular outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
relationship between the atherogenic index of plasma and nondipping circadian pattern in hypertensive patients.
the atherogenic index of plasma (aip) is a predictor for the severity of coronary artery disease.
the triglyceride-glucose index might be a better indicator for predicting poor cardiovascular outcomes in chronic coronary syndrome.
the correlation of atherogenic index of plasma with non-obstructive cad and unfavorable prognosis among patients diagnosed with minoca.
relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
impact of atherogenic indexes in saphenous vein graft stenosis.
the association between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow phenomenon in acute coronary syndrome.
atherogenic index of plasma: a valuable novel index to distinguish patients with unstable atherogenic plaques.
small dense ldl level and ldl/hdl distribution in acute coronary syndrome patients.
association between atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery calcification progression in korean adults.
corrigendum: atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease in the adult population: a meta-analysis.
evaluating the use of novel atherogenicity indices and insulin resistance surrogate markers in predicting the risk of coronary artery disease: a case‒control investigation with comparison to traditional biomarkers.
the atherogenic index of plasma and its impact on recanalization of chronic total occlusion.
reply to the letter to the editor: [letter by yue j, et al. regarding article 'the relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and noreflow in patients with acute st segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention'].
correlation between atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery disease in males of different ages: a retrospective study.
association of atherogenic index of plasma with angiographic progression in patients with suspected coronary artery disease.
[atherogenic index and its association with acute coronary ischemic syndrome mortality].
success and failure of cardiovascular disease prevention in czech republic over the past 30 years. czech part of the euroaspire i-iv surveys.
prognostic significance of multiple triglycerides-derived metabolic indices in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
atherogenic index of plasma is associated with epicardial adipose tissue volume assessed on coronary computed tomography angiography.
the combined predictive power of the atherogenic index of plasma and serum glycated albumin for cardiovascular events in postmenopausal patients with acute coronary syndrome after percutaneous coronary intervention.
the atherogenic index of plasma: a powerful and reliable predictor for coronary artery disease in patients with type 2 diabetes.
the relation between atherogenic index of plasma and cardiovascular outcomes in prediabetic individuals with unstable angina pectoris.
atherogenic index of plasma is an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease and a higher syntax score.
atherogenic index of plasma predicts coronary artery disease severity and major adverse cardiac events in absence of conventional risk factors.
predictive value of the atherogenic index of plasma for chronic total occlusion before coronary angiography.
the relationship between intracoronary thrombus burden and atherogenic index in patients with st-elevation myocardial infarction.
atherogenic index of plasma is an independent risk factor for contrast induced nephropathy in patients with non-st elevation myocardial infarction.
atherogenic index of plasma and the risk of in-stent restenosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome beyond the traditional risk factors.
atherogenic index of plasma for non-diabetic, coronary artery disease patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: a prospective study of the long-term outcomes in china.
atherogenic index of plasma and the risk of rapid progression of coronary atherosclerosis beyond traditional risk factors.
association between the atherogenic index of plasma and carotid artery plaques in patients with coronary heart disease in different glucose metabolism states: an rcscd-tcm study in tianjin, china.
prognostic significance of atherogenic index of plasma, atherogenic coefficient and lipoprotein combined index among elderly patients with non-st-segment elevation myocardial infarction in 1-year follow-up.
multiple triglyceride-derived metabolic indices and incident cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease.
contribution of classical and emerging risk factors to coronary artery disease in asian indians.
atherogenic index of plasma and coronary artery calcification progression beyond traditional risk factors according to baseline coronary artery calcium score.
atherogenic index of plasma and the risk of advanced subclinical coronary artery disease beyond traditional risk factors: an observational cohort study.
predictive value of resting fractional flow reserve and atherogenic index of plasma for evaluation of physiologically significant coronary artery lesions.
atherogenic index of plasma as a predictor of coronary artery disease: a cohort study in south of iran.
atherogenic index of plasma (aip): a novel predictive indicator for the coronary artery disease in postmenopausal women.
sex difference in the relationship of the atherogenic index of plasma with coronary artery lesions in diabetes: a cross-sectional study.
paraoxonase 1 activity, lipid profile, and atherogenic indexes status in coronary heart disease.
coronary artery calcification burden, atherogenic index of plasma, and risk of adverse cardiovascular events in the general population: evidence from a mediation analysis.
association between the atherogenic index of plasma and coronary collateral circulation in patients with chronic total occlusion.
the atherogenic index of plasma is a strong and independent predictor for coronary artery disease in the chinese han population.
the effect of untraditional lipid parameters in the development of coronary artery disease: atherogenic index of plasma, atherogenic coefficient and lipoprotein combined index.
which biomarker(s) augment the diagnostic value of the positive exercise electrocardiography test: systemic inflammatory index, plasma atherogenic index, or monocyte/hdl-c ratio?.
gender-and lesion number-dependent difference in "atherogenic index of plasma" in chinese people with coronary heart disease.
comparison of atherogenic index and lipid profiles in candidates for coronary artery bypass graft surgery versus normal people.
evaluation of the atherogenic index of plasma to predict all-cause mortality in elderly with acute coronary syndrome: a long-term follow-up.
two parameters reflect lipid-driven inflammatory state in acute coronary syndrome: atherogenic index of plasma, neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio.
the atherogenic index of plasma plays an important role in predicting the prognosis of type 2 diabetic subjects undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results from an observational cohort study in china.
prognostic impact of the atherogenic index of plasma in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
the relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute st-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
the synergistic effect of the atherogenic index of plasma and hyperuricemia on the prediction of coronary chronic total occlusion lesion: an observational cross-sectional study.
the sensibility of the new blood lipid indicator--atherogenic index of plasma (aip) in menopausal women with coronary artery disease.
novel predictors and adverse long-term outcomes of no-reflow phenomenon in patients with acute st elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
the clinical role of combined circulating complement c1q and aip for cad with ldl-c level below 1.8mmol/l.
gender-specific associations between atherogenic index of plasma and the presence and severity of acute coronary syndrome in very young adults: a hospital-based observational study.
predicting coronary artery severity in patients undergoing coronary computed tomographic angiography: insights from pan-immune inflammation value and atherogenic index of plasma.
the evaluation value of atherogenic index of plasma and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein for the degree of coronary artery lesion in premature coronary artery disease.
carotid ultrasound combined with plasma atherosclerosis index (aip) in the severe analysis of coronary heart disease treated with atorvastatin.
different association of atherogenic index of plasma with the risk of high platelet reactivity according to the presentation of acute myocardial infarction.
dietary almonds increase serum hdl cholesterol in coronary artery disease patients in a randomized controlled trial.
circulating endothelial cells in coronary artery disease.
cardiovascular risk factors in children with long-standing untreated idiopathic subclinical hypothyroidism.
apolipoprotein modifying effects of statins and fibrate in various age groups of coronary artery disease patients.
12 weeks' aerobic and resistance training without dietary intervention did not influence oxidative stress but aerobic training decreased atherogenic index in middle-aged men with impaired glucose regulation.
exploring the burden of mixed dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study in kashmir, india.
effects of low-dose pioglitazone on glucose control, lipid profiles, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and natriuretic peptides in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease.
[estimating the effectiveness of hypolipidemic therapy with rosuvastatin in patients with coronary heart disease depending on the genotype of lipoprotein lipase].
serum pcsk9 levels, but not pcsk9 polymorphisms, are associated with cad risk and lipid profiles in southern chinese han population.
[genetic analysis of the correlation of the cholesterol concentrations of blood plasma lipoproteins].
coronary risk factors in middle-aged men as related to smoking, coffee intake and physical activity.
[lipid profile in patients with newly diagnosed coronary heart disease: 2012 and 2013 cross-sectional study in luis vernaza hospital, ecuador].
increased frequency of lipoprotein disorders similar to type iii hyperlipoproteinemia in survivors of myocardial infarction in japan.
[effect of liandou qingmai recipe on atherogenic indices of plasma and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein in patients with coronary heart disease].
[experience with the risk factor-based prevention of ischemic heart disease at a pyatigorsk health resort].
[influence polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 on coagulation and fibrinolysis systems in patients with niddm].
.
there are 10 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
the non-hdl-c/hdl-c ratio is a strong and independent predictor of the no-reflow phenomenon in patients with st-elevation myocardial infarction.
in the end, 9 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 1.
false positive rate: 0.37872340425531914.
false negative rate: 0.1.

Included target articles are as follow:
prognostic impact of the atherogenic index of plasma in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
the non-hdl-c/hdl-c ratio is a strong and independent predictor of the no-reflow phenomenon in patients with st-elevation myocardial infarction.
the relation between atherogenic index of plasma and cardiovascular outcomes in prediabetic individuals with unstable angina pectoris.
the association between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow phenomenon in acute coronary syndrome.
association between the atherogenic index of plasma and adverse long-term prognosis in patients diagnosed with chronic coronary syndrome.
atherogenic index of plasma and triglyceride-glucose index to predict more advanced coronary artery diseases in patients with the first diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome.
effect of body mass index on the prognostic value of atherogenic index of plasma in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and stent thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
prognostic significance of multiple triglycerides-derived metabolic indices in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
atherogenic index of plasma for non-diabetic, coronary artery disease patients after percutaneous coronary intervention: a prospective study of the long-term outcomes in china.
novel predictors and adverse long-term outcomes of no-reflow phenomenon in patients with acute st elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
the relationship between atherogenic index of plasma and no-reflow in patients with acute st-segment elevation myocardial infarction who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention.
the atherogenic index of plasma plays an important role in predicting the prognosis of type 2 diabetic subjects undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results from an observational cohort study in china.
