The Efficacy and Safety of Jaungo, a Traditional Medicinal Ointment, in Preventing Radiation Dermatitis in Patients with Breast Cancer: A Prospective, Single-Blinded, Randomized Pilot Study; Purpose. This study was performed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Jaungo in preventing radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer. Methods. Thirty patients were prospectively enrolled and randomly assigned to receive Jaungo or general supportive skin care. Radiation dermatitis and pain were examined at daily intervals from the start of radiotherapy until 4 weeks after its completion. The primary endpoint of this study was the incidence of radiation dermatitis. The secondary endpoints were time to onset of radiation dermatitis, duration of radiation dermatitis, and maximum pain score. Results. Jaungo reduced the incidence of grade >= 2 (46.7% versus 78.6%) and grade 3 radiation dermatitis (20.0% versus 50.0%) in comparison with general supportive skin care. Jaungo also delayed the onset of grade 2 dermatitis (35 days versus 30 days). In terms of time to onset of grade 3 dermatitis, duration of dermatitis, and maximumpain score, Jaungo showed results comparable to those achieved with general supportive skin care. No patients experienced adverse effects caused by Jaungo administration. Conclusions. Jaungo minimized radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer without causing adverse effects. Further randomized studies with a larger sample size are required to assess clinical use of Jaungo.
Plasma phytoestrogens are not altered by probiotic consumption in postmenopausal women with and without a history of breast cancer; Soy phytoestrogens were suggested to reduce the risk of a number of diseases including breast cancer. Given that these compounds are metabolized by bacteria, alteration of intestinal bacteria and enzymes may affect phytoestrogen metabolism. We hypothesized that probiotics, when consumed with soy protein, would increase plasma isoflavones, as well as equol producer frequency, in postmenopausal women. We further hypothesized that these effects would differ between women who have had breast cancer and women who have not. To test these hypotheses, 20 breast cancer survivors and 20 controls completed four 6-wk treatments in a randomized, crossover design: supplementation with soy protein (S) (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein, 44.4 +/- 7.5 mg isoflavones/d); soy + probiotics (S+P) (10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS + 1 and Bifidobacterium longum, 15-30 mg fructooligosaccharide/d); milk protein (M) (215.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d); and milk + probiotics (M + P). Plasma phytoestrogen concentrations did not differ between controls and survivors, although genistein tended to be lower in survivors at baseline (P = 0.15), and during soy (P = 0.16) and milk protein (P = 0.16) consumption. As expected, soy consumption increased plasma phytoestrogen concentrations (P < 0.0001). Plasma phytoestrogen concentrations and the number of equol producers did not differ between the S and S+P diets. At the same time, plasma equol concentrations as well as urinary equol excretion in 2 subjects were more than 7-fold different between the 2 diets. These results indicate that this particular probiotic supplement does not generally affect plasma isoflavones, although the large differences between plasma and urinary equol in some subjects suggest that equol producer status may be modifiable in some individuals.
Diet or exercise, or both, for preventing excessive weight gain in pregnancy; Background This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2012, Issue 4. Excessive weight gain during pregnancy is associated with poor maternal and neonatal outcomes including gestational diabetes, hypertension, caesarean section, macrosomia, and stillbirth. Diet or exercise interventions, or both, may reduce excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and associated poor outcomes; however, evidence from the original review was inconclusive. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness of diet or exercise, or both, interventions for preventing excessive weight gain during pregnancy and associated pregnancy complications. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (5 November 2014), contacted investigators of the previously identified ongoing studies and scanned reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of diet or exercise, or both, interventions for preventing excessive weight gain in pregnancy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. We organised RCTs according to the type of interventions and pooled data using the random-effects model in the Review Manager software. We also performed subgroup analyses according to the initial risk of adverse effects related to poor weight control. We performed sensitivity analysis to assess the robustness of the findings. Main results We included 65 RCTs, out of which 49 RCTs involving 11,444 women contributed data to quantitative meta-analysis. Twenty studies were at moderate-to-high risk of bias. Study interventions involved mainly diet only, exercise only, and combined diet and exercise interventions, usually compared with standard care. Study methods varied widely; therefore, we estimated the average effect across studies and performed sensitivity analysis, where appropriate, by excluding outliers and studies at high risk of bias. Diet or exercise, or both, interventions reduced the risk of excessive GWG on average by 20% overall (average risk ratio (RR) 0.80, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 0.87; participants = 7096; studies = 24; I-2 = 52%). This estimate was robust to sensitivity analysis, which reduced heterogeneity, therefore we graded this evidence as high-quality. Interventions involving low glycaemic load diets, supervised or unsupervised exercise only, or diet and exercise combined all led to similar reductions in the number of women gaining excessive weight in pregnancy. Women receiving diet or exercise, or both interventions were more likely to experience low GWG than those in control groups (average RR 1.14, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.27; participants = 4422; studies = 11; I-2 = 3%; moderate-quality evidence). We found no difference between intervention and control groups with regard to pre-eclampsia (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.16; participants = 5330; studies = 15; I-2 = 0%; high-quality evidence); however, maternal hypertension (not a pre-specified outcome) was reduced in the intervention group compared with the control group overall (average RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.51 to 0.96; participants = 5162; studies = 11; I-2 = 43%; low-quality evidence). There was no clear difference between groups with regard to caesarean delivery overall (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.03; participants = 7534; studies = 28; I-2 = 9%; high-quality evidence); although the effect estimate suggested a small difference (5%) in favour of the interventions. In addition, for combined diet and exercise counselling interventions there was a 13% (-1% to 25%) reduction in this outcome (borderline statistical significance). We found no difference between groups with regard to preterm birth overall (average RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.22; participants = 5923; studies = 16; I-2 = 16%; moderate-quality evidence); however limited evidence suggested that these effect estimates may differ according to the types of interventions, with a trend towards an increased risk for exercise-only interventions. We found no clear difference between intervention and control groups with regard to infant macrosomia (average RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.02; participants = 8598; studies = 27; I-2 = 0%; high-quality evidence), although the effect estimate suggested a small difference (7% reduction) in favour of the intervention group. The largest effect size occurred in the supervised exercise-only intervention group (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.02; participants = 2445; studies = 7; I-2 = 0%), which approached statistical significance (P = 0.07). Furthermore, in subgroup analysis by risk, high-risk women (overweight or obese women, or women with or at risk of gestational diabetes) receiving combined diet and exercise counselling interventions experienced a 15% reduced risk of infant macrosomia (average RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.00; participants = 3252; studies = nine; I-2 = 0; P = 0.05; moderate-quality evidence) There were no differences in the risk of poor neonatal outcomes including shoulder dystocia, neonatal hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinaemia, or birth trauma (all moderate-quality evidence) between intervention and control groups; however, infants of high-risk women had a reduced risk of respiratory distress syndrome if their mothers were in the intervention group (RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.85; participants = 2256; studies = two; I-2 = 0%; moderate-quality evidence). Authors' conclusions High-quality evidence indicates that diet or exercise, or both, during pregnancy can reduce the risk of excessive GWG. Other benefits may include a lower risk of caesarean delivery, macrosomia, and neonatal respiratory morbidity, particularly for high-risk women receiving combined diet and exercise interventions. Maternal hypertension may also be reduced. Exercise appears to be an important part of controlling weight gain in pregnancy and more research is needed to establish safe guidelines. Most included studies were carried out in developed countries and it is not clear whether these results are widely applicable to lower income settings.
FOOD-GROUP CONSUMPTION AND COLON CANCER IN THE ADELAIDE CASE-CONTROL STUDY .2. MEAT, POULTRY, SEAFOOD, DAIRY FOODS AND EGGS; We conducted a case-control study in Australia, comparing 220 persons with histologically confirmed incident adenocarcinoma of the colon with 438 age- and gender-matched controls. Cases were identified via the South Australian Cancer Registry (1979-80); controls were randomly selected from the electoral roll. All participants completed a 141-item food-frequency questionnaire and were interviewed regarding demographic and other information. Consumption of 8 groups of foods from animal sources was investigated. Odds ratios (OR) for quartiles of consumption were obtained using conditional logistic regression. All analyses were conducted separately for females and males. The most striking finding was a positive association for egg consumption in females, with an unadjusted OR of 2.4 (1.1-5.3) for consumption in the uppermost quartile. The uppermost septile of egg consumption was associated with an unadjusted OR of 6.3 (1.5-26.1) and a dose-response pattern was suggested. Intakes of red meat, liver, seafood, and dairy foods were also weakly positively associated with risk in females. In males, intakes of red meat and poultry were weakly positively associated with risk with unadjusted ORs of 1.5 (0.8-2.8) and 1.4 (0.7-2.6) respectively. The ratio of intake of red meat to poultry and seafood was also positively associated with risk in males, with an unadjusted OR of 1.4 (0.8-2.6). Interpretation of analyses stratified by colon cancer subsite was limited by the low number of subjects in each sub-site stratum, yet the results were somewhat supportive of a stronger risk associated with animal foods in the proximal than in the distal colon. The results for egg consumption suggest a role for cholesterol in the etiology of colon cancer, particularly in proximal cancer for females. Results for vegetable and fruit consumption are presented in a companion report.
Glucose supplementation has minimal effects on blood neutrophil function and gene expression in vitro; During early lactation, glucose availability is low and the effect of glucose supply on bovine polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMNL) function is poorly understood. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of glucose supplementation on the function and transcriptomic inflammatory response of PMNL from cows in early and mid-lactation in vitro. Twenty Holstein cows in early (n = 10; days in milk = 17 +/- 3.1) and mid-lactation (n = 10; days in milk = 168 +/- 14.8) were used for this study. Jugular blood was analyzed for serum concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids, P-hydroxybutyrate, and glucose. Polymorphonuclear leukocytes were isolated and diluted using RPMI (basal glucose concentration was 7.2 mM) to different concentrations of PMNL/mL for phagocytosis, chemotaxis, gene expression, and medium analyses. Working solutions of glucose (0 or 4 mM of D-glucose) and lipopolysaccharide (0 or 50 mu g/mL) were added and tubes were incubated for 120 min at 37 degrees C. Media were analyzed for concentrations of glucose and tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-alpha). Data were analyzed in a randomized block (stage of lactation) design. Challenge with lipopolysaccharide increased the expression of the genes encoding for nuclear factor kappa B (NFKB1), IL-10 (IL10), IL1B, IL6, IL8, TNF-alpha (TNFA), glucose transporter (SLC2A3), and the concentration of TNF-alpha in medium (147.3 vs. 72.5 pg/mL for lipopolysaccharide and control, respectively). Main effect of stage of lactation was minimal where the expression of IL10 increased for cows in early compared with cows in mid-lactation. After lipopolysaccharide challenge, cows in early lactation experienced more marked increases in the expression of IL6, TNFA, and IL8 when compared with cows in midlactation. Glucose supplementation had minimal effects on gene expression where glucose supplementation increased the expression of lysozyme (LYZ). Glucose supplementation increased PMNL phagocytosis but did not alter chemotaxis, morphology, or concentration of TNF-alpha in the medium. Under the conditions of the experiment, stage of lactation had minimal effects on PMNL response to glucose supply where only the expression of NFKB1 and the production of TNF-alpha were greater for cows in mid-lactation when compared with early lactation. Metabolic profiles for cows in early lactation did not parallel those for cows during the early postpartum period and may partly explain results for this study. Future studies investigating the effect of glucose supply on bovine PMNL function in vivo and how this may be altered by stage of lactation are warranted.
FLUID INTAKE AND BLADDER-CANCER IN UTAH; A population-based, incident case-control study was conducted in Utah to assess the relationship between fluid intake and bladder cancer. Cancer cases (n = 419) were identified through the Utah Cancer Registry, and controls (n = 889) were obtained through random digit dialling and the Health Care Financing Administration. After adjustment for cigarette smoking, age, sex, history of diabetes, and history of bladder infections using multiple logistic regression analysis, total fluid intake was not found to be related to bladder cancer development. Specific fluids related to bladder cancer risk were milk intake (OR = 0.64) and caffeinated coffee intake (OR = 1.60). A linear trend for a dose-response protective effect was observed for milk, while coffee increased risk only when 40 or more cups were consumed per week. Alcohol increased risk only when consumed at high levels (over 3.64 ounces or 103 per week) by people who never smoked cigarettes (OR = 2.37). Likewise, tea consumption in  noncigarette smokers increased bladder cancer risk (OR = 2.25). Results from this study suggest that types of fluids consumed may play a role in the development of bladder cancer. Furthermore, it is hypothesized that the dietary components of these beverages may be related to the development of bladder cancer.
Supranutritional selenium intake from enriched milk casein impairs hepatic insulin sensitivity <i>via</i> attenuated IRS/PI3K/AKT signaling and decreased PGC-1α expression in male Sprague-Dawley rats; Selenium (Se)-enriched milk provides antioxidant benefits and has therapeutic potential against cancer. However, both antidiabetic and prodiabetic effects have been attributed to Se. Our objective was to evaluate the effect of Se -enriched milk casein on insulin sensitivity in rats when given at the requirement of 0.25 ppm Se and supranutritionally on both low-and high-fat diets. Two hundred sixteen male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed low-or high-fat diets containing one; two or eight times the Se requirement in a randomized block design. After 7 weeks, 72 rats were subjected to the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp with [3-H-3]glucose infusion to estimate glucose fluxes. Tissues were collected from the remaining 144 rats 8 min after ip saline or insulin injection. During hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps, glucose infusion rate was 22% lower (P=.058), and endogenous glucose production was 76% higher (P=.054) when Se content increased from one to eight times the requirement on low -fat diets, indicating impaired hepatic insulin sensitivity. Se also decreased the ability for insulin to stimulate Akt phosphorylation at Thr308. Hepatic oxidation state and expression of selenoprotein P and glutathione peroxidase-1 were unaffected while expression of insulin receptor substrate (IRS) -1 and-2 and PPARy coactivator-alpha (PGC-1 alpha) decreased with supranutritional Se and high -fat intake. In addition, hepatic expression of regulatory and catalytic subunits of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) decreased with supranutritional intake of Se. Se intake from enriched casein up to eight times the requirement impairs hepatic insulin sensitivity in a mechanism similar to fat feeding, via attenuated IRS/PI3K/Akt signaling and decreased PGC-1 alpha expression. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A short-term intervention trial with selenate, selenium-enriched yeast and selenium-enriched milk:: effects on oxidative defence regulation; Increased Se intakes have been associated with decreased risk of cancer and CVD. Several mechanisms have been proposed, including antioxidant effects through selenoproteins, induction of carcinogen metabolism and effects on the blood lipid profile. In a 4 x 1 week randomised, double-blind cross-over study, healthy young men supplemented their usual diet with selenate, Se-enriched yeast, Se-enriched milk or placebo (Se dose was 300 mu g/d for selenate and Se-enriched yeast, and about 480 mu g/d for Se-enriched milk) followed by 8-week washout periods. All Se sources increased serum Se levels after supplementation for 1 week. The effect of the organic forms did not differ significantly and both increased serum Se more than selenate. Conversely, thrombocyte glutathione peroxidase (GPX) was increased in the periods where subjects were supplemented with selenate but not in those where they were given Se-enriched yeast or Se-enriched milk. We found no effect on plasma lipid resistance to oxidation, total cholesterol, TAG, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, GPX, glutathione reductase (GR) and glutathione S-transferase (GST) activities measured in erythrocytes, GPX and GR activities determined in plasma, or GR and GST activities in thrombocytes. Leucocyte expression of genes encoding selenoproteins (GPX1, TrR1 and SelP), and of electrophile response element-regulated genes (GCLC, Fra1 and NQO1) were likewise unaffected at all time points following intervention. We conclude that thrombocyte GPX is specifically increased by short-term selenate supplementation, but not by short-term supplementation with organic Se. Short-term Se supplementation does not seem to affect blood lipid markers or expression and activity of selected enzymes and a transcription factor involved in glutathione-mediated detoxification and antioxidation.
Prospective evaluation of probiotic and prebiotic supplementation on diabetic health associated with gut microbiota; Background: Gut microbiota are critical for proper metabolic functions. Gut health can often be improved with dietary modulation, especially with probiotic and prebiotic. These supplements can stimulate immune system responses and prevent colonization by pathogen. Many diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, heart diseases, obesity, and cancers, benefit from proper function of intestinal microflora. Diabetes is an endocrine disease typically controlled, at least in part, with dietary intervention. Aims: The current study main aim was to study the potential health benefits of probiotic and prebiotic supplements on the treatment of diabetes. Methods: Male rats were divided into negative and positive control groups. Additional groups were fed 5% of yogurt, gum Arabic or a combination. Total colonic micmbiota, Bifidobacterium spp., Lactobacillus spp., and Clostridium spp., were counted. Blood glucose, lipid profiles, and kidney function, with histology, were analyzed. Results: Gut microflora was significantly improved, especially in rats fed with pro/prebiotics. Serum lipid profiles significantly improved (p <= 0.05) after feeding yogurt and gum Arabic in combination; HDL levels were significantly decreased (p <= 0.05). Kidney function was also significantly enhanced (p <= 0.05) after feeding with this mixture. In conclusion: Yogurt and gum Arabic are highly recommended (level of 5%) for controlling diabetes and improvement of lipid, glucose, and kidney profiles; however, human trials are needed.
Radiation-induced Skin Toxicity in Breast Cancer Patients: A Systematic Review of Randomized Trials; Radiation dermatitis is a common side effect of radiotherapy. Radiation dermatitis has been investigated for decades, and many approaches have been proposed to limit its incidence and severity. The purpose of the present systematic review was to summarize the approaches and findings of studies testing various methods for management of radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients. Medline, Cochrane, and Embase were searched for studies pertaining to radiation-induced skin toxicity in breast cancer patients. The search results were limited to randomized trials of external beam radiotherapy conducted in humans and reported in the English language. The primary outcome was the incidence or severity of radiation dermatitis. Descriptive statistical analyses were performed. A total of 96 studies were included in the present review. These evaluated the effect of different radiotherapy techniques, topical treatments, supplements, skin care regimens, and treatments on radiation dermatitis. Few topical agents and oral supplements demonstrated their effectiveness across the randomized trials; however, various radiotherapy techniques, such as intensity-modulated radiotherapy, hypofractionated radiotherapy, accelerated partial breast irradiation, simultaneous integrated boost, and prone positioning consistently demonstrated decreased rates of radiation dermatitis, despite the limited number of studies in which they were evaluated. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Neonatal lipopolysaccharide exposure does not diminish the innate immune response to a subsequent lipopolysaccharide challenge in Holstein bull calves; The innate immune response following experimental mastitis is quite variable between individual dairy cattle. An inflammatory response that minimizes collateral damage to the mammary gland while still effectively resolving the infection following pathogen exposure is beneficial to dairy producers. The ability of a lipopolysaccharide (LPS) exposure in early life to generate a low-responding phenotype and thus reduce the inflammatory response to a later-life LPS challenge was investigated in neonatal hull calves. Ten Holstein bull calves were randomly assigned to either an early life LPS (ELL) group (n = 5) or an early life saline (ELS) group (n = 5). At 7 d of age, calves received either LPS or saline, and at 32 d of age, all calves were challenged with an intravenous dose of LPS to determine the effect of the early life treatment (LPS or saline) on the immune response generated toward a subsequent LPS challenge. Dermal fibroblast and monocyte-derived macrophage cultures from each calf were established at age 20 and 27 d, respectively, to model sustained effects from the early life LPS exposure on gene expression and protein production of components within the ITS response pathway. The ELL calves had greater levels of plasma IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor-a than the ELS calves following the early life LPS or saline treatments. However, levels of these 2 immune markers were similar between ELL and ELS calves when both groups were subsequently challenged with LPS. A comparison of the in vitro LPS responses of the ELL and ELS calves revealed similar patterns of protein production and gene expression following an LPS challenge of both dermal fibroblast and monocyte-derived macrophage cultures established from the treatment groups. Whereas an early life exposure to LPS did not result in a dampened inflammatory response toward a later LPS challenge in these neonatal hull calves, the potential that exposure to inflammation or stress in early life or in utero can create an offspring with a low-responding phenotype as an adult is intriguing and has been documented in rodents. Further work is needed to determine if an inflammatory exposure in utero in a dairy animal would result in a low-responding innate immune phenotype.
Sexual Dysfunction and Aromatase Inhibitor Use in Survivors of Breast Cancer; Aromatase inhibitors (Als) are now an integral component in the management of postmenopausal adjuvant therapy for breast cancer in women with hormone receptor-positive disease; however, the Al-associated reduction in estrogen levels can increase vaginal/vulvar symptoms and adversely influence sexual function. Although non-hormone-containing local agents with demonstrated efficacy are available, optimal therapy for estrogen deprivation-associated vaginal/vulvar symptoms might require local or systemic estrogen use. However, the safety of systemic estrogen use in the breast cancer setting, especially for women on Als, has been challenged by recent randomized clinical trial evidence. In addition, maintenance of estrogen levels in the postmenopausal range cannot be assured with local estrogen use. Thus, for postmenopausal women with limiting vaginal/vulvar symptoms on adjuvant Als that are not manageable with non-hormone-containing agents, a switch to tamoxifen might be preferred rather than adding local or systemic estrogens to the Al regimen.
Overall treatment success after treatment of primary superficial basal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized trials; Background Several noninvasive treatment modalities are available for superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC). Objectives This systematic review aims to determine residue, recurrence and tumour-free survival probabilities of patients with primary sBCC treated with the currently most frequently used therapies. Methods The PubMed (January 1946 to October 2010), EMBASE (January 1989 to October 2010) and Cochrane (January 1993 to October 2010) databases, and reference lists were searched without date restriction. Inclusion criteria were studies that included primary, histologically proven sBCCs, that reported on residue and/or recurrence probabilities after treatment, and had a minimum follow-up period of 12 weeks. Both randomized and nonrandomized studies were included. The primary and secondary outcomes were the probability of complete response and tumour-free survival, respectively. Two independent reviewers selected 36 studies (14 randomized and 22 nonrandomized), and extracted residue, cumulative recurrence and tumour-free survival probabilities. Results Pooled estimates of percentages of sBCC with complete response at 12 weeks post-treatment, derived from 28 studies, were 86.2% [95% confidence interval (CI) 82-90%] for imiquimod treatment, and 79.0% (95% CI 71-87%) for photodynamic therapy (PDT). With respect to tumour-free survival at 1 year, the pooled estimates derived from 23 studies were 87.3% for imiquimod (95% CI 84-91%) and 84.0% for PDT (95% CI 78-90%). Only a small number of studies reported on the results of sBCC treatment with 5-fluorouracil (one), surgical excision (one) and cryotherapy (two). Conclusions Pooled estimates from randomized and nonrandomized studies showed similar tumour-free survival at 1 year for imiquimod and PDT. The PDT tumour-free survival was higher in studies with repeated treatments. However, these results were largely derived from nonrandomized studies, and randomized studies with head-to-head comparison of imiquimod and PDT are lacking. There is a need for head-to-head comparison studies between PDT, imiquimod and other treatments with long-term follow-up to enable better recommendations for optimal sBCC treatment.
Photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolevulinate vs surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma -: Results of a multicenter randomized prospective trial; Background: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is increasingly used as a noninvasive treatment for nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC), without a sound evidence base. Objective: To compare topical PDT, with the use of the sensitizer methyl aminolevulinate, and standard excision surgery in nodular BCC. Design: Prospective, randomized study. Setting: University dermatology departments. Patients: A total of 101 adults with previously untreated nodular BCC. Interventions: Patients received methyl aminolevulinate PDT (n = 52) or surgery (n = 49). The PDT was given twice, 7 days apart, with methyl aminolevulinate cream (160 mg/g) and 75 J/cm(2) red light (570-670 nm). Thirteen patients with a noncomplete response to PDT at 3 months (24% lesions) were retreated. Outcome Measures: Primary end point was clinically assessed lesion clearance at 3 months after treatment. Secondary end points were sustained response rate at 12 months and cosmetic outcome at 3 and 12 months. Results: Data from 97 patients (105 lesions) were included in the 3-month per-protocol analysis. Complete response rates did not differ significantly between groups (51/52 [98%] lesions with surgery vs 48/53 [91%] lesions with methyl aminolevulinate PDT; difference [95% confidence interval], 4.8% (-3.4% to 13.0%1; P = .25). At 12 months, tumor-free rates were 50 (96%) of 52 lesions with surgery vs 44 (83%) of 53 with methyl aminolevulinate PDT (P = .15). More patients treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT than surgery had an excellent or good cosmetic outcome at all time points (significant at 12 and 24 months on patient assessment, P < .05, and at 3, 12, and 24 months on investigator evaluation, P < .001). At 24 months, 5 lesions that had initially cleared with methyl aminolevulinate PDT had recurred, compared with I after surgery. Conclusions: Methyl aminolevulinate PDT is an effective treatment for nodular BCC, and while there is a trend for higher recurrence with this modality, it conveys the advantage over surgery of better cosmesis.
Evaluation of the Quality of Evidence of the Association of Foods and Nutrients With Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes A Systematic Review; IMPORTANCE Poor diet is a leading global factor associated with cardiometabolic disease (CMD). Understanding the quality of evidence of the associations between specific dietary factors and CMD, including effect size (relative risk [RR]) and uncertainty, is essential to guide policy and consumer actions to achieve healthy diet and public health goals. OBJECTIVE To assess the quality of evidence of the associations between specific dietary factors and CMD as well as the quantitative evidence for RRs and the uncertainty of these risk estimates. EVIDENCE REVIEW PubMed and the reference lists of eligible articles were searched between May 1, 2015, and February 26, 2021, for systematic reviews with meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials and prospective cohort studies that analyzed the consumption of 1 or more of the dietary factors of interest; reported dose-response meta-analyses; included healthy adults; and assessed 1 or more of the outcomes of interest. Study characteristics and RR estimates were extracted in duplicate. For identified associations, quality of evidence was assessed using the Bradford-Hill criteria for causation. FINDINGS A total of 2058 potentially relevant reports were identified, from which 285 full-text articles were assessed for eligibility. The final selection of articles included 28 meta-analyses representing 62 associations between diet and CMD. Among these associations, 10 foods, 3 beverages, and 12 nutrients had at least probable evidence of associations with coronary heart disease, stroke, and/or diabetes. Most RRs ranged from 0.87 to 0.96 per daily serving change for protective associations and from 1.06 to 1.15 per daily serving change for harmful associations. Most identified associations were protective (n = 38) and a smaller number were harmful (n = 24), with a higher risk associated with higher intake. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE This systematic review summarized the current quality of evidence of the associations of specific dietary factors with coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. These findings may inform dietary guidance, the assessment of disease burden in specific populations, policy setting, and future research.
Dietary intake and risk of postmenopausal breast cancer (United States); Objectives: While there is good evidence from cell-culture and animal studies to indicate that dietary intake impacts breast cancer risk, results of epidermologic studies have been inconsistent. Additionally, while the etiology of breast cancer in premenopausal versus postmenopausal women may be quite different, most studies have not chosen to focus solely on one group or the other. In this case-control Study, we evaluate the associations between red meat, fish, dairy products, and fruits and vegetables, and risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women. Methods: A food-frequency questionnaire was completed by 441 women with in-situ or invasive breast cancer and 370 population controls. Cases were identified from the population-based Cancer Surveillance System (CSS) of western Washington and frequency age-matched controls identified by random-digit dialing (RDD). Unconditional logistic regression was used to model the association between each food grouping and breast cancer risk adjusting for age, number of pregnancies, and education. Results: Red meat intake was significantly associated with an increased breast cancer risk (p for trend = 0.002) and fish (including fried fish) and dairy product intake was inversely associated with breast cancer risk (l) for trend = 0.04 and 0.05, respectively). No significant associations were noted betwen fruit or vegetable intake and breast cancer risk. Conclusions: The findings from this study support the results of several larger cohort studies and contribute to the evidence for the development of dietary recommendations for breast cancer risk reduction specific to postmenopausal women.
Role of Diet in Colorectal Cancer Incidence Umbrella Review of Meta-analyses of Prospective Observational Studies; IMPORTANCE Several meta-analyses have summarized evidence for the association between dietary factors and the incidence of colorectal cancer (CRC). However, to date, there has been little synthesis of the strength, precision, and quality of this evidence in aggregate. OBJECTIVE To grade the evidence from published meta-analyses of prospective observational studies that assessed the association of dietary patterns, specific foods, food groups, beverages (including alcohol), macronutrients, and micronutrients with the incidence of CRC. DATA SOURCES MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched from database inception to September 2019. EVIDENCE REVIEW Only meta-analyses of prospective observational studies with a cohort study design were eligible. Evidence of association was graded according to established criteria as follows: convincing, highly suggestive, suggestive, weak, or not significant. RESULTS From 9954 publications, 222 full-text articles (2.2%) were evaluated for eligibility, and 45 meta-analyses (20.3%) that described 109 associations between dietary factors and CRC incidence were selected. Overall, 35 of the 109 associations (32.1%) were nominally statistically significant using random-effects meta-analysis models; 17 associations (15.6%) demonstrated large heterogeneity between studies (I-2 > 50%), whereas small-study effects were found for 11 associations (10.1%). Excess significance bias was not detected for any association between diet and CRC. The primary analysis identified 5 (4.6%) convincing, 2 (1.8%) highly suggestive, 10 (9.2%) suggestive, and 18 (16.5%) weak associations between diet and CRC, while there was no evidence for 74 (67.9%) associations. There was convincing evidence of an association of intake of red meat (high vs low) and alcohol (>= 4 drinks/d vs 0 or occasional drinks) with the incidence of CRC and an inverse association of higher vs lower intakes of dietary fiber, calcium, and yogurt with CRC risk. The evidence for convincing associations remained robust following sensitivity analyses. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE This umbrella review found convincing evidence of an association between lower CRC risk and higher intakes of dietary fiber, dietary calcium, and yogurt and lower intakes of alcohol and red meat. More research is needed on specific foods for which evidence remains suggestive, including other dairy products, whole grains, processed meat, and specific dietary patterns.
The Effect of Soy Protein Beverages on Serum Cell Adhesion Molecule Concentrations in Prehypertensive/Stage 1 Hypertensive Individuals; Objective: Prehypertensive and hypertensive individuals are at increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD), in part because hypertension contributes to endothelial dysfunction and increased cell adhesion molecule expression. Soy protein and isoflavones may favorably alter CVD risk factors, and hence the aim of this study was to determine whether intake of cow's milk compared with soy beverage prepared from whole soy bean (WSB) or soy protein isolate (SPI) would lower soluble cell adhesion molecule concentrations as a means of decreasing CVD risk. Methods: We enrolled healthy prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive men (n = 60; 18-63 years) and premenopausal women (n = 8; 20-48 years). Participants were randomized to 1 of 3 groups for 8 weeks: cow's milk (600 mL/d), SPI beverage (840 mL/d; 30.1 mg total isoflavones/d), or WSB beverage (840 mL/d; 91.4 mg total isoflavones/d). We measured soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and endothelial-leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 (E-selectin) concentrations at baseline and week 8. Results: Soluble CAM concentrations were not altered by treatment and did not differ between prehypertensive and hypertensive participants. However, analysis of variance indicated a treatment X gender interaction (gender effect) for ICAM-1 (p = 0.0037) but not for E-selectin (p = 0.067) or VCAM-1 (p = 0.16). Men had higher concentrations of ICAM-1 and E-selectin, respectively, at baseline (p = 0.0071, p = 0.049) and week 8 (p = 0.0054, p = 0.038) than women did. Conclusion: Neither intake of cow's milk nor soy beverage for 8 weeks altered soluble CAM concentrations in prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive individuals, suggesting that neither type of beverage diminished atherosclerotic CVD risk in mildly hypertensive individuals by way of improving circulating CAM concentrations.
Diet, serum insulin-like growth factor-I and IGF-binding protein-3 in European women; Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the relationship of diet with serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 in women. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting and subjects: The population are 2109 women who were control subjects in a case-control study of breast cancer nested in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. Control subjects were randomly chosen among risk sets consisting of female cohort members alive and free of cancer (except non-melanoma skin cancer) at the time of diagnosis of the index case. Matching criteria were age at enrolment, follow-up time, time of the day of blood collection and study centre. Diet was measured through validated questionnaires. Serum hormone concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. The relationship between serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and intake of nutrients and foods was explored by linear regression in models adjusted for energy intake, age, body mass index, smoking, physical activity, centre and laboratory batch. Results: Serum IGF-I levels were positively related to protein intake (P-trend < 0.001), but not related to energy, fat or carbohydrate intake. Positive relationships were observed with the intake of milk (P-trend = 0.007), calcium (P-trend < 0.001), magnesium (P-trend = 0.003), phosphorus (P-trend < 0.001), potassium (P-trend = 0.002), vitamin B6 (P-trend = 0.03), vitamin B2 (P-trend = 0.001) and inverse relationships with vegetables (P-trend = 0.02) and beta-carotene (P-trend = 0.02). IGFBP-3 was not related with most of the nutrients and foods in this study. Conclusions: In this population, circulating IGF-I is modestly related with the intake of protein and minerals, and with milk and cheese, while IGFBP-3 does not appear to be related with diet.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory peptides from a lactotripeptide-enriched milk beverage are absorbed intact into the circulation; Food products containing angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory peptides reportedly play a role in treatment of mild hypertension. The aim of this placebo-controlled crossover study was to assess the bioavailability of Ile-Pro-Pro and 7 other ACE-inhibiting peptides present in a lactotripeptide (LTP)-enriched yogurt beverage and whether meal intake affects Ile-Pro-Pro bioavailability. Six male and female subjects randomly consumed an LTP-enriched yogurt beverage or a placebo in the fasted state and an LTP-enriched yogurt beverage in the fed or fasted state. The area under the curve (AUC) of Ile-Pro-Pro after the LTP treatment in the fasted state was 2.1-fold of that after the placebo treatment (P < 0.001). The maximum peptide plasma concentration (C-max) value was greater after consumption of the LTP-enriched beverage (897 +/- 157 pmol/L) than after the placebo treatment (555 +/- 0.09 pmol/L; P < 0.001) with a greater time after ingestion when reaching C-max, (T-max) in the placebo treatment. Plasma concentrations of the peptides Leu-Trp, Phe-Tyr, Ile-Tyr, and Leu-Pro-Pro increased compared with baseline (P < 0.05) in the LTP-enriched and placebo treatment when consumed in the fasted state. However, A C-max values differed significantly between the placebo and LTP-enriched treatment only for Leu-Pro-Pro. Meal intake affected Ile-Pro-Pro concentrations. When the beverage was consumed after a meal, the AUC of Ile-Pro-Pro was 1.3-fold (P < 0.05) of the AUC derived from premeal intake. This was due to an increase in the plasma elimination half-life (P < 0.05); C-max and T-max were not affected by meal intake. In summary, this is the first demonstration, to our knowledge, that the tripeptide Ile-Pro-Pro selectively escapes from intestinal degradation and reaches the circulation undegraded.
Scientific Opinion on the substantiation of health claims related to isoleucine-proline-proline (IPP) and valine-proline-proline (VPP) and maintenance of normal blood pressure (ID 615, 661, 1831, 1832, 2891), and maintenance of the elastic properties of the arteries (ID 1832) pursuant to Article 13(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006; Following a request from the European Commission, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to provide a scientific opinion on a list of health claims pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation 1924/2006. This opinion addresses the scientific substantiation of health claims in relation to the tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline (IPP) and valine-proline-proline (VPP) and the following claimed effects: maintenance of blood pressure and maintenance of the elastic properties of the arteries. The scientific substantiation is based on the information provided by the Member States in the consolidated list of Article 13 health claims and references that EFSA has received from Member States or directly from stakeholders. The Panel assumes that the food constituent that is the subject of the health claims is the tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline (IPP) and valine-proline-proline (VPP), which can be measured in foods by established methods. The Panel considers that the food constituent, tripeptides IPP and VPP, which is the subject of the health claims is sufficiently characterised. Maintenance of normal blood pressure (ID 615, 661, 1831, 1832, 2861) The claimed effects are "blood pressure", "cardiovascular system" and "ACE inhibitor". The Panel assumes that the target population is the general population. In the context of the proposed wordings, the Panel notes that the claimed effect relates to the maintenance of a normal blood pressure. The Panel considers that maintenance of a normal blood pressure is beneficial to human health. In weighing the evidence, the Panel took into account that, although some small studies have observed a significant decrease in systolic blood pressure with the administration of lactotripeptides at doses around 5mg/d in untreated pre-hypertensive or moderately hypertensive subjects, these results have not been supported by large intervention trials providing daily doses of lactotripeptides in the range of 2.7 mg to 14 mg in either normotensive or untreated hypertensive subjects. On the basis of the data available, the Panel concludes that the evidence presented is insufficient to establish a cause and effect relationship between the consumption of the tripeptides VPP and IPP and the maintenance of normal blood pressure. Maintenance of the elastic properties of the arteries (ID 1832) The claimed effect is "cardiovascular system". The Panel assumes that the target population is the general population. In the context of the proposed wordings, the Panel notes that the claimed effect relates to the maintenance of the elastic properties of the arteries. The Panel considers that the maintenance of the elastic properties of the arteries is beneficial to human health. Only one scientific reference has been cited reporting the effects of the tripeptides IPP and VPP on measures of arterial stiffness in humans. The study did not use a generally accepted method for the assessment of arterial stiffness, differences in changes between the intervention and the control groups were not reported, and the study was not sufficiently controlled for confounders. On the basis of the data available, the Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the consumption of the tripeptides VPP and IPP and the maintenance of the elastic properties of the arteries
Topical Topiramate Improves Wound Healing in an Animal Model of Hyperglycemia; Wound healing is severely affected in hyperglycemia and other metabolic conditions. Finding new therapeutic approaches that accelerate wound healing and improve the quality of the scar may reduce the morbidity commonly associated with skin lesions in diabetes. This study evaluated the effect of topical topiramate (TPM) on wound healing in C57 mice. Streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemic mice were subjected to a wound on the back and randomly allocated for treatment with either vehicle or topical TPM cream (2%) once a day for 14 days. Polymerase chain reaction, Western blotting, and microscopy were performed for the analysis. TPM improved wound healing (complete resolution at Day 10, 98% +/- 5 for TPM vs. 81% +/- 28 for vehicle), increased organization and deposition of collagen Type I, and enhanced the quality of the scars as determined by microscopy. In addition, TPM modulated the expression of cytokines and proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway: In early wound-healing stages, expression of interleukin-10, an anti-inflammatory marker, increased, whereas at the late phase, the pro-inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor-alpha and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 increased and there was increased expression of a vascular endothelial growth factor. Proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway were stimulated in the late wound-healing phase. Topical TPM improves the quality of wound healing in an animal model of hyperglycemia. The effect of TPM is accompanied by modulation of inflammatory and growth factors and proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway. Therefore, topical TPM presents as a potential therapeutic agent in skin wounds in patients with hyperglycemia.
Laminar Inflammation Responses in the Oligofructose Overload Induced Model of Bovine Laminitis; Bovine laminitis causes substantial economic losses and animal welfare problems in dairy farms worldwide. Previously published studies have reported that the inflammatory response plays a central role in the pathogenesis of the disease. To our knowledge, inflammation associated with bovine laminitis induced by high levels of exposure to oligofructose (OF) has not been reported and characterized. In fact, the disease manifestations in this model closely approximate those of clinical laminitis. The objective of this study was to characterize the inflammatory response in OF-induced bovine laminitis. A total of 12 Chinese Holstein dairy heifers were utilized in this study. The heifers were randomly divided into two groups, treatment (n= 6) and control (n= 6). The treatment group heifers were administered OF solutions via a stomach tube (dose: 17 g/kg of body weight). Upon development of a lameness score of 2 with consecutive positive reactions in the same claw, they would be humanely euthanized. Control heifers were administered deionized water (dose: 2 L/100 kg of body weight) and humanely euthanized at 72 h. Real-time quantitative PCR (qPCR) assays were performed to determine the messenger RNA (mRNA) concentrations of inflammatory mediators in the lamellae. Concentrations of interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, C-X-C motif chemokine ligand-1 (CXCL-1), macrophage cationic peptide-2 (MCP-2), E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), inducible nitric oxide synthase-1 (iNOS-1), and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) were significantly increased (P< 0.05) in the treatment group. No significant difference was found for tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), IL-10, CXCL-6, and MCP-1. These results demonstrated and characterized the laminar inflammatory response leading to the pathogenesis of bovine laminitis at the early stages.
Heat stress abatement during the dry period influences prolactin signaling in lymphocytes; Heat stress perturbs prolactin (PRL) release and affects dairy cow lactational performance and immune cell function. We hypothesized that greater PRL concentration in plasma of heat-stressed cows relative to cooled cows would decrease expression of prolactin receptor (PRL-R) mRNA and increase mRNA expression of suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) in lymphocytes, altering their cytokine production. To test this hypothesis, multiparous Holstein cows were dried off 46 d before their expected calving date and assigned randomly to heat stress (HT; n = 9) or cooling (CL; n = 7) during the entire dry period. A second study was conducted the following year with an additional 21 cows (12 HT; 9 CL). Lymphocytes were isolated from cows at -46, -20, +2, and +20 d relative to expected calving date and mRNA expression of PRL-R, SOCS-1, SOCS-2, SOCS-3, cytokine-inducible SH2-containing protein (CIS), and heat shock protein 70 KDa AS (HSPAS), and housekeeping genes hydroxymethylbilane synthase (HMBS), ATP synthase, H+ transporting mitochondrial F1 complex, beta subunit (ATP5B), and ribosomal protein S9 (RPS9) was analyzed by quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Cows exposed to HT had greater PRL concentration in plasma compared with CL cows. Measurement of lymphocyte proliferation indicated that lymphocytes of CL cows proliferated more than those from HT cows and exressed more PRL-R mRNA and less SOCS-1 and SOCS-3 mRNA relative to HT cows. Further, lymphocytes from CL cows produced more tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-alpha) than those from HT cows. These results suggest that changes in PRL-signaling pathway genes during heat stress are associated with differential cytokine secretion by lymphocytes and may regulate lymphocyte proliferation in dairy cows. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Faecal microbiota in two-week-old female dairy calves during acute cryptosporidiosis outbreak-Association with systemic inflammatory response; In the present study, relationships between the intestinal microbiota and innate immunity response, acute cryptosporidiosis, and weight gain in female dairy calves were investigated. A total of 112 calves born during a natural outbreak of cryptosporidiosis on one dairy farm was included in the study. Microbiota composition was analysed by means of 16S ribosomal RNA gene amplicon sequencing from faecal samples collected during the second week of life, while the status of Cryptosporidium spp. infection was determined using immunofluorescence. Serum samples from the second week of life were colourimetrically analysed for the following markers of acute inflammation: acute-phase proteins (serum amyloid A and haptoglobin) and pro-inflammatory cytokines (interleukin-1 beta, interleukin-6, and tumour necrosis factor-alpha). Statistical analyses were performed using random forest analysis, variance-partitioning, and negative binomial regression. The faecal microbiota of the two-week old calves was composed of the phyla Firmicutes, Bacteroidetes, Proteobacteria, Fusobacteria, and Actinobacteria (in order of decreasing abundance). Microbial diversity, measured in terms of the Shannon index, increased with the age of the calves and decreased if a high count of Cryptosporidium spp. oocysts was found in the faeces. Fusobacterium was positively associated with Cryptosporidium spp. oocyst count and serum amyloid A concentration. Peptostreptococcus was positively associated with haptoglobin and serum amyloid A concentrations, and negatively associated with average daily weight gain at 9 months of age. The markers of innate immunity, in combination with age, explained 6% of the microbial variation. These results suggest that some components of the intestinal microbiota may have a long-lasting negative effect on animal growth through the stimulation of the systemic innate immune response.
Food of animal origin and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and multiple myeloma: A review of the literature and meta-analysis; Background: Several studies investigated whether the consumption of foods of animal origin affects the risk of haematological malignancies, with conflicting results. To help clarify this issue, we performed a meta-analysis of observational studies published until November 2014 that investigated the association between the consumption of foods of animal origin (red, processed and white meat, fish and seafood, dairy products and eggs) and the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and its major subtypes and multiple myeloma among adults. Methods: We calculated summary relative risks (SRR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) by using random effect models with maximum likelihood estimation. Results: Overall, 16,525 non-Hodgkin lymphoma and 3665 multiple myeloma cases from thirty-three independent studies were included. We found an association between consumption of red meat and the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (SRR 1.22, 95% CI 1.03-1.44, 12 = 35%). The consumption of fish and seafood was inversely associated with the risk of multiple myeloma (SRR 0.71, 95% CI 0.51-1.00,12 = 82%), although the between-studies heterogeneity was high. Finally, the consumption of dairy products was positively associated, with borderline significance, with the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (SRR 1.26, 95% CI 0.99-1.60, I-2 =49%). Conclusions: Foods of animal origin likely play a role in the aetiology of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and multiple myeloma, with red meat and dairy tending to increase the risk, and fish that tends to decrease it. Our findings reinforce the recommendations to reduce the consumption of red meat by replacing it with vegetables, legumes and fish. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Black Tea Increases Circulating Endothelial Progenitor Cells and Improves Flow Mediated Dilatation Counteracting Deleterious Effects from a Fat Load in Hypertensive Patients: A Randomized Controlled Study; (1) Background: Endothelial dysfunction predicts cardiovascular events. Circulating angiogenic cells (CACs) maintain and repair the endothelium regulating its function. Tea flavonoids reduce cardiovascular risk. We investigated the effects of black tea on the number of CACs and on flow-mediated dilation (FMD) before and after an oral fat in hypertensives; (2) Methods: In a randomized, double-blind, controlled, cross-over study, 19 patients were assigned to black tea (150 mg polyphenols) or a placebo twice a day for eight days. Measurements were obtained in a fasted state and after consuming whipping cream, and FMD was measured at baseline and after consumption of the products; (3) Results: Compared with the placebo, black tea ingestion increased functionally active CACs (36 +/- 22 vs. 56 +/- 21 cells per high-power field; p = 0.006) and FMD (5.0% +/- 0.3% vs. 6.6% +/- 0.3%, p < 0.0001). Tea further increased FMD 1, 2, 3, and 4 h after consumption, with maximal response 2 h after intake (p < 0.0001). Fat challenge decreased FMD, while tea consumption counteracted FMD impairment (p < 0.0001); (4) Conclusions: We demonstrated the vascular protective properties of black tea by increasing the number of CACs and preventing endothelial dysfunction induced by acute oral fat load in hypertensive patients. Considering that tea is the most consumed beverage after water, our findings are of clinical relevance and interest.
Nutritional management in newborn babies receiving therapeutic hypothermia: two retrospective observational studies using propensity score matching; Background: Therapeutic hypothermia is standard of care for babies with moderate to severe hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy. There is limited evidence to inform provision of nutrition during hypothermia. Objectives: To assess the association during therapeutic hypothermia between (1) enteral feeding and outcomes, such as necrotising enterocolitis and (2) parenteral nutrition and outcomes, such as late-onset bloodstream infection. Design: A retrospective cohort study using data held in the National Neonatal Research Database and applying propensity score methodology to form matched groups for analysis. Setting: NHS neonatal units in England, Wales and Scotland. Participants: Babies born at >= 36 gestational weeks between 1 January 2010 and 31 December 2017 who received therapeutic hypothermia for 72 hours or who died during treatment. Interventions: Enteral feeding analysis - babies who were enterally fed during therapeutic hypothermia (intervention) compared with babies who received no enteral feeds during therapeutic hypothermia (control). Parenteral nutrition analysis - babies who received parenteral nutrition during therapeutic hypothermia (intervention) compared with babies who received no parenteral nutrition during therapeutic hypothermia (control). Outcome measures: Primary outcomes were severe and pragmatically defined necrotising enterocolitis (enteral feeding analysis) and late-onset bloodstream infection (parenteral nutrition analysis). Secondary outcomes were survival at neonatal discharge, length of neonatal stay, breastfeeding at discharge, onset of breastfeeding, time to first maternal breast milk, hypoglycaemia, number of days with a central line in situ, duration of parenteral nutrition, time to full enteral feeds and growth. Results: A total of 6030 babies received therapeutic hypothermia. Thirty-one per cent of babies received enteral feeds and 25% received parenteral nutrition. Seven babies (0.1%) were diagnosed with severe necrotising enterocolitis, and further comparative analyses were not conducted on this outcome. A total of 3236 babies were included in the matched enteral feeding analysis. Pragmatically defined necrotising enterocolitis was rare in both groups (0.5% vs. 1.1%) and was lower in babies who were fed during hypothermia (rate difference -0.5%, 95% confidence interval -1.0% to -0.1%; p = 0.03). Higher survival to discharge (96.0% vs. 90.8%, rate difference 5.2%, 95% confidence interval 3.9% to 6.6%; p < 0.001) and higher breastfeeding at discharge (54.6% vs. 46.7%, rate difference 8.0%, 95% confidence interval 5.1% to 10.8%; p < 0.001) rates were observed in enterally fed babies who also had a shorter neonatal stay (mean difference -2.2 days, 95% confidence interval -3.0 to -1.2 days). A total of 2480 babies were included in the matched parenteral nutrition analysis. Higher levels of late-onset bloodstream infection were seen in babies who received parenteral nutrition (0.3% vs. 0.9%, rate difference 0.6%, 95% confidence interval 0.1% to 1.2%; p = 0.03). Survival was lower in babies who did not receive parenteral nutrition (90.0% vs. 93.1%, rate difference 3.1%, 95% confidence interval 1.5% to 4.7%; p < 0.001). Limitations: Propensity score methodology can address imbalances in observed confounders only. Residual confounding by unmeasured or poorly recorded variables cannot be ruled out. We did not analyse by type or volume of enteral or parenteral nutrition. Conclusions: Necrotising enterocolitis is rare in babies receiving therapeutic hypothermia, and the introduction of enteral feeding is associated with a lower risk of pragmatically defined necrotising enterocolitis and other beneficial outcomes, including rates of higher survival and breastfeeding at discharge. Receipt of parenteral nutrition during therapeutic hypothermia is associated with a higher rate of late-onset infection but lower mortality. These results support introduction of enteral feeding during therapeutic hypothermia. Future work: Randomised trials to assess parenteral nutrition during therapeutic hypothermia.
<i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</i> var. <i>boulardii</i> CNCM I-1079 and <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> BT1386 influence innate immune response and serum levels of acute-phase proteins during weaning in Holstein calves; The aims of this study were to investigate the effect of Saccharomyces cerevisiae var. boulardii CNCM I-1079 (SCB) or Lactobacillus acidophilus BT1386 (LA) on (1) innate immune response, (2) markers of acute-phase reaction, and (3) immune gene expression of rumen and ileum tissues of Holstein calves. Forty eight calves (similar to 5 d old) were randomly allocated to four treatments as follows: (1) control (CTRL) fed milk replacer followed by starter feed, (2) CTRL supplemented with SCB in milk and feed, (3) CTRL supplemented with LA in milk and feed, and (4) CTRL supplemented with antibiotics (ATB; chlortetracycline and neomycin in milk, and chlortetracycline in feed). Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) decreased (P < 0.05) on day 66 (post-weaning) for the ATB-treated calves. There were no treatment effects on production of interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) and interleukin 6 (IL-6) proteins and on expression of TLR4, TLR6, TLR9, TLRI0, CLDN3, MUC1, and MUC20 genes. Calves fed SCB or LA had a greater (P < 0.05) oxidative burst at weaning (day 53) compared with CTRL. Oxidative burst was also greater (P < 0.05) after weaning (day 59 and day 87) for SCB-fed calves. Calves fed SCB and ATB had higher (P < 0.05) phagocytosis activity during weaning (day 47) compared with CTRL. The concentration of serum amyloid A2 (SAA2) increased (P < 0.05) in SCB- and LA-fed calves (day 53), whereas the concentration of C-reactive protein (CRP) increased (P < 0.05) in SCB-fed calves during weaning as compared with CTRL. Our results suggest that SCB could improve innate immune response (oxidative burst and phagocytosis) and markers of acute-phase reaction (CRP and SAA2), especially during critical periods like weaning.
Gastrointestinal microbiota and mucosal immune gene expression in neonatal pigs reared in a cross-fostering model; Cross fostering is employed to equalize the number of piglet between litters ensuring colostrum intake for their survival and growth. However, little is known about the impact of cross fostering on the intestinal microbiota and mucosal immune gene expression of the neonatal pig. The objective of this study was to determine the influence of maternal microbial communities on the gastrointestinal (GI) microbiota and mucosal immune gene expression in young pigs reared in a cross-fostering model. Piglets were given high quality colostrum from birth dam or foster dam upon birth. Twenty-four piglets were randomly assigned at birth to 1 of 3 treatments according to colostrum source and postcolostral milk feeding during, as follow: treatment 1 (n = 8), received colostrum and post-colostral milk feeding from their own dam; treatment 2 (n = 8), received colostrum from foster dam and returned to their own dam for post-colostral milk feeding; and treatment 3 (n = 8), received colostrum and post-colostral milk feeding from foster dam. Genomic DNA was extracted, and the V1-V3 hypervariable region of the bacterial 16S rRNA gene was amplified and sequenced using the Illumina MiSeq platform. Quantitative real-time PCR analysis was also performed to quantify the expression of toll-like receptors (TLR) 2, TLR 4, TLR 10, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), interferon gamma (IFN gamma), and interleukin (IL) 4 and IL 10. Data analysis revealed that microbial communities were varied according to the GI biogeographical location, with colon being the most diverse section. Bacterial communities in both maternal colostrum and vaginal samples were significantly associated with those present in the fecal samples of piglets. Cross-fostering did not affect bacterial communities present in the piglet GI tract. However, the mRNA expression of TLR and inflammatory cytokines changed (P < 0.05) with biogeographical location in the GI tract, Higher mRNA expression of TLR and inflammatory cytokines was observed in ileum and ileum associated lymph tissues. This study suggests an impact of colostrum and maternal microbial communities on the microbiota development and mucosal immune gene expression in the newly born piglet. This study revealed novel information about the distribution and expression patterns of TLR and inflammatory cytokines in the GI tract of the young pig. Future studies are needed to determine the role and clinical importance of the mucosal microbiota and mucosal gene expression in health, productivity, and susceptibility to the development of GI disease, in piglets.
Meta-analysis of the association between nut consumption and the risks of cancer incidence and cancer-specific mortalicy; Previous studies have indicated a correlation between nut intake and cancer risk in humans. This meta-analysis aimed to determine the relationship between nut consumption and the risks of cancer incidence and mortality. The PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases were searched up to August 2019. Relative risks and 95% confidence intervals were calculated using random-effects and fixed-effects models. We included 38 studies on nut consumption and cancer risk and 9 studies on cancer-specific mortality. Compared with no nut intake, nut intake was associated with a lower cancer risk (Relative Risk=0.90; 95% confidence interval, 0.86-0.94). Inverse associations were observed with colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, and lung cancer in subgroup analyses. Tree nut consumption was found to reduce cancer risk (Relative Risk=0.88; 95% confidence interval, 0.79-0.99). Dose-response curves suggested that protective benefits against cancer increased with increased nut intake (P=0.005, P-nonlinearity=0.0414). An inverse correlation with cancer-specific mortality (Odd Ratio=0.90; 95% confidence interval, 0.88-0.92) was observed. In conclusion, nut consumption is inversely associated with the risks of cancer incidence and mortality; a higher intake is significantly associated with a lower cancer risk.
Recalcitrant verrucous lesion - Verrucous hyperplasia or Epithelioma cuniculatum (Verrucous carcinoma); A 37-year-old woman originally presented in May 2003 with a nonhealing, painless ulcer on the plantar surface of her right foot that had been slowly increasing in size for the previous 1.5 years. Two weeks before presentation, a biopsy of the lesion, performed at another institution, had indicated a probable verrucous carcinoma. After preoperative workup, the patient underwent resection of the lesion, with clear margins and full-thickness skin grafting. The final pathologic findings were not consistent with verrucous carcinoma. A recurrent lesion was noted during a follow-up visit, and a second biopsy revealed a hyperkeratotic papillomatous verrucous lesion, type unclassified. No viral particles were isolated in the random biopsy samples. This recurrent lesion was refractory to treatment with topical acyclovir. Subsequent treatments consisted of imiquimod and CO2 laser ablation, which succeeded in reducing the lesion. Verrucous lesions can be frustrating, and the diagnosis of epithelioma cuniculatum can be difficult to prove. We report a case highly suggestive of but not definitively diagnosed as epithelioma cuniculatum and summarize the literature on this entity.
Association between nut consumption and cancer risk: a meta-analysis; This study aims to conduct a meta-analysis and dose-response analysis of the relationship between nut intake and cancer risk and mortality. Electronic databases were searched. A meta-analysis was conducted to calculate the pooled effect sizes (ESs) with the corresponding 95% CIs, and a dose-response analysis was performed. A random-effects model was used in the statistical analysis. Two independent reviewers completed the full-text screening, data extraction, and quality assessment. We included 17 articles in the present meta-analysis. Total nuts intake was revealed to be significantly associated with reduced cancer risk (ES: 0.9; 95% CI: 0.86-0.95; P < 0.001) and cancer mortality (ES: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.85-0.92, P < 0.001), especially lung cancer risk (ES: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.81-0.91, P < 0.001) and gastric cancer risk (ES: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.68-0.91, P = 0.001). Moreover, a 10 g/d increment of tree nuts consumption was associated with a 20% cancer mortality reduction (ES: 0.80; 95% CI: 0.71-0.89; P < 0.0001). Nuts intake is significantly associated with the reduction of cancer risk and mortality. Especially, nuts intake is significantly associated with reduced lung cancer risk and gastric cancer risk. Noticeably, a 10 g/d increase in tree nuts intake is related to a 20% reduction in overall cancer mortality.
ACTIVATION OF INT-1 AND INT-2 LOCI IN GRF MAMMARY-TUMORS; The Mtv-2 locus is known to be associated with a high mammary tumor incidence (97%) and early development of mammary tumors (3-13 months) in GR mice. However, it was not previously known whether the provirus which resides at the Mtv-2 locus is tumorigenic in and of itself or whether reintegration of proviruses generated from Mtv-2 is required for tumorigenesis. Foster-nursing GR mice on C57/BL mice eliminates the milk-borne source of GR virus, and allows the study of Mtv-2 derived proviruses  alone. Using this approach, we have tested predictions which follow from the "positional" versus "reintegrational" models of tumorigenesis. Specifically, we have examined tumors from primary foster-nursed (GRf) mice to determine if MMTV proviruses derived from Mtv-2 were scattered randomly throughout the genome or were clustered in the vicinity of the int-1 and int-2 loci, which are thought to be associated with mammary tumorigenesis. It was found that the majority of spontaneous GRf mammary  tumors that were tested have MMTV proviral integrations in either or both of the int-1 and int-2 loci and have transcription of either or both of the int loci. Tumors induced by Mtv-2, therefore, appear to have arisen via a mechanism similar to the activation of the int loci by exogenous (milk-borne) MMTV proviruses.
Unesterified plant sterols and stanols do not affect LDL electrophoretic characteristics in hypercholesterolemic subjects; The extent to which sterols and stanols modulate LDL particle size is unknown. We examined the effects of supplementation with unesterified plant sterols and stanols on several LDL electrophoretic characteristics. Healthy hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 14) consumed each of four experimental diets contained plant sterols (S), plant stanols (SN), a 50:50 mixture of sterols and stanols (SSN), or corn-starch (control) in a randomized crossover design. The butter component of the diet was blended with unesterified sterols and stanols at a dose of 1.8 g/d. The LDL particles were characterized by polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis of whole plasma. LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations decreased by 8.8,13.6, and 13.1% in the S, SN, and SSN groups, respectively (P < 0.01) with a significant increase of 4.3% in the control group. None of the treatments with sterols and stanols induced significant changes in LDL peak particle diameter or in the cholesterol levels of the small LDL subfraction (<25.5 rim). The reduction in plasma LDL-C levels with SN consumption was due mainly to a decrease (P < 0.05) in the concentration of cholesterol in the large subfraction (>26.0 nm). The significant reduction in plasma LDL-C concentrations by sterol and stanol consumption in subjects was not paralleled by any beneficial changes in LDL electrophoretic characteristics.
Neuroprotective effects of consuming bovine colostrum after focal brain ischemia/reperfusion injury in rat model; To investigate the neuroprotective effects of bovine colostrums (BC), we evaluate the ability of consuming BC after focal brain ischemia/reperfusion injury rat model to reduce serum cytokine levels and infarct volume, and improve neurological outcome. Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into 4 groups; one sham operation and three experimental groups. In the experimental groups, MCA occlusion (2 h) and subsequent reperfusion (O/R) were induced with regional cerebral blood flow monitoring. One hour after MCAO/R and once daily during the experiment, the experimental group received BC while the other groups received 0.9% saline or low fat milk (LFM) orally. Seven days later, serum pro-inflammatory cytokine (IL-1 beta, IL-6, and TNF-alpha) and anti-inflammatory cytolcine (IL-10) levels were assessed. Also, the infarct volume was assessed by using a computerized image analysis system. Behavioral function was also assessed using a modified neurologic severity score and corner tum test during the experiment. Rats receiving BC after focal brain I/R showed a significant reduction (-26%/-22%) in infarct volume compared to LFM/saline rats, respectively (P < 0.05). Serum IL-1 beta, IL-6, and TNF-alpha levels were decreased significantly in rats receiving BC compared to LFM/saline rats (P < 0.05). In behavioral tests, daily BC intake showed consistent and significant improvement of neurological deficits for 7 days after MCAO/R. BC ingestion after focal brain ischemia/reperfusion injury may prevent brain injury by reducing serum pro-inflammatory cytolcine levels and brain infarct volume in a rat model.
IMPACT OF A WORKSITE CANCER PREVENTION PROGRAM ON EATING PATTERNS OF WORKERS; Changes in the consumption of foods targeted by a cancer prevention intervention based on seven food-focused messages were measured in Treatwell, a randomized, controlled worksite nutrition intervention study aimed at reducing dietary fat and increasing dietary fiber. Changes in food intake of employees in five sites fully implementing the intervention were compared with those in eight control sites in order to assess the impact of the intervention on eating behavior. Food intake was measured using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Some messages addressed consumption of one food, and others three or four foods in a category. Fourteen foods representing the seven messages from the FFQ and summary questions were analyzed. The intervention messages were delivered to workers through activities such as classes on nutrition and weight management, taste tests, food demonstrations, and point-of-purchase nutrition education programs. A total of 1762 workers responded both to the baseline and the follow-up surveys. The reported change values represent the average of the mean worksite values, thereby assigning equal weight to each worksite, which served as the unit of analysis. Workers in companies where the full intervention was implemented decreased their use of margarine and butter as spreads (p<0.01) and increased their intake of vegetables (p<0.02) significantly more than did workers in control companies. There also was a suggestion of trends in the hypothesized direction for consumption of foods targeted by other eating pattern messages in intervention compared with control companies.
Effect of ear-acupoint pressing and Ear Apex (HX<sub>6,7</sub>) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan depression pattern; To explore the therapeutical effect of ear-acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan (Liver) depression pattern. A total of 180 chloasma patients were randomly assigned to three groups, 60 cases in each. Patients in the earacupuncture (EA) group were treated with ear-acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting; vitamins C and E were put into practice in the Western medicine (WM) group together with 0.025% tretinoin cream for local external application; patients in the placebo group were treated with urea-cream by external use, while 30 healthy volunteers were in the control group. After a treatment course of 2 months, the changes of haemorheology, injury skin area, colour score and symptom score before and after the treatment were observed. There was no significant difference on whole blood reduced viscosity (high shear, medium shear, and low shear), erythrocyte aggregation index, hematocrit, plasma viscosity among the four groups (F =2.65, P > 0.05). Compared with those before treatment, the whole blood viscosity (high shear) and whole blood reduced viscosity (high shear) after treatment in the EA group, the WM group and the placebo group were with no statistical significance (P > 0.05). The injury skin area and colour score after treatment were significantly lower than those before treatment in the EA group and the WM group (P < 0.05), while there was no significant difference in placebo group (P > 0.05). Clinical symptoms of the EA group were obviously improved after the 2-month treatment, which was significantly different compared with those before treatment (P < 0.05), there was significant difference compared with those of WM group and placebo group (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference on haemorheology index between healthy people and chloasma patients without angionosis, cerebrovascular disease, hematopathy, metabolic disease or any other organic disease. Ear-acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting can effectively improve concurrent symptoms, lighten chloasma and lower chloasma area in patients accompanied by Gan depression.
The management of menopausal sequelae in patients with breast cancer; The use of chemotherapy and tamoxifen for young women with breast cancer results in premature menopause in a significant number of patients. Early menopause has serious vasomotor, psychological, genitourinary, cardiac and skeletal effects. Psychopharmacological and herbal preparations are widely used for the treatment of vasomotor symptoms. The incidence of psychological and depressive illness following the menopause in women with breast cancer is significantly higher than seen with the natural menopause. Targeting this population of patients for early diagnosis and psychiatric intervention is recommended. Local vaginal moisturising or oestrogen cream would help to alleviate some of the urogenital symptoms. Patients whose treatment included Anthracycline chemotherapy or radiation to the heart and those with a history of heart disease, should be monitored closely for latecardiac complications. Early menopause is the major risk factor for the development of osteoporosis. Weight bearing exercise, bisphosphonate or calcitonin therapy are all useful in treating osteoporosis. Should a woman with a history of breast cancer be given hormone replacement therapy is one of the most controversial issues in the oncology field. There are no published prospective randomised studies on the subject. The available data suggests an increase of 5% of breast cancer related events when hormone replacement therapy is given to women with breast cancer. However, in certain situations, this could be given after a detailed explanation and documentation. The patient and physician should balance the severity of symptoms against the increased breast cancer related events and the final decision should be left to the patient.
Solasodine glycoalkaloids: a novel topical therapy for basal cell carcinoma. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel group, multicenter study; Objective To assess the safety and efficacy of a 0.005% mixture of solasodine glycosides (Zycure) in the treatment of basal cell carcinoma. Design Double-blind, randomized, and vehicle-controlled, parallel group study. Setting Ten centers in the United Kingdom. Participants Male, n = 50; female, n = 44; age range, 32-95 years (Table 1). Intervention Ninety-four patients were randomized on a 2 : 1 ratio (n = 62, Zycure; n = 32, vehicle). Histologically confirmed lesions were treated double blinded, twice daily under occlusion with Zycure or vehicle for 8 weeks. Patients were reviewed fortnightly for adverse effects and overall response. Successfully treated patients were followed up at six-month intervals for a year. Main outcome measures The primary efficacy endpoint was histologically confirmed clearance of the basal cell carcinoma (2-mm punch biopsy) at the end of 8-week treatment. Results Efficacy (intention-to-treat population) at 8 weeks was 66% (41/62) in the Zycure group, compared to 25% (8/32) in the vehicle group (P < 0.001; Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test). Ninety percent (37/41) of the Zycure group completed follow-up at six-month intervals for 1 year, of whom 78% (29/37) had no recurrence. There were no major treatment-related adverse effects, although 10 patients in Zycure group did not complete the treatment protocol for various reasons. Conclusion We conclude that the solasodine glycoside cream Zycure is a safe therapy for basal cell carcinoma, with a cure rate of 66% at 8 weeks and 78% at 1 year follow-up.
Healthy lifestyle and breast cancer risk: A case-control study in Morocco; Background: Some modifiable risk factors have been independently associated with breast cancer (BC) risk in Moroccan women, but no studies have investigated their joint association. This study aimed to investigate the association between a Healthy Lifestyle Index (HLI) score and BC risk among Moroccan women. Methods: In this case-control study, 300 incident BC cases and 300 controls, matched by age and area of residence were recruited. Cases were women newly-diagnosed with histopathologically-confirmed BC at the University Hospital in Fez, Morocco. Controls were randomly selected healthy women recruited from 6 primary health centers in Fez. HLI scores developed within this study were assigned to participants based on 11 factors (red and processed meat, white meat, cream, cheese, fish, fruit and vegetables, physical activity, BMI, smoking, alcohol consumption, and breastfeeding), where 0 was given to unhealthy and 0.5 or 1 to healthy levels of each factor. Conditional and unconditional logistic regression models were used to assess the association between HLI scores and BC risk. Results: Mean of HLI scores were 8.1 ( +/- 1.1) and 9.0 ( +/- 0.9) in cases and controls, respectively, p < 0.01. After adjusting for potential confounders, one-point increment in the HLI score was associated with 56% (95% CI, CI: 39-68%), 49% (95% CI: 30-63%), and 59% (95% CI: 40-72%) lower risks of BC in all, premenopausal, and postmenopausal women, respectively. Conclusion: High HLI scores were associated with decreased risk of BC in Moroccan women. These findings suggest that BC prevention policies should include strategies for engaging Moroccan women in healthy lifestyles.
The iliac stemmed cup in reconstruction of the acetabular defects secondary to tumor resection: a systematic review of literature; Introduction Stemmed acetabular cups are suitable for reconstruction in case of important bone loss. Nevertheless, their use is not so common, because generally judged very invasive and technically difficult to implant. The aim of the present review is to verify the results of their use and to evaluate indications and complications. Materials and methods Literature research was performed in the main healthcare databases; indications, surgical technique, related complications, functional results and implant survival were valued and analyzed for every selected paper. Results 13 studies were selected, for a population of 424 patients and 428 hips. The main indication was reconstruction after tumor removal; the primary non-oncologic indication was revision for aseptic loosening. The most frequent complications were aseptic loosening and implant failure (16.2%), followed by deep infection (11.3%) and dislocation (9.8%). The average MSTS score was 65.9%; while data regarding functional results for degenerative cases are quite fragmented. The 5-years implant survival was 73.6%. Conclusions Data regarding SAC prostheses are quite rare in the literature; no prospective studies with comparisons with other reconstruction techniques are available so their use is mainly based on the experience of single centers. While data for tumors are more consistent and supported by studies, information on revisions of hip prosthesis implanted for degenerative problems is quite scarce. Preliminary results on the SAC prosthesis as a valid alternative both for tumoral and degenerative revision cases are encouraging. Prospective randomized studies are advocated to value results compared to alternative techniques.
PATH MODEL OF HERD-LEVEL RISK-FACTORS FOR CALFHOOD MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY IN NEW-YORK HOLSTEIN HERDS; A multivariable path model of the interrelationships between herd-management policies and herd-level calfhood morbidity and mortality was constructed. Data were from 25 farms in the vicinity of Cornell University, and comprised records from all 962 heifer calves born between 1 November 1983 and 30 April 1985 who lived longer than 24 h and were kept to be raised as replacements. Outcomes of interest were herd-season-year cumulative incidences of the following clinical signs as diagnosed by farmers and recorded on check-off forms: scours/diarrhea within 14 days of birth and from 15 to 90 days of age; dull, listless, droopy ears or off feed within 90 days of birth; cough, runny nose or eyes, or trouble breathing within 90 days of birth; death prior to 90 days of age. Herd-management risk-factor data were based on information from a personal-interview questionnaire administered by the senior author, and were measures of policy rather than of what individual calves actually experienced. Random-effects logistic regression (logistic-normal regression) was used to model incidence rates and to account for the extra-binomial variation due to heterogeneity of disease risk between herds. Herd-management policies directly and indirectly 'affected' the herd cumulative incidences of morbidity and mortality. Farms reporting that calves had periodic, or no, access to water (compared to continuous availability) had less scours from 15 to 90 days of age and less dullness. Damp (versus dry) bedding, tying calves ( (by a collar and tether) versus not tying calves)), use of individual-calf hutches, and feeding milk once daily (versus twice daily) all 'increased' the chance of scours within 14 days of birth. Use of individual-calf stalls 'increased' the chance of scours from 15 to 90 days of age, but 'decreased' the chance of mortality. Feeding high-moisture ear corn to calves 'increased' the chance of scours from 15 to 90 days of age, suggesting that some of the later scours were of nutritional origin. Scours prior to 14 days of age and dullness (but not later scours) 'increased' the chance of respiratory illness. Only respiratory illness directly 'increased' the chance of mortality. Scours prior to 14 days of age and dullness were related to mortality indirectly via respiratory illness. Scours from 15 to 90 days of age were not related to mortality.
Late cutaneous effects of a local potent steroid during adjuvant radiotherapy for breast cancer; Purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate whether treatment with a local potent corticosteroid during adjuvant external radiotherapy (ERT) of breast cancer is associated with late skin toxicity. Material and methods: Sixty patients (32 treated with potent corticoid cream versus 28 controls treated with moisturizer) who had been included in a randomized study on prophylactic local corticosteroid treatment under adjuvant ERT in 2009 and 2010 were subjected to a follow-up study in 2016. Assessments of skin texture were registered according to the Late Radiation Morbidity Scoring Scheme (RTOG). Dryness, skin colour and skin thickness were objectively measured using non-invasive instruments. The patients were assessed for differences between their treated and untreated breasts. Results: Skin atrophy was not noticed in any of the 60 patients. Objective instrumental measurements did not reveal any significant differences in skin dryness, colour, pigmentation or skin thickness over the average follow-up time of six years. Clinical assessment based on the RTOG scoring system revealed that the odds ratio of having late skin problems in patients treated with moisturizer compared to patients treated with corticosteroid was 3.2 (95% CI: 1.0-10.1). Patients reported minor cosmetic dermatological sequelae. Seven patients developed telangiectasia, which caused cosmetic inconvenience. Conclusion: In this study, prophylactic corticosteroid treatment to ameliorate radiation dermatitis during adjuvant ERT of breast cancer was not associated with an increase in late skin toxicity nor did it result in skin atrophy. This study is limited by its small sample size, and the risk for false positive findings. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd on behalf of European Society for Radiotherapy and Oncology.
Treatment of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Antagonist-Induced Skin Rash: Results of a Survey among German Oncologists; Background: Skin toxicities are frequent in patients receiving epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) antagonists. Grading and management of these skin reactions are poorly standardized. Materials and Methods: We conducted a survey among German oncologists using a 7-item questionnaire distributed by e-mail via the working groups Internistische Onkologie (AIO) and Dermatologische Onkologie (ADO). The oncologists were provided with pictures and history of a patient with an acneiform rash and were asked to provide information on grading and treatment strategies. Results: 106 medical oncologists and 43 dermatooncologists responded to the survey. The scoring of the skin rash was indicated as follows (National Cancer Institute common toxicity criteria (NCI-CTC) grades 1/2/3;%): 10/59/31. 22% of the polled medical oncologists use preemptive treatment of skin rash. In the presented case, 91% chose local treatment with mainly hydrocortisone or antibiotic cream, and 64% chose systemic treatment with an antibiotic or isotretinoin. Only 9% of the medical oncologists would have referred the patient to a dermatologist. Dermatooncologists used more local antibiotics (p = 0.006) and rather less local steroids (p = 0.199). With regard to systemic treatment, dermatooncologists more often used isotretinoin (p = 0.002). In addition, dermatooncologists less often delayed cetuximab treatment because of skin toxicity (p = 0.009). Conclusions: The results of the present analysis illustrate that grading and treatment of EGFR antagonist-induced skin toxicities are very heterogeneous. Clearly, more randomized trials and a simple and reliable grading system are warranted.
The palatability of milk-based and non-milk-based nutritional supplements in gastrointestinal cancer and the effect of chemotherapy; Introduction: Oral. nutritional supplements may have a role in the management of weight loss in patients With cancer. Information on preference for different types of nutritional supplements and the influence of taste changes and chemotherapy is limited. Aims and methods: This study aimed, in patients with gastrointestinal (GI) cancer, to determine the short-term preference for commonly used nutritional supplements compared With controls, to examine whether preference is altered by chemotherapy and to assess the reproducibility of taste assessments conducted using a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Patients with GI cancer and controls were asked to rate the acceptability of three oral nutritional supplements on a VAS before starting chemotherapy and after 6 weeks of chemotherapy. Supplements were presented in a random order in seated containers and subjects were blinded to the type of product. One supplement was repeated at random within each set (four cups) to assess the reproducibility of responses. Results: Sixty patients and 63 controls were included in the study, 47 patients and 47 controls were available for follow-up. Before the start of chemotherapy, patients had a higher mean preference for Calshake (5.9 cm) than Ensure plus (5.1 cm) and Fortijuce (3.2 cm) (P = 0.025 and P < 0.001). Calshake was the most preferred supplement in the control group (mean 6.6cm), with no significant differences in preferences between patients and controls. There were no changes in preference for patients after 6 weeks of chemotherapy. The results for the control group similarly showed no change after 6 weeks. No significant differences were found between scores assigned to the supplement repeated in the random order for any product at either timepoint. Discussion: Patients with GI cancers prefer the taste of fresh milk-based supplements and short-term preferences are not changed by chemotherapy. Preferences are similar between patients with GI cancers and people without cancer. A VAS is a reliable too[ to assess taste preference. Further studies are needed to assess the patient compliance over longer periods and the reasons for non-compliance with prescriptions for nutritional supplements. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Leptin and camel milk abate oxidative stress status, genotoxicity induced in valproic acid rat model of autism; The aspect of treatment of autistic behaviour was investigated using valproic acid rat model of pregnant female rats. Two main groups (10 male rats/group) were treated for 6 days and then divided into six subgroups. The first group of normal rats was divided into three subgroups: (A) - control group, (B) - treated with camel milk (CAM; 2 mL/p.o) and (C) - treated with leptin (1000 mu g/kg i.p) twice daily. The second group of autistic rats was randomly distributed into four subgroups as follows: (D) - positive control (autistics rats), (E) - treated with CAM, (F) - treated with a moderate dose of leptin and (G) - treated with a higher dose of leptin. Autistic behaviours of male offspring were checked by grooming and elevated pulz maze tests. Valproic acid (VPA)-induced autistic rats showed severe changes in oxidative stress markers, neurotransmitters and inflammatory cytokines, besides genotoxic manifestation of expression of tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, Box and caspase-3. Leptin or CAM alone showed no signs of toxicity. CAM showed pronounced improvement in control rats than control itself. Leptin or CAM treatment of autistic animals showed a significant improvement of all measured parameters and genetic expression values. The improvement was pronounced in animals treated with CAM. These results suggest that CAM is a potential therapeutic candidate for autism via regulation of inflammatory and apoptotic pathways. Leptin plays an essential role in alleviation of autistic behaviour through antioxidant effects.
Treatment of actinic keratoses with a novel betulin-based oleogel. A prospective, randomized, comparative pilot study; Background: Actinic keratoses (AK) are squamous cell carcinomas in situ and require treatment. Betulin-based oleogel prepared from a standardized triterpene dry extract from birch bark represents a new topical agent with anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor potential. Patients and Methods: In the prospective, randomized, monocentric phase 2a study 45 patients with <= 10 AK were included and randomly assigned to one of the three treatment groups. Intervention consisted of topical betulin-based oleogel twice daily versus cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen versus the combination of cryotherapy with topical betulin-based oleogel. Treatment response was assessed clinically after three months. The clinical response was graded into complete clearing (100 %), therapy responders (>= 75 % clearing of the lesions) and non-responders (< 75 % clearing). Additionally, punch biopsies were obtained from some patients before and at the end of treatment. Results: Therapy with betulin-based oleogel was well tolerated. Three patients discontinued therapy because of personal reasons. After three months, the 100 % (and > 75 %) clearing rates of the lesions were as follows: 64 % (86 %) with betulin-based oleogel (n = 14), 79 % (93 %) with cryotherapy (n = 14), and 71 % (71 %) with the combined therapy (n = 14). Histological analysis of biopsies taken before and after treatment (n = 8) showed a reduced degree of dysplasia in the epidermis in all study arms. Conclusions: Betulin-based oleogel seems to be an effective novel approach in the topical treatment of actinic keratoses. However, the clinical and histological findings of the present pilot study have to be verified against placebo with larger case numbers.
Surgical techniques in the treatment of basal cell carcinoma-a prospective investigation; Background Basal cell carcinomas are the most frequent epithelial skin tumors and a frequent indication for dermatological interventions. Despite the establishment of drug treatment options, surgery is still the treatment of choice. Various options are available ranging from curettage to complex dermatosurgical procedures. In addition to the main aspect of low local recurrence rates, esthetic factors and the number of procedures are also important for the choice of treatment. Methods In this study 347 patients with 398 basal cell carcinomas (nodular type, diameter up to 10 mm) were prospectively examined. The patients were randomized into two treatment arms: in one group the tumor was treated by ring curettage and in the other group the tumor was excised. Patients who underwent 3D histologically controlled surgery due to basal cell carcinoma during the same investigation period served as controls. Results The highest local recurrence rate was observed after curettage (14.0%), whereas the group with 3D histology had the lowest recurrence rate (0.9%,p< 0.001). In the 3D group, more re-excisions were required to achieve complete tumor clearance compared to the group who underwent excisions with serial section histology. Patients rated the esthetic outcome best after curettage. The median follow-up was 3.9 years. Conclusion The choice of surgical treatment for small nodular basal cell carcinomas depends on individual circumstances. Excisions controlled by 3D histology with wound closure after complete tumor clearance showed the lowest recurrence rate in our study; however, curettage is also a possible surgical treatment option with minimal effort and an acceptable recurrence rate, which can lead to good esthetic results.
Growth performance, digestibility, blood metabolites, ruminal fermentation, and bacterial communities in response to the inclusion of gallic acid in the starter feed of preweaning dairy calves; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of feeding gallic acid on the growth, nutrient digestibility, plasma metabolites, rumen fermentation, and bacterial community in the rumen fluid and feces of preweaning calves. Thirty-six female Holstein calves with similar ages (means +/- SD; 3.1 +/- 1.39 d) and body weights (40.8 +/- 2.87 kg) were randomly assigned to receive 3 treatments. Calves were fed 1 of 3 treatments as follows: basal diet with no gallic acid (control), 0.5 g/kg gallic acid in starter diet (low), and 1 g/kg gallic acid in starter diet (high). The results showed that feeding gallic acid increased growth by improving the starter intake and average daily gain of the calves. The fecal score tended to decrease in a linear manner with the addition of gallic acid. Total-tract apparent protein digestibility tended to increase linearly with feeding gallic acid. Feeding gallic acid led to a linear increase in the plasma total protein and beta-hydroxybutyrate levels. In addition, feeding gallic acid linearly increased catalase and total antioxidant capacity levels and decreased malondialdehyde and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations. The concentrations of total volatile fatty acids, propionate, butyrate, and valerate in the rumen fluid increased linearly with the addition of gallic acid, resulting in a linear pH reduction. Feeding gallic acid linearly increased the relative abundances of Prevotella_1, Saccharofermentans, and Prevotellaceae_UCG-001 and linearly decreased the relative abundance of Prevotella_7 in the rumen fluid. The Shannon index of ruminal bacterial communities linearly increased by feeding gallic acid. Feeding gallic acid linearly increased the relative abundances of Ruminococcaceae_UCG-005, Bacteroides, and Christensenellaceae_R-7_group in the feces. In summary, feeding gallic acid improved growth, antioxidant function, and rumen fermentation and altered the bacterial community in the rumen fluid and feces of preweaning dairy calves.
Dietary calcium intake, vitamin D levels, and breast cancer risk: a dose-response analysis of observational studies; Results from the recent meta-analysis suggested a favorable effect of dietary calcium and vitamin D levels on breast cancer risk. However, the relationship of dietary calcium and vitamin D levels with breast cancer risk is unclear. Thus, the dose-response relationship was assessed by restricted cubic spline model and multivariate random-effect meta-regression. Results suggested that women might suffer from the lowest risk of breast cancer with dietary calcium intake of about 600 mg/day, dietary vitamin D intake of about 400 IU/day, and serum vitamin D levels of about 30 ng/ml.
Effects of temperature-humidity index and chromium supplementation on antioxidant capacity, heat shock protein 72, and cytokine responses of lactating cows; Heat stress adversely affects the productivity and immune status of dairy cows. The temperature-humidity index (THI) is commonly used to indicate the degree of heat stress on dairy cattle. We investigated the effects of different THI and Cr supplementation on the antioxidant capacity, the levels of heat shock protein 72 (Hsp72), and cytokine responses of lactating cows. The study used a total of 24 clinically healthy uniparous mid-lactation Holstein cows, which were randomly divided into 2 groups (n = 12 per group), and was conducted in 3 designated THI periods: low THI period (LTHI; THI = 56.4 +/- 2.5), moderate THI period (MTHI; THI = 73.9 +/- 1.7),and high THI period (HTHI; THI = 80.3 +/- 1.0). The 2 groups of cows were fed corn and corn silage based basal diet supplemented chromium picolinate to provide 3.5 mg of Cr/cow daily (Cr+) or basal diet with no Cr (Cr-). The experiment was a 3 x 2 factorial design. The numbers of leukocytes (P < 0.05) and serum levels of glucose (P < 0.001) were lower; however, the serum levels of blood urea nitrogen (BUN; P < 0.001) and creatinine (P < 0.001) were greater in the MTHI and HTHI than in LTHI. The total antioxidant capacity in the serum was unaltered; an increase in superoxide dismutase activity (P < 0.001) and in serum malondialdehyde concentration (P < 0.001) was observed in the MTHI and HTHI compared with the LTHI. The high THI led to increases in serum concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha; P < 0.001) and IL-10 (P < 0.05). Cows supplemented with Cr had lower (P = 0.009) serum concentrations of cholesterol but greater (P < 0.001, respectively) serum levels of Hsp72 and IL-10 compared with those without Cr supplementation in the HTHI. Western blot analysis revealed that cows supplemented with Cr had greater (P = 0.038) expression of the inhibitor of nuclear factor kappa B alpha (I kappa B alpha) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) compared with those without Cr supplementation in the HTHI, whereas the expression of Hsp72 in PBMC was unaltered. Data indicate that there is a decrease in glucose and increases in BUN and creatinine in the serum of mid-lactation cows under hot conditions during the summer and that these cows have a lowered oxidative capacity but an elevated antioxidant capacity. In addition, Cr may play an anti-inflammatory role in lactating cows by promoting the release of Hsp72, increasing the production of IL-10, and inhibiting the degradation of I kappa B alpha under hot conditions during the summer.
Critical Thresholds of Antioxidant and Immune Function Parameters for Se deficiency Prediction in Dairy Cows; The aim of this study was to determine the plasma selenium (Se) levels of lactating cows and to evaluate its association with antioxidant ability and immune function. In a descriptive study, 20 healthy Holstein cows with normal Se level (C) and 30 Holstein cows with subclinical Se deficiency (T) were randomly selected between 14 and 21 days postpartum from a dairy farm, according to a cutoff point of 70 mg/L Se in plasma. Analysis of biochemical parameters of antioxidant and immune function were performed on all the cows, and the risk prediction thresholds for subclinical Se deficiency were determined by area under receiver operating characteristic curve. Cows in the T group had significantly lower plasma Se concentrations compared with cows in the C group (52.16 +/- 8.81 vs. 80.37 +/- 8.46 mu g/L, P=0.02). There was a marked decrease in plasma glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) activity in the T group that correlated positively with the plasma Se level (R=0.65, P=0.00), and a significant increase of plasma methane dicarboxylic aldehyde (MDA), total nitric oxide synthase, and lipid peroxidation that correlated negatively with plasma Se levels (R=-0.47, P=0.01; R=-0.33, P=0.04; R=-0.40, P=0.03). Furthermore, there were significantly lower plasma tumor necrosis factor-a and immunoglobulin G levels in the T group that correlated positively with plasma Se levels (R=0.41, P=0.01 and R=0.45, P=0.01), and a markedly lower plasma interleukin-6 level that correlated negatively with plasma Se levels (R=-0.38, P=0.02). In addition, if plasma GSH-Px activity was less than 42.37 U/ml, the risk of Se deficiency was significantly increased in lactating cows. These results suggest that low plasma Se levels may reduce the antioxidant ability and immune function, and the risk of low plasma Se level may be predicted effectively by plasma GSH-Px activity in lactating cows.
Food choice and nutrient intake among patients on a low-fat, low-lactose diet: experience from a prospective randomized study; Objective: To describe the food consumed in order to achieve a low-fat, low-lactose diet, and to evaluate the effect of food choice on nutrient intake. Method: This was an open prospective randomized study. The patients were randomly allocated either to receive a low-fat, Low-lactose diet or the regular hospital diet during radiotherapy. Dietary intake pretreatment was measured by a 48-h recall method. A 4-day food record method was used to collect data 3 weeks after start of radiotherapy and during the last week of treatment. Subjects: 143 women with gynaecological malignancies undergoing pelvic radiotherapy. Results: At baseline there were no significant differences in energy intake, food choices and nutrient intake between the two groups. During radiotherapy, the average percentage of energy from fat was 23% in the intervention group and 35% in the control group (P < 0.01), energy percentage from protein was 18% and 15% (P < 0.01) and carbohydrate 58% and 50% (P < 0.01). The intervention group received less energy from milk products, meats, fats and sugar than the control group and more from vegetables and fruits, cereals and fish. Conclusion: The intervention group had a qualitative different diet than the control group during radiotherapy. The fat reduction was achieved through a reduction of milk products, fats and meats.
NECROTIZING ENTEROCOLITIS - A REVIEW OF PATHOGENETIC MECHANISMS AND IMPLICATIONS FOR PREVENTION; Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a devastating gastrointestinal disease of premature neonates that accounts for 3000 to 4000 deaths each year in the United States. The pathogenesis is not well understood, however theories suggest that prematurity, enteral feeding, bacterial colonization, and intestinal ischemia contribute to the intestinal injury. Furthermore, recent studies have shown that platelet activating factor and perhaps other inflammatory mediators mediate bowel necrosis in animals and possibly in humans. Although no specific intervention for NEC treatment exists, preventive therapy using either enteral IgA supplementation, breast milk feeding, antibiotic prophylaxis, or exogenous steroid administration have reduced the incidence of this overwhelming disease in small randomized trials. These modalities and perhaps PAF antagonists or other inflammatory mediator inhibitors may reduce the incidence or severity of NEC in the next several years.
SUPERANTIGENS OF MOUSE MAMMARY-TUMOR VIRUS; Superantigens (SAgs) are proteins of microbial origin that bind to major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules and stimulate T cells via interaction with the VB domain of the T cell receptor (TCR). Mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV) is a milk-transmitted type B retrovirus that encodes a SAg in its 3' long terminal repeat. Upon MMTV infection, B cells present SAg to the appropriate T cell subset, which leads to a strong ''cognate'' T-B interaction. This immune reaction results in preferential clonal expansion of infected B cells and differentiation of some of these cells into long-lived memory cells. In this way a stable MMTV infection is achieved that ultimately results in infection of the mammary gland and virus transmission via milk. Thus, in contrast to many microorganisms that attempt to evade the host immune system (reviewed in I), MMTV depends upon a strong SAg-induced immune response for its survival. Because of their ability to stimulate very strong T cell responses in MHC-identical mice, minor lymphocyte stimulatory (Mis) antigens, discovered more than 20 years ago, are now known to be SAgs encoded by endogenous MMTV proviruses that have randomly integrated into germ cells. The aim of this review is to combine the extensive biology of Mis SAgs with our current understanding of the life cycle of MMTV.
Dietary Fatty Acids, Macronutrient Substitutions, Food Sources and Incidence of Coronary Heart Disease: Findings From the EPIC-CVD Case-Cohort Study Across Nine European Countries; Background There is controversy about associations between total dietary fatty acids, their classes (saturated fatty acids [SFAs], monounsaturated fatty acids, and polyunsaturated fatty acids), and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Specifically, the relevance of food sources of SFAs to CHD associations is uncertain. Methods and Results We conducted a case-cohort study involving 10 529 incident CHD cases and a random subcohort of 16 730 adults selected from a cohort of 385 747 participants in 9 countries of the EPIC (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition) study. We estimated multivariable adjusted country-specific hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs per 5% of energy intake from dietary fatty acids, with and without isocaloric macronutrient substitutions, using Prentice-weighted Cox regression models and pooled results using random-effects meta-analysis. We found no evidence for associations of the consumption of total or fatty acid classes with CHD, regardless of macronutrient substitutions. In analyses considering food sources, CHD incidence was lower per 1% higher energy intake of SFAs from yogurt (HR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.88-0.99]), cheese (HR, 0.98 [95% CI, 0.96-1.00]), and fish (HR, 0.87 [95% CI, 0.75-1.00]), but higher for SFAs from red meat (HR, 1.07 [95% CI, 1.02-1.12]) and butter (HR, 1.02 [95% CI, 1.00-1.04]). Conclusions This observational study found no strong associations of total fatty acids, SFAs, monounsaturated fatty acids, and polyunsaturated fatty acids, with incident CHD. By contrast, we found associations of SFAs with CHD in opposite directions dependent on the food source. These findings should be further confirmed, but support public health recommendations to consider food sources alongside the macronutrients they contain, and suggest the importance of the overall food matrix.
Impact of omega-3 fatty acids and/or plant sterol supplementation on non-HDL cholesterol levels of dyslipidemic Indian adults; Independent and combined effects of 2 g/d long chain omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3) from fish oil (capsules) and 2 g/d plant sterol (yogurt drink) on LDL-C and non-HDL-C levels in Indian subjects were compared. Following a 2-week run-in period, 200 mildly hypercholesterolemic (total cholesterol 5.0-8.0 mmol/l) adults (35-55 years) were randomized into one of four groups [(1) both placebo (2) active omega-3 (3) active plant sterol (4) both active] of a 2 x 2 factorial, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Blood samples were obtained before and after the 4-week intervention (n = 178). Lipid levels were analyzed using ANCOVA models with relevant baseline measurements as covariates; adjusted means were compared across groups. While plant sterols significantly lowered LDL-C (-4.5%; P = 0.017) and non-HDL-C (-7.9%; P = 0.0019) levels, omega-3 did not demonstrate any such impact. The combination resulted in 4.2% and 3.9% reduction (non-significant), respectively. Thus, the beneficial effects of the omega-3-PS combination on lipid levels demonstrated earlier (lowered triacylglycerols by 15%, increased HDL-C by 5.4%) in addition to the present findings could make this combination a useful alternative for lowering coronary heart disease risk in Indian adults. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Effect of <i>Quercus coccifera L</i>. Extract on the Necrosis of Random-pattern Skin Flaps in Rats; Aim: Ischemia-reperfusion injury is an important cause of flap loss. We investigated effects of Quercus coccifera L. extract known to have anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory activity on skin flap viability. Methods: Eighteen Wistar rats were used. Random-pattern skin flaps, 9x3 cm in size, were applied on rats back and then the rats were divided into three groups. Following surgery 2 cc of nitrofurazone cream and 2 cc of Q. coccifera L. water extract were applied daily in groups 2 and 3, respectively. Group 1 received no treatment after surgery. The percentage of necrosis on the flaps was calculated and histopathological examination of the tissue samples was made on day 7. Results: The mean percentage of necrosis was 44.7%, 42.5% and 21.8% group 1, 2 and 3, respectively. The percentage of necrosis was statistically significantly lower in group 3 than in groups 1 and 2 (p<0.001 and p<0.00, respectively). Neutrophil score was found to be significantly lower in group 3 than in groups 1 and 2 (p=0.002 and p=0.002, respectively). Conclusions: Necrosis of skin flaps was decreased through application of Q. coccifera extracts
Postprandial Lipemia Detects the Effect of Soy Protein on Cardiovascular Disease Risk Compared with the Fasting Lipid Profile; Studies examining the effect of soy protein on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors have not taken advantage of the postprandial state as an adjunct to the fasting lipid profile. The American Heart Association has acknowledged the efficacy of soy protein in reducing CVD risk factors to be limited. We hypothesized that the postprandial state would be more sensitive to any favorable changes associated with consuming soy protein compared with the fasting lipid profile. Furthermore, the presence of isoflavones in soy would enhance this effect. Thirty sedentary males aged 18-30 years were randomly assigned to milk protein (Milk), isoflavone-poor soy (Soy-), or isoflavone-rich soy (Soy+). Usual diets were supplemented with 25 g/day of protein for 28 days. Serum samples were collected before and after supplementation in a fasted state and postprandially at 30, 60, 120, 240, and 360 min after a high-fat, 1,000 kcal shake. Triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol, non-esterified fatty acids, apolipoproteins B-100 and A-I and glucose concentrations were quantified. Fasting concentrations were not different after any protein supplementation. Postprandial TAG and TAG AUC increased after Soy-consumption supporting the postprandial state as a more sensitive indicator of soy ingestion effects on CVD risk factors compared with the fasting lipid profile. Furthermore, the absence of isoflavones in soy protein may have deleterious consequences on purported cardio-protective effects.
Effects of oxidized soybean oil on the performance of sows and jejunum health of suckling piglets; Oils provide a considerable amount of energy to the swine diet, but they are prone to lipid oxidation if not properly preserved. Consumption of oxidized oils can adversely affect the animal organism and even the offspring. This study investigated the impact of oxidized soybean oil in the diets of sows from 107 days gestation to 21 days of lactation on the performance of sows and jejunum health of suckling piglets. Sixteen sows were randomly allocated into two groups: one group (n = 8) was fed with the fresh soybean oil (FSO) diet, and another group (n = 8) was treated with the oxidized soybean oil (OSO) diet. Dietary oxidized soybean oil does not affect sow performance. Antioxidant enzyme activity in the milk was reduced significantly in the OSO group, such as the superoxide dismutase (SOD), total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC), and catalase (CAT) activities (p < 0.05). On Day 21, oxidized soybean oil increased tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin 6 (IL-6), and interleukin 8 (IL-8) levels in sow milk and the concentrations of TNF-alpha and IL-8 cytokines in plasma (p < 0.05). Suckling piglets from sows fed on OSO showed a trend towards increased IL-6 and TNF-alpha in plasma (p < 0.1). The mRNA expression of interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) was augmented, whereas interleukin 10 (IL-10) was decreased, and zonula occludens-1 (ZO-1) had a tendency to be down-regulated in OSO treatment. This study revealed that the OSO of feed decreased the antioxidant capacity of milk, further contributing to the inflammatory response in the jejunum of suckling piglets.
Effects of taurine on markers of muscle damage, inflammatory response and physical performance in triathletes; BACKGROUND: The practice of prolonged exercise with high intensity, as seen in triathlon training, can cause physiological imbalances that might result in muscle fatigue, muscle damage and changes in systemic Inflammatory response, thus reduce the athletes' physical performance, therefore, both adequate total caloric and macronutrient intake also the use of a specific ergogenic aid, as taurine supplementation would be an alternative to prevent inflammation and muscle damage. In order to verify the effects of 8 weeks of taurine and chocolate milk supplementation, markers of muscle damage, inflammation, and aerobic capacity were quantified in triathletes. METHODS: A double-blind, crossover, randomized study was conducted with 9 male long-distance triathletes, aged 25-35 years. Supplementation of 3 g of taurine (TAU) or placebo (PLA) associated with 400 mL low fat chocolate milk was performed during an 8-week period. In order to verify the effects of the supplementation protocol markers of muscle damage as lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine kinase (CK), and inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were quantified. also triathletes' performance was evaluated by exhaust test on a treadmill. RESULTS: It was observed a significant increase in taurine and CK plasma levels after TAU supplementation (P=0.02 and P=0.01, respectively). However, LDH concentrations did not differ significantly after the supplementations performed, and there were no changes in physical performance parameters; anaerobic threshold, perceived exertion, heart rate, and the concentrations of IL-6 and TNF-alpha. CONCLUSIONS: Taurine supplementation did not provide benefits on performance and muscle damage in triathletes.
Inhibitory effects of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) on the azoxymethane-induced colonic preneoplastic lesions; Epidemiological and experimental studies provide evidences that diet and intestinal microflora play an important role in colon carcinogenesis. In recent years, it has been suggested that lactic acid bacteria (LAB) used to ferment dairy products have an inhibitory effect on the colon cancer. This study was designed to determine the effect of Bifidobacterium longum HY8001 (Bif) and Lactobacillus acidophilus HY2104 (Lac) of Korean origin on azoxymethane (AOM)-induced colonic preneoplastic lesions such as aberrant crypt foci (ACF) formation and cecal pH. At five weeks of age, Spraque-Dawley rats were divided at random into four (AOM alone, Bif, Lac, and Bif+Lac) groups. Animals were weighed weekly and oral administration of LAB cultures were performed daily until the termination of the study. Two weeks later, all animals were given a subcutaneous injection of AOM dissolved in normal saline at a dose of 15 mg/kg of body weight once per week for 2 weeks. All rats were necropsied 7 weeks after the last AOM injection, and the ACF were visualized under light microscopy in the formalin-fixed, unsectioned methylene blue-stained colons. The total number of aberrant crypt in Bif, Lac, and Bif+Lac groups were significantly lower than that of the AOM alone group and the percentage of inhibitions weas 35.0, 45.4 and 45.0%, respectively. Significant inhibition (p<0.001) in the total number of ACF was also observed in LAB treated groups (Bif, Lac, and Bif+Lac group by 30.3, 38.6, and 41.2%, respectively). Furthermore, cecal pH appeared to significantly decrease by LAB administration. The results of present study provide some evidences for potential colon tumor-inhibitory properties of lactic cultures and fermented dairy products.
Grape seed extract supplementation in heat-stressed preweaning dairy calves: I. Effects on antioxidant status, inflammatory response, hematological and physiological parameters; This study aimed to investigate the effects of grape seed extract (GSE) supplementation on antioxidant activity, inflammatory markers, hematological and physiological responses during the suckling period in heat-stressed calves. Sixty Holstein female calves (3 d of age, 40.6 +/- 2.17 kg of BW) were randomly divided into four dietary groups. Each group consisted of 15 calves; the milk was supplemented with 0 (CON) 25 (GSE1), 50 (GSE2), and 100 (GSE3) mg/kg BW/day of GSE. On d 3, 33, and 63 blood samples were collected, rectal temperatures (RT) and respiratory rates (RR) were measured three days a week. Calves were exposed to chronic heat stress during the study period and were weaned on d 63. Plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) concentrations decreased (P < 0.01) in all GSE supplemented groups compared to the CON group. Also, interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) concentration decreased (P = 0.03) only in calves fed GSE1. Plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) concentration increased (P = 0.02) in calves fed GSE3 on d 33 compared to the CON group, while the concentration of superoxide dismutase (SOD) was higher (P < 0.001) in the GSE2 and GSE3 groups compared to CON and GSE1. The hematocrit percentage, hemoglobin value, RBC, and eosinophil counts were higher (P < 0.01) in all GSE supplemented groups compared to CON. Calves fed GSE1, GSE2 and GSE3 had lower (P < 0.001) neutrophil count compared to CON on d 63. All GSE-supplemented groups had a decreased (P < 0.001) RR compared to CON, while calves fed GSE2 had a tendency to decrease (P = 0.10) in RT. It was concluded that supplementation with 50 and 100 mg/kg BW/ d GSE could improve antioxidant, anti-inflammatory activities, and hematological parameters of calves against oxidative stress, and also reduce the effect of heat stress by reducing the respiratory rate.
Sociodemographic, Lifestyle and Medical Factors Associated with <i>Helicobacter Pylori</i> Infection; Background & Aims: The prevalence of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection is higher in developing countries and is often linked to lower socioeconomic status. Few studies have investigated the association between H. pylori and individual level characteristics in Europe, where several countries have a high prevalence of H. pylori infection. The study aimed to identify risk factors for H. pylori infection among adults in a large clinical trial in Latvia. Methods: 1,855 participants (40 64 years) of the "Multicenter randomized study of H. pylori eradication and pepsinogen testing for prevention of gastric cancer mortality" (GISTA R study) in Latvia tested for H. pylori IgG antibodies were included in a cross-sectional analysis. Sociodemographic, lifestyle and medical factors were compared for participants seropositive (H. pylori+) and seronegative. Mutually adjusted odds ratios (OR) were calculated for H. pylori+ and factors significant in univariate analysis (education, smoking, binge drinking, several dietary habits, history of H. pylori eradication and disease), adjusting for age, gender and income. Results: Of the participants 1,044 (55.4%) were H. pylori seropositive. The infection was associated with current (OR: 1.34, 95%CI: 1.01-1.78) and former (OR: 1.38; 95%(:1: 1.03 1.85) smoking, binge drinking (OR: 1.35; 95%CI: 1.03-1.78), having >= 200g dairy daily (OR: 1.37; 95%CI: 1.11 1.69), and very hot food/drinks (OR: 1.32; 95%CI: 1.03 1.69) and inversely with >= 400g vegetables/fruit daily (OR: 0.76; 95%CI: 0.60-0.96), history of H. pylori eradication (OR: 0.57; 95%CI: 0.39-0.84), peptic ulcer (OR: 0.55; 95%CI: 0.38-0.80) and cardiovascular disease (OR: 0.78; 95%CI: 0.61-0.99). Conclusions: After mutual adjustment, H. pylori seropositivity was associated with lifestyle and in particular dietary factors rather than socioeconomic indicators in contrast to the majority of other studies.
Erythrocyte Membrane Phospholipid Fatty Acid Concentrations and Risk of Colorectal Adenomas: A Case-Control Nested in the French E3N-EPIC Cohort Study; Background: Although dietary fatty acids may influence colorectal carcinogenesis, few studies have examined the association with adenoma risk. We assessed the association between biomarkers of dietary fatty acids or metabolism of fatty acids and the risk of colorectal adenomas in a nested case-control study from the French E3N-EPIC cohort. Methods: Among 13,106 women without prevalent cancer who completed the diet history questionnaire and who provided blood samples, 328 cases of adenomatous polyp were identified during an average of 6.6-year follow-up and randomly matched to 619 polyp-free colonoscopy controls. Erythrocyte membrane phospholipid fatty acid concentrations were determined by gas chromatography. Adjusted ORs for risk of colorectal adenomas with increasing concentrations of fatty acids were calculated using conditional logistic regression, separately for advanced and nonadvanced adenomas. Results: Associations were stronger with advanced than nonadvanced adenomas. High concentration of pentadecanoate plus heptadecanoate acids were inversely associated with the risk of advanced adenomas [highest vs. lowest tertile: ORT3vsT1 = 0.40 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.20-0.79); P-trend = 0.009]. Oleic acid was associated with an increased risk of advanced adenomas [ORT3vsT1 = 2.32 (1.16-4.64); P-trend = 0.018]. Some polyunsaturated fatty acids were associated with the risk of advanced adenomas, either positively for di-homo-gamma-linolenate [ORT3vsT1 = 2.07 (1.15-3.72); P-trend = 0.013], or negatively for eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids [ORT3vsT1 = 0.50 (0.27-0.93); P-trend = 0.044 and ORT3vsT1 = 0.50 (0.26-0.96); P-trend = 0.028, respectively]. Conclusion: A specific erythrocyte membrane phospholipid fatty acid profile, presumably reflecting both a complex dietary pattern and altered fatty acid metabolism, is associated with advanced colorectal adenoma risk. Impact: Adenomas could be a target for primary prevention of colorectal cancer, using interventional strategy based on lipidomic profile of patients. (C) 2013 AACR.
IN-VITRO KARYOTYPE EVOLUTION AND CYTOGENETIC INSTABILITY IN THE NONTUMORIGENIC HUMAN BREAST EPITHELIAL-CELL LINE HMT-3522; The ''spontaneously'' immortalized cell line HMT-3522, derived from a fibrocystic breast lesion, is used as a model for premalignant breast epithelium. During 205 passages the cytogenetic evolution was followed. The results were compared with our earlier results on oncogene expression and growth factor requirements. During in vitro growth, gain and loss of markers, loss of normal chromosomes, and duplication of the chromosome complement could be demonstrated. The variability increased during in vitro growth. This variability, probably created randomly, leads to cells with different growth capacities, from which sidelines may be selected and become stemlines. The karyotypic evolution (including polyploidization) demonstrated here may be a result of genetic instability and heterogeneity. Although tumorigenicity was not achieved, either due to lack of cancer-specific gene alterations or to lack of proper selection pressure, the results suggest an ongoing process towards malignancy.
Five-year follow-up of a randomized, prospective trial of topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy vs surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma; Objective: To compare 5-year lesion recurrence rates in primary nodular basal cell carcinoma treated with topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (PDT) or simple excision surgery. Design: Prospective, randomized, multicenter study. Setting: University hospital dermatology departments. Patients: Atotal of 97 patients, 50 with 53 lesions treated with methyl aminolevulinatePDTand 47with 52 lesions treated by excision surgery, were included in the per protocol analysis. Of the lesions treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT and surgery, 49 and 52, respectively, showed complete clinical response at 3 months after treatment and were observed for long-term outcome evaluation. Interventions: Topical methyl aminolevulinate cream, 160 mg/g, applied for 3 hours before illumination ( 75 J/cm(2) of red light at 570 to 670 nm) on 2 or 4 occasions (12[23%] of 53 lesions); or excision surgery. Main Outcome Measures: Histologically confirmed lesion recurrence, sustained lesion complete response rate time-to-event analysis), and investigator assessment of cosmetic outcome, 5 years after the last treatment. Results: At 5 years, recurrence was documented in 7 (14%) of 49 lesions (95% confidence interval [CI], 6%-27%) treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT vs 2 ( 4%) of 52 lesions ( 95% CI, 1%-13%) treated with excision surgery (P=.09). Estimated sustained lesion complete response rates were 76% ( 95% CI, 59%-87%) and 96% ( 95% CI, 84%-99%), respectively (P=.01). More patients treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT than surgery had an excellent or good cosmetic outcome: 27 (87%) of 31 patients ( 95% CI, 70%-96%) vs 19 (54%) of 35 patients ( 95% CI, 37%-71%) ( P=. 007). Conclusions: Long-term follow-up indicates superior efficacy of surgery to methyl aminolevulinate PDT in nodular basal cell carcinoma. However, methyl aminolevulinate PDT is also an effective treatment for this indication and exhibits a more favorable cosmetic outcome.
CONCLUSION ON PESTICIDE PEER REVIEW Peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance 2-phenylphenol (Question No EFSA-Q-2008-392) Issued on 19 December 2008; 2-Phenylphenol is one of the 295 substances of the fourth stage of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 2229/2004,(2) as amended by Regulation (EC) No 1095/2007.(3) This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise upon request of the EU-Commission a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within six months a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission. Spain being the designated rapporteur Member State submitted the DAR on 2-phenylphenol in accordance with the provisions of Article 21(1) of the Regulation (EC) No 2229/2004, which was received by the EFSA on 11 February 2008. The peer review was initiated on 17 March 2008 by dispatching the DAR for consultation of the Member States and the notifiers LANXESS Deutschland GmbH and Dow Benelux BV. Subsequently, the comments received on the DAR were examined and responded by the rapporteur Member State in the reporting table. This table was evaluated by the EFSA to identify the remaining issues. The identified issues as well as further information made available by the notifier upon request were evaluated in a series of scientific meetings with Member State experts in October 2008. A final discussion of the outcome of the consultation of experts took place during a written procedure with the Member States in November - December 2008 leading to the conclusions as laid down in this report. This conclusion was reached on the basis of the evaluation of the representative use as a post harvest fungicide on citrus and pears (indoor use, closed drench chamber). Full details of the GAP can be found in the endpoints. The representative formulated product for the evaluation was 'AGF/1-04', an emulsifiable concentrate (EC). A partially validated method is available for citrus but there is currently no validated method for pears. Acceptable methods are available for soil and water but a method for air has been identified as a data gap. Sufficient analytical methods as well as methods and data relating to physical, chemical and technical properties are available to ensure that quality control measurements of the plant protection product are possible. Tested in mammals, 2-phenylphenol showed low acute oral, dermal and inhalation toxicity (oral LD50 2733 mg/kg bw; dermal LD50 > 2000 mg/kg, inhalation LC50 > 0.036 mg/L). 2-Phenylphenol is irritating to skin (R38, "Irritating to skin" proposed) and to eyes (R36, "Irritating to the eyes" and R41 "Risk of serious damage to eyes" proposed) and to respiratory system (R37 "Irritating to respiratory system"). 2-Phenylphenol is not a sensitising agent. The relevant short-term oral NOAEL is 391 mg/kg bw/day from a study in rats, based on hyperplasia in the bladder urothelium and kidney damage in males. 2-Phenylphenol is not genotoxic. Systemic long-term toxicity and carcinogenicity NOAEL is 39 mg/kg bw/day, based on increased incidences of urinary bladder papillomas, transitional cell carcinomas, and/or combined papillomas and/or transitional cell carcinomas. The mechanism of tumorigenesis in rats was assumed to be non-genotoxic, probably based on chronic irritation of the epithelium by a combination of high pH, high sodium-ion concentration and/or high concentration of free metabolites at high doses. In mice, 2-phenylphenol caused an increased incidence of liver adenoma, carcinoma and hepatoblastoma at 500 mg/kg bw/day and 1000 mg/kg bw/day. The NOAEL for systemic toxicity in mice was <250 mg/kg bw/day, whereas the NOAEL for tumours was 250 mg/kg bw/day. Considering the occurrence of liver tumours in mice and urinary bladder tumours in rats, where the mechanism is not known, R40 Carc. Cat 3 "Limited evidence of a carcinogenic effect" was proposed. Reproductive parameters were not affected at any dose level. The overall parental and offspring NOAEL was established at 100 mg/kg bw/day, and the reproductive NOAEL was 500 mg/kg bw/day. The relevant maternal and developmental NOAELs in rats were established at 150 mg/kg bw/day, whereas in rabbits the relevant maternal and developmental NOAEL were proposed to be 100 mg/kg bw/day and 250 mg/kg bw/day, respectively. 2-Phenylphenol did not show any evidence of neurotoxicity. The Acceptable Daily Intake (ADI) and the Acceptable Operator Exposure Level (AOEL) are 0.4 mg/kg bw/day (NOAEL 39 mg/kg bw/day applying an SF of 100). An Acute Reference Dose (ARfD) was not allocated, based on the toxicological profile. The default dermal absorption value 100% was regarded as appropriate. Operator and worker exposure was estimated to be below the AOEL even without the use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). As the representative formulation 'AGF/1-04' is used in closed facilities, bystander exposure is not expected. Metabolism of 2-phenylphenol was investigated in oranges and pears having received a post-harvest treatment. In oranges, substantial amounts of residues only penetrated into the peel and, in addition to 2-phenylphenol and its conjugates, 2-phenylhydroquinone and its conjugates were also found. In pears, residues penetrated into the pulp and 2-phenylhydroquinone or its conjugates were not found. Concern was raised with regard to the toxicological potential of the metabolite 2-phenylhydroquinone. Therefore, the experts meeting proposed a provisional residue definition for plant matrices including 2-phenylphenol, 2-phenylhydroquinone and their conjugates, expressed as 2-phenylphenol. It is pending information on the toxicological potential of 2-phenylhydroquinone which was requested from the notifier. The notifier made a case that treated fruits are destined only for direct human consumption and will not be part of livestock diet. Therefore an assessment with regard to livestock exposure and residues in food of animal origin would not be necessary. However, consideration of the issue by risk managers is required. Therefore, as a precautionary measure, an assessment was carried out assuming livestock exposure to 2-phenylphenol residues from treated crops. Intake of fruit pomace is only relevant for ruminants. A metabolism study on ruminants was submitted and showed only very low transfer of residues into milk and tissues. 2-Phenylphenol and metabolites could not be identified in the matrices analysed. Therefore, no residue definition for animal matrices could be proposed. Based on the intake calculation for pomace of citrus fruit treated with 2-phenylphenol according to the notified GAP, no significant residues are expected in milk or tissues of ruminants. However, this estimation might have to be re-addressed for pears when relevant data are available. A provisional MRL for citrus fruit was proposed on the basis of six residue trials on mandarins and oranges respectively. To confirm this MRL the notifier was asked to demonstrate that the analytical methods used in the residue trials and processing studies correctly quantify the residues of 2-phenylphenol, 2-phenylhydroquinone and their conjugates and to provide two further residue trials and valid storage stability data. No MRL could be proposed for pears as no valid residue trials were available. A provisional chronic dietary intake estimate for citrus fruit was carried out by the rapporteur Member State. The TMDI was below the ADI for all considered consumer groups. However, the risk assessment is provisional pending further information on the toxicological potential of the metabolite 2-phenylhydroquinone and on additional residue data for citrus fruit and a full set of residue data for pears. With regard to the applied for representative uses and considering that the waste water, including the cleaning water of the drenching system, must be collected and handled as hazardous chemical waste, the contamination of the environment was deemed to be negligible. However reliable data indicated that 2-phenylphenol is not persistent and exhibits medium mobility in soil (based on short duration batch experiments in which equilibrium was not reached). The formation of unextractable residues in soil was a significant sink, accounting for 77.4% AR, while the mineralisation to carbon dioxide accounted for 9.6% AR after 127 days. No major soil metabolites were found. No reliable natural water sediment study was available, however a range of DT50 values of 5.5 - 19 days was estimated for the dissipation of 2-phenylphenol from the water column. 2-Phenylphenol exhibited a relatively fast photolytic degradation in water to innumerable minor photoproducts and to a diketohydroxy-compound (2-hydroxy-1,2-dihydrodibenzo[b,d]furan-3,4- dione) as major transformation product (maximum observed 13.6% AR), which also exhibited photolytic degradation. 2-Phenylphenol is readily biodegradable. 2-phenylphenol was toxic to aquatic organisms (the proposal classification was R50 "Very toxic to aquatic organisms"). Since the exposure of surface water was excluded by the environmental fate and behaviour expert meeting, the risk to aquatic organisms was not assessed. Due to the representative use (indoor), the risk was considered low for terrestrial vertebrates, bees, non-target arthropods, earthworms, soil macro and micro-organisms, other non-target organisms and biological methods for sewage treatment.
Repeated measures analyses of dermatitis symptom evolution in breast cancer patients receiving radiotherapy in a phase 3 randomized trial of mometasone furoate vs placebo (N06C4 [alliance]); Radiotherapy-related dermatological toxicities over time have not been well quantified. We examined during and immediately following radiation therapy skin toxicities over time in a randomized study of mometasone furoate vs placebo during breast radiotherapy. Patients with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy to the breast or chest wall were randomized. Symptoms related to skin toxicity were addressed weekly using provider-reported Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE v3.0) and 4 patient-reported outcomes (PRO) surveys. We applied repeated measures and risk analysis methodologies. One hundred seventy-six patients were enrolled. By CTCAE, significant differences favoring mometasone were detected over time in all toxicities except skin striae, atrophy, and infection. Statistically significant differences between arms at baseline but not over time occurred for all Linear Analog Self-Assessment. Statistically significant differences occurred for all symptoms in the temporal profile of symptoms as measured by PRO surveys (all P < .001). The use of longitudinal methods enhanced the ability of PRO tools to detect differences between study arms. Our results strengthened the conclusions of the original report that mometasone reduced acute skin toxicities. PRO surveys can accurately assess patients' experiences of symptom type and intensity over time and should be included in future clinical trials. For radiotherapy-related dermatological toxicity, we hypothesized that clinically significant differences over time, if any, can be found by repeated measures. We examined the acute skin toxicities in a randomized study of mometasone vs placebo during breast radiotherapy. For secondary end points, we showed that longitudinal methods enhanced the detection of differences between study arms and strengthened the conclusions from the original report. Frequent patient-reported outcome surveys over time should be included in future clinical trials.
Estrogen replacement therapy in women with prior diagnosis and treatment for breast cancer; We followed 49 women who underwent a minimum of 2 years estrogen replacement therapy (ERT) after diagnosis and treatment for localized breast cancer. Forty-three women were treated with oral ERT. In this group, the median age at the time of cancer diagnosis was 46 years (range 26 to 66 years), and ERT was begun a median of 84 months after diagnosis (range 0 to 286 months). The patients were followed for a median of 144 months after cancer diagnosis (range 46 to 324 months), and the median duration of ERT was 31 months (range 24 to 142 months). For six women, ERT was administered as a vaginal cream application. In this group, the median age at time of cancer diagnosis was 46 years (range 38 to 57 years), and ERT was begun a median of 49 months after diagnosis (range 24 to 61 months). The patients were followed for a median of 95 months after cancer diagnosis (range 72 to 154 months), and the median duration of ERT was 47 months (range 27 to 80 months). One patient experienced disease recurrence; she had received surgery for a stage I, estrogen receptor (ER)-positive lesion. The patient began ERT 30 months after cancer diagnosis and developed a recurrent ER-negative tumor 56 months after initiation of ERT. She remained alive without evidence of disease for 10 years since initial diagnosis of breast cancer. Despite the inherent limitations of retrospective experiential data and the need for prospective, randomized trials to assess the safety of ERT, the present observations suggest that ERT does not appear to have a pronounced adverse effect on cancer outcome. Nevertheless, until appropriate clinical trials determine that ERT is safe, caution is needed. (C) 1997 Academic Press.
Evolus® and reduce arterial stiffness Scientific substantiation of a health claim related to <i>Lactobacillus helveticus</i> fermented Evolus® low-fat milk products and reduction of arterial stiffness pursuant to Article 14 of the Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 Scientific Opinion of the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies; Following an application from Valio Ltd. submitted pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 via the Competent Authority of Finland, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver a scientific opinion on Lactobacillus helveticus fermented Evolus R low-fat milk products related to reduction of arterial stiffness. The scope of the application falls under disease risk reduction claim. Evolus (R) products are fermented low-fat, low-lactose milk drinks flavoured with juice preparations made from various berries or fruits. The products contain the two tripeptides Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro, which are released from milk proteins during fermentation with a Lactobacillus helveticus LKB-16H starter culture from the applicant's collection. The strain has been characterised biochemically and its origin and previous food use have been described. Complete specifications, full description of the manufacturing process and stability information, and specifications on the average content of main macro- and micronutrients have been provided for each commercial version of Evolus (R) products. Daily doses recommended by the applicant have been calculated to correspond to about 5 mg tripeptides/daily portion. The Panel considers that Lactobacillus helveticus fermented Evolus low-fat milk food products are sufficiently characterised. The claimed effect is to reduce arterial stiffness in mildly hypertensive subjects, and consequently the risk of cardiovascular disease. The Panel considers that it has not been established that reducing arterial stiffness is beneficial to the health of mildly hypertensive subjects by reducing their risk of cardiovascular disease. A total of 13 publications reporting intervention studies in humans, 9 reviews, 4 meta-analyses and three guidelines were identified by the applicant and considered as pertinent to the health claim. Eleven of the human intervention studies presented had blood pressure (BP) taken at the brachial artery as primary outcome and do not report any measurement of arterial stiffness. Four of them have been conducted with Evolus (R) products. The Panel considers that these studies are not directly pertinent to the health claim under evaluation. The remaining two human interventions presented address the effects of the consumption of Evolus (R) products on arterial 'stiffness indices'. In the first study, 94 (60 women) hypertensive volunteers, who were not on antihypertensive medication, were randomised to consume either 150mL of Evolus (R) products or 150mL of a control milk twice daily for 10 weeks with a double-blind design. Daily doses of tripeptides in the intervention group (52.5mg) were about 10 times higher than daily doses recommended by the applicant for the claimed effect. BP was taken as 24-h ambulatory BP monitoring (24-h ABPM) using an automatic BP recorder at the beginning and end of the study. Arterial stiffness was calculated as ambulatory arterial stiffness index (AASI) from 24-h ABPM measurements. Changes in BP were the primary outcome of the study. At the end of the 10-wk intervention period, AASI decreased significantly from baseline in the intervention group, but not in the placebo group. The Panel notes a number of weaknesses in this study: AASI is not a generally accepted method for the assessment of arterial stiffness, differences in changes between the intervention and the control groups were not reported, the study was not sufficiently controlled for confounders that could potentially have affected the outcome (e.g., background diet and physical activity were not reported). In the second study, 89 (54 males) hypertensive volunteers, who were not on antihypertensive medication, were randomised to consume either 200mL of Evolus (R) products or 200mL of a control milk twice daily for 24 weeks with a double-blind design. Daily doses of tripeptides in the intervention group during the first 12 weeks (10mg) and during the second 12 weeks (5 lmg) were about 2 and 10 times higher, respectively, than daily doses recommended by the applicant for the claimed effect. BP was measured using an oscillometric technique. Aortic stiffness was assessed by pulse wave analysis as augmentation index (AIx), and as time to return of the reflected wave (Tr). The primary outcomes of the study were arterial stiffness and endothelial function. No significant differences were observed between intervention and control groups after the first 12 weeks of the intervention in any of the haemodynamic parameters measured (i.e., AIx, Tr, BP or endothelial function). At the end of the 24-week period, AIx decreased significantly in the intervention group as compared to controls. No significant differences between groups where observed in Tr, BP, or endothelial function at the end of the 24-week intervention. The Panel notes a number of weaknesses in this study: AIx alone is not a generally accepted method for the assessment of arterial stiffness, the clinical significance of the observed differences in AIx changes between the intervention and control groups was not reported, the study was not sufficiently controlled for confounders that could potentially have affected the outcome (e.g., background diet and physical activity were not reported). The Panel considers that the significant weaknesses of these studies greatly limit their value as a source of data to substantiate the claimed effect. The Panel notes that Evolus (R) products, which provide daily doses of 5 mg tripeptides as recommended by the applicant for the claimed effect, have not been tested with regard to their effect on arterial stiffness. On the basis of the data presented, the Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the consumption of Lactobacillus helveticus fermented Evolus (R) low-fat milk products and the reduction of arterial stiffness in mildly hypertensive subjects.
Prophylactic Treatment with Adlay Bran Extract Reduces the Risk of Severe Acute Radiation Dermatitis: A Prospective, Randomized, Double-Blind Study; Acute radiation dermatitis is a frequent adverse effect in patients with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy, but there are only a small number of studies providing evidence-based interventions for this clinical condition. Adlay is a cereal crop that has been previously shown to have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. In this study, we seek to evaluate the effectiveness of oral prophylactic treatment with adlay bran extract in reducing the risk of severe acute radiation dermatitis. A total of 110 patients with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy were analyzed. Using a prospective, randomized, double-blind design, 73 patients received oral treatment with adlay bran extract and 37 patients received olive oil (placebo). Treatment was started at the beginning of radiation therapy and continued until the termination of radiation treatment. Our results showed that the occurrence of severe acute radiation dermatitis (RTOG grade 2 or higher) was significantly lower in patients treated with oral adlay bran extract compared to placebo (45.2% versus 75.7%, adjusted odds ratio 0.24). No serious adverse effects from adlay bran treatment were noted. In conclusion, prophylactic oral treatment with adlay bran extract reduces the risk of severe acute radiation dermatitis and may have potential use in patients with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy.
Nut Consumption and Risk of Cancer: A Meta-analysis of Prospective Studies; Background: Epidemiologic studies have investigated the association between nut intake and risk for multiple cancers. However, current findings are inconsistent and no definite conclusion has been drawn from prospective studies. We therefore conducted this meta-analysis to evaluate the relationship between nut consumption and risk of cancer. Methods: Prospective studies reporting associations between nut intake and risk for all types of cancer were identified by searching Web of Science and PubMed databases up to June 2019. Risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were extracted and then pooled across the studies using a random-effect model. A dose-response analysis was modeled by performing restricted cubic splines when data were available. Results: Thirty-three studies that included more than 50,000 cancer cases were eligible for the analysis. When comparing the highest with the lowest category of nut intake, high consumption of nuts was significantly associated with decreased risk of overall cancer (RR = 0.90; 95% CI, 0.85-0.95). The protective effect of nut consumption was especially apparent against cancers from the digestive system (RR = 0.83; 95% CI, 0.77-0.89). Among different nut classes, significant association was only obtained for intake of tree nuts. We also observed a linear dose-response relationship between nut consumption and cancer: Per 20 g/day increase in nut consumption was related to a 10% (RR = 0.90; 95% CI, 0.82-0.99) decrease in cancer risk. Conclusions: Our analysis demonstrated an inverse association of dietary nut consumption with cancer risk, especially for cancers from the digestive system. Impact: This study highlights the protective effect of nuts against cancer.
Adherence to Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Style Diet and the Risk of Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Objective: Several investigators have proposed a protective association between dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) style diet and risk of cancers; however, they have had inconsistent results. The present study aimed to systematically review the prospective cohort studies and if possible quantify the overall effect using meta-analysis. Methods: PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched for cohort studies published up to July 2018. Relative risks (RRs) that were reported for fully adjusted models and their confidence intervals were extracted for meta-analysis. The random effects model was used to combine the RRs. Results: Seventeen studies were eligible to be included in the systematic review, from which nine reports assessed the association between the DASH diet and risk of mortality from all cancer types, four assessed incidence of colorectal cancer, and two studies assessed the risk of colon and rectal cancer separately. Four studies examined the association with the incidence of other cancers (breast, hepatic, endometrial, and lung cancer). Meta-analysis showed that high adherence to DASH is associated with a decreased mortality from all cancer types (RR = 0.84, 95% confidence interval [95%CI]: 0.81-0.86). Participants with the highest adherence to the DASH diet had a lower risk of developing colorectal (RR = 0.79, 95%CI: 0.75-0.83), colon (RR = 0.80, 95%CI: 0.74-0.87), and rectal (RR = 0.84, 95%CI: 0.74-0.96) cancers compared to those with the lowest adherence. Conclusion: DASH-style diet should be suggested as a healthy approach associated with decreased risk of cancer in the community. Prospective studies exploring the association for other cancer types and from regions other than the United States are highly recommended.
The Relationship Between High Sodium Food Consumption and The Incidence of Hypertension Among Farm Workers at Public Health Centre of Panti in Jember Regency; A very heavy workload of farmers must be balanced with optimal food intake in both quantity and quality. The study aimed to identify the relationship between high sodium food consumption and the incidence of hypertension among farm workersat Public Health Center of Panti in Jember Regency. A cross-sectional study design was performed 248 of farmworkers using stratified random sampling. A self- administered questionnaire was used to identify the sociodemography of farm workers. Food frequency questionnaires and sphygmomanometer were performed to measure food frequency consumption and blood pressure. A Chi-square test was used to analyze the objective of the study (p<0,005). The results showed 33.9% of hypertension incident. There were a significant relationship between food consumption and hypertension systolic, such as: biscuit (x(2) = 10.466; p-value = 0.005), salted fish (x(2) = 12.067; p-value = 0.022), milk and processed products (x(2) = 9.051; p-value = 0.022), coffee (x(2) = 6.025; p-value = 0.049), dan MSG (x(2) = 10.298; p-value = 0.006). Meanwhile, the consumption of tea had a significant relationship with hypertension diastolic (p-value 0.039). This study showed that the frequency consumption on biscuits, salted fish, milk, coffee and food seasonings was related to the incidence of hypertension systolic. Besides, tea consumption was related to the incidence of hypertension diastolic. Therefore, monitoring blood pressure and regulating the consumption food among farmworkers should be maintained regularly per month through non-communicable disease integrated health service post.
Usage of Tacrolimus and Mycophenolic Acid During Conception, Pregnancy, and Lactation, and Its Implications for Therapeutic Drug Monitoring: A Systematic Critical Review; Background: Conception, pregnancy, and lactation following solid organ transplantation require appropriate management. The most frequently used immunosuppressive drug combination after solid organ transplantation consists of tacrolimus (Tac) plus mycophenolic acid (MPA). Here, the effects of Tac and MPA on fertility, pregnancy, and lactation are systematically reviewed, and their implications for therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) are discussed. Methods: A systematic literature search was performed (August 19, 2019) using Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Central Register of controlled trials, Google Scholar, and Web of Science, and 102 studies were included. Another 60 were included from the reference list of the published articles. Results: As MPA is teratogenic, women who are trying to conceive are strongly recommended to switch from MPA to azathioprine. MPA treatment in men during conception seems to have no adverse effect on pregnancy outcomes. Nevertheless, in 2015, the drug label was updated with additional risk minimization measures in a pregnancy prevention program. Data on MPA pharmacokinetics during pregnancy and lactation are limited. Tac treatment during conception, pregnancy, and lactation seems to be safe in terms of the health of the mother, (unborn) child, and allograft. However, Tac may increase the risk of hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm birth, and low birth weight. Infants will ingest very small amounts of Tac via breast milk from mothers treated with Tac. However, no adverse outcomes have been reported in children exposed to Tac during lactation. During pregnancy, changes in Tac pharmacokinetics result in increased unbound to whole-blood Tac concentration ratio. To maintain Tac concentrations within the target range, increased Tac dose and intensified TDM may be required. However, it is unclear if dose adjustments during pregnancy are necessary, considering the higher concentration of (active) unbound Tac. Conclusions: Tac treatment during conception, pregnancy and lactation seems to be relatively safe. Due to pharmacokinetic changes during pregnancy, a higher Tac dose might be indicated to maintain target concentrations. However, more evidence is needed to make recommendations on both Tac dose adjustments and alternative matrices than whole-blood for TDM of Tac during pregnancy. MPA treatment in men during conception seems to have no adverse effect on pregnancy outcomes, whereas MPA use in women during conception and pregnancy is strongly discouraged.
Post-resistance exercise ingestion of milk protein attenuates plasma TNFα and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations; Attenuating TNF alpha/TNFr1 signaling in monocytes has been proposed as a means of mitigating inflammation. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a milk protein supplement on TNF alpha and monocyte TNFr1 expression. Ten resistance-trained men (24.7 +/- 3.4 years; 90.1 +/- 11.3 kg; 176.0 +/- 4.9 cm) ingested supplement (SUPP) or placebo (PL) immediately post-exercise in a randomized, cross-over design. Blood samples were obtained at baseline (BL), immediately (IP), 30-min (30P), 1-h (1H), 2-h (2H), and 5-h (5H) post-exercise to assess plasma concentrations of myoglobin; tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha); and expression of tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNFr1) on classical, intermediate, and non-classical monocytes. Magnitude-based inferences were used to provide inferences on the true effects of SUPP compared to PL. Plasma TNF alpha concentrations were "likely attenuated" (91.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 30P in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.87; mean effect: 2.3 +/- 2.4 pg mL(-1)). TNFr1 expressions on classical (75.9% likelihood effect) and intermediate (93.0% likelihood effect) monocytes were "likely attenuated" from BL to 2H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.67; mean effect: 510 +/- 670 RFU, and d = 1.05; mean effect: 2500 +/- 2300 RFU, respectively). TNFr1 expression on non-classical monocytes was "likely attenuated" (77.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 1H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.69; mean effect: 330 +/- 430 RFU). Ingestion of a milk protein supplement immediately post-exercise appears to attenuate both plasma TNF alpha concentrations and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations in resistance-trained men.
Postprandial metabolic responses to ingestion of bovine glycomacropeptide compared to a whey protein isolate in prediabetic volunteers; Purpose Whey protein was shown to reduce blood glucose responses in humans and various other positive effects have been attributed to this protein. In contrast, studies using glycomacropeptide (GMP) as part of the whey fraction of bovine milk are rare. We, therefore, studied the postprandial responses to GMP administration in humans with impaired glucose tolerance compared to the effects of pure whey protein in a random design. Methods Fifteen prediabetic volunteers received on different occasions one of three test drinks containing 50 g of maltodextrin19 (MD19) alone or in combination with either 50 g GMP or 50 g whey protein isolate (WPI). Blood was collected over 4h with analysis of blood glucose and hormones, gastric emptying rate as well as plasma amino- and fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate and acylcarnitines. Results The WPI drink reduced the AUC of venous blood glucose compared to the MD19 drink in the prediabetic group by 11% (p=0.0018) whereas GMP reduced the AUC by 18% (p<0.0001), significantly different to the WPI drink (p=0.0384). The reduction in blood glucose after the GMP drink was accompanied by a significantly lower AUC of insulin (-34%) than for the WPI drink. Levels of C-peptide and of glucose insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) were highly increased after the WPI drink over the MD19 control drink but remained in essence unaffected by the GMP. Conclusion GMP reduced the glycemic response more potently than whey protein, whereas insulin output was less affected making GMP an interesting protein to control postprandial glucose responses.
Interventions for basal, cell carcinoma of the skin; Background Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the commonest cancer affecting white-skinned individuals, and worldwide incidence is increasing. Although rarely fatal, BCC is associated with significant morbidity and costs. First-line treatment is usually surgical excision, but alternatives are available. New published studies and the development of non-surgical treatments meant an update of our Cochrane Review (first published in 2003, and previously updated in 2007) was timely. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions for BCC in immunocompetent adults. Search methods We updated our searches of the following databases to November 2019: Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and LILACS. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions for BCC in immunocompetent adults with histologically-proven, primary BCC. Eligible comparators were placebo, active treatment, other treatments, or no treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Primary outcome measures were recurrence at three years and five years (measured clinically) (we included recurrence data outside of these time points if there was no measurement at three or five years) and participant- and observer-rated good/excellent cosmetic outcome. Secondary outcomes included pain during and after treatment, early treatment failure within six months, and adverse effects (AEs). We used GRADE to assess evidence certainty for each outcome. Main results We included 52 RCTs (26 new) involving 6690 participants (median 89) in this update. All studies recruited from secondary care outpatient clinics. More malesthan females were included. Study duration ranged from six weeks to 10 years (average 13 months). Most studies (48/52) included only low-risk BCC (superficial (sBCC) and nodular (nBCC) histological subtypes). The majority of studies were at low or unclear risk of bias for most domains. Twenty-two studies were industry-funded: commercial sponsors conducted most of the studies assessing imiquimod, and just under half of the photodynamic therapy (PDT) studies. Overall, surgical interventions have the lowest recurrence rates. For high-risk facial BCC (high-risk histological subtype or Located in the facial 'H-zone' or both), there may be slightly fewer recurrences with Mobs micrographic surgery (MMS) compared to surgical excision (SE) at three years (1.9% versus 2.9%, respectively) (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.16 to 2.64; 1 study, 331 participants; Low certainty evidence) and at five years (3.2% versus 5.2%, respectively) (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.18 to 2.04; 1 study, 259 participants; low-certainty evidence). However, the 95% CI also includes the possibility of increased risk of recurrence and no difference between treatments. There may be little to no difference regarding improvement of cosmetic outcomes between MMS and SE, judged by participants and observers 18 months post-operatively (one study; Low-certainty evidence); however, no raw data were available for this outcome. When comparing imiquimod and SE for nBCC or sBCC at low-risk sites, imiquimod probably results in more recurrences than SE at three years (16.4% versus 1.6%, respectively) (RR 10.30, 95% CI 3.22 to 32.94; 1 study, 401 participants; moderate-certainty evidence) and five years (17.5% versus 2.3%, respectively) (RR 7.73, 95% CI 2.81 to 21.3; 1 study, 383 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). There may be little to no difference in the number of participant-rated good/excellent cosmetic outcomes (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.06; 1 study, 326 participants; low-certainty evidence). However, imiquimod may result in greater numbers of good/excellent cosmetic outcomes compared to SE when observer-rated (60.6% versus 35.6%, respectively) (RR 1.70, 95% CI 1.35 to 2.15; 1 study, 344 participants; low-certainty evidence). Both cosmetic outcomes were measured at three years. Based on one study of 347 participants with high- and low-risk primary BCC of the face, radiotherapy may result in more recurrences compared to SE under frozen section margin control at three years (5.2% versus 0%, respectively) (RR 19.11, 95% CI 1.12 to 325.78; low certainty evidence) and at four years (6.4% versus 0.6%, respectively) (RR 11.06, 9.5% CI 1.44 to 84.77; low-certainty evidence). Radiotherapy probably results in a smaller number of good participant- (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.63 to 0.91; 50.3% versus 66.1%, respectively) or observer-rated (RR 0.48, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.62; 28.9% versus 60.3%, respectively) good/excellent cosmetic outcomes compared to SE, when measured at four years, where dyspigmentation and telangiectasia can occur (both moderate-certainty evidence). Methyl-aminolevulinate (MAL)-PDT may result in more recurrences compared to SE at three years (36.4% versus 0%, respectively) (RR 26.47, 95% CI 1.63 to 429.92; 1 study; 68 participants with low-risk nBCC in the head and neck area; low-certainty evidence). There were no useable data for measurement at five years. MAL-PDT probably results in greater numbers of participant- (RR 1.18, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.27; 97.3% versus 82.5%) or observer-rated (RR 1.87, 95% CI 1.54 to 2.26; 87.1% versus 46.6%) good/excellent cosmetic outcomes at one year compared to SE (2 studies, 309 participants with low-risk n BCC and sBCC; moderate-certainty evidence). Based on moderate-certainty evidence (single low-risk sBCC), imiquimod probably results in fewer recurrences at three years compared to MAL-PDT (22.8% versus 51.6%, respectively) (RR 0.44,95% CI 0.32 to 0.62; 277 participants) and five years (28.6% versus 68.6%, respectively) (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.57; 228 participants). There is probably little to no difference in numbers of observer-rated good/excellent cosmetic outcomes at one year (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.16; 370 participants). Participant-rated cosmetic outcomes were not measured for this comparison. AEs with surgical interventions include wound infections, graft necrosis and post-operative bleeding. Local AEs such as itching, weeping, pain and redness occur frequently with non-surgical interventions. Treatment-related AEs resulting in study modification or withdrawal occurred with imiquimod and MAL-PDT. Authors' conclusions Surgical interventions have the lowest recurrence rates, and there may be slightly fewer recurrences with MMS over SE for high-risk facial primary BCC (low-certainty evidence). Non-surgical treatments, when used for low-risk BCC, are less effective than surgical treatments, but recurrence rates are acceptable and cosmetic outcomes are probably superior. Of the non-surgical treatments, imiquimod has the best evidence to support its efficacy. Overall, evidence certainty was low to moderate. Priorities for future research include core outcome measures and studies with longer-term follow-up.
<i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> F-9-35 Prevents DSS-Induced Colitis by Inhibiting Proinflammatory Gene Expression and Restoring the Gut Microbiota in Mice; Probiotics are considered to be a potential treatment for ulcerative colitis (UC). The aim of this study was to compare the preventive effect of a space flight-induced mutant L. reuteri F-9-35 and its wild type on UC in vivo. Female mice were randomly assigned to five groups: one normal and four colitic. Mice from colitis groups were daily gavaged with 0.2 mL 12% (w/v) skim milk containing the mutant or wild type (1 x 10(11) CFU/mL), skim milk alone or distilled water for the whole experiment period, starting 7 days before colitis induction. UC was induced by administrating mice with 3.5% (w/v) dextran sulfate sodium (DSS) in drinking water for 7 days, after which DSS was removed and maintained for 3 days as a recovery phase. The results showed that the mice fed with L. reuteri F-9-35 had less inflammatory phenotype according to macroscopic and histological analysis, reduced myeloperoxidase activity, and lower expression of proinflammatory genes (Tumor necrosis factor-, cyclooxygenase-2 and interleukin-6) in colonic tissue compared with control. Furthermore, L. reuteri F-9-35 protected the mice from gut microbiota dysbiosis from DDS induced colitis. Neither wild type nor the milk alone had such beneficial effects. From above we conclude that L. reuteri F-9-35 has great potential in the prevention of UC as a dietary supplement. Practical ApplicationUlcerative colitis (UC) is the most common inflammatory bowel diseases and there is still a lack of safe and effective treatments. Consumption of L. reuteri F-9-35 may effective in preventing human UC.
A CINEMATIC MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING STUDY OF MILK OF MAGNESIA LAXATIVE AND AN ANTIFLATULENT DIET TO REDUCE INTRAFRACTION PROSTATE MOTION; Purpose: To determine the reduction of prostate motion during a typical radiotherapy (RT) fraction from a bowel regimen comprising an antiflatulent diet and daily milk of magnesia. Methods and Materials: Forty-two patients with T1c-T2c prostate cancer voided the bladder and rectum before three cinematic magnetic resonance imaging scans obtained every 9 s for 9 min in a vacuum immobilization device. The MRIs were at baseline without bowel regimen (MRI-BL), before CT planning with bowel regimen (MRI-CT), and before a randomly assigned RT fraction (1-42) with bowel regimen (MRI-RT). A single observer tracked displacement of the posterior midpoint (PM) of the prostate. The primary endpoints were comparisons of the proportion of time that the PM was displaced >3 mm (PTPM3) from its initial position, and the secondary endpoints were comparisons of the reduction of initial rectal area, with and without the bowel regimen. Results: The mean rectal area was: 13.5 cm(2) at MRI-BL, 12.7 cm(2) at MRI-CT, and 12.3 cm(2) at MRI-RT (MRI-BL vs. MRI-CT, p = 0.11; MRI-BL vs. MRI-CT, p = 0.07). Moving rectal gas alone (56%) and moving gas and stool (18%) caused 74% of intrafraction prostate motion. The PTPM3 was 11.3% at MRI-BL, 4.8% at MRI-CT, and 12.0% at MRI-RT (MRI-BL vs. MRI-CT, p = 0.12; MRI-BL vs. MRI-RT, p = 0.89). Conclusion: For subjects voiding their rectum before imaging, an antiflatulent diet and milk of magnesia laxative did not significantly reduce initial rectal area or intrafraction prostate motion. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of <i>Streptococcus thermophilus</i> TH-4 on intestinal mucositis induced by the chemotherapeutic agent 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU); Beneficial bacteria (probiotics) and probiotic-derived factors have the potential to ameliorate disorders of the intestine. The aim of this study was to compare live Streptococcus thermophilus TH-4 (TH-4), dead TH-4 and TH-4 supernatant in rats treated with 5-Fluorouracil. Rats were randomly allocated to five treatment groups (n = 8-10): Saline + Water; 5-FU + Skim Milk; 5-FU + Live TH-4; 5-FU + Supernatant TH-4; and 5-FU + Dead TH-4. 5-FU (150 mg.kg(-1)) was administered by a single intraperitoneal injection on day zero; animals were killed on day four. Treatments were administered daily from days -2 to + 3 via oro-gastric gavage. Metabolic parameters were measured daily. Blood was obtained by cardiac puncture, and intestinal tissues removed for quantitative and qualitative histological assessment, including: villus height and area; crypt depth and area, mitotic count and crypt fission; biochemical determination of sucrase and myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity; and disease severity scoring. One-way ANOVA statistical analyses were conducted for the majority of outcome measures. Live TH-4 significantly reduced disease severity score by 13% (p < 0.05), and partially normalized mitotic counts compared with 5-FU + Skim Milk controls. Live and Supernatant TH-4 reduced crypt fission by 69% and 48% (p < 0.05), respectively, compared to 5-FU + Skim Milk controls. No significant differences (p > 0.05) in the occurrence of bacteraemia were evident across all groups. Live TH-4 partially normalized mitotic count and histological severity score in 5-FU treated rats. The inhibitory effect of live TH-4 and TH-4 Supernatant on crypt fission suggests therapeutic utility in the prevention of disorders characterized by increased crypt fission, such as colorectal carcinoma.
TUMOR INDUCTION IN TRANSPLANTED MAMMARY GLANDS IN RATS; Mammary glands were successfully transplanted from randombred Sprague-Dawley rats to recipients, irrespective of whether the transplants were autografts or homografts. Homologous transplantation of mammary glands was successful in both littermates and nonlittermates. Surviving grafts had the histological appearance of normal mammary glands and functioned like the normal mammary glands of the recipients. The grafts showed extensive lobular-alveolar growth, secreted milk when the graft-bearing rats were pregnant, and atrophied, as the mammary glands of the recipients did, when their ovaries were removed. When female rats were fed a single dose of 7, 12-dimethylbenz [a] anthracene (DMBA) and their mammary glands were subsequently transplanted into female recipients, mammary cancer developed in the mammary grafts in the hosts. Mammary cancer developed in a gland transplanted to a recipient as soon as 4 hours after the donor was fed a single dose of DMBA. The incidence of tumors was significantly lower in mammary grafts from male donors than from female donors. Mammary tumors developing in such grafts are hormone-dependent, since they regress after excision of the ovaries.
<i>In Vitro</i> Screening for the Tumoricidal Properties of International Medicinal Herbs; There is growing use of anticancer complementary and alternative medicines (CAMs) worldwide. The purpose of the current study is to assess a sizeable variety of natural and plant sources of diverse origin, to ascertain prospective research directives for cancer treatment and potential new chemotherapy drug sources. In this study, 374 natural extracts (10 mu g/mL-5 mg/mL) were evaluated for dose-dependent tumoricidal effects using immortal neuroblastoma of spontaneous malignant origin. The findings indicate no pattern of tumoricidal effects by diverse plants with similar families/genus under the classes Pinopsida, Equisetopsida, Lycopodiosida, Filicosida, Liliopsida Monocotyledons or Magnoliopsida Dicotyledons. The results indicate that many of the most commonly used CAMs exhibited relatively weak tumoricidal effects including cats claw, astragalus, ginseng, echinacea, mistletoe, milk thistle, slippery elm, cayenne, chamomile, don quai, meadowsweet, motherwort and shepherd's purse. The data demonstrate that the most potent plant extracts were randomly dispersed within the plantae kingdom (LC50 = 31-490 mu g/mL) in order of the lowest LC50 Dioscorea villosa (Dioscoreaceae) > Sanguinaria canadensis (Papaveraceae) > Dipsacus asper (Dipsacaceae) > Populus balsamifera (Salicaceae) > Boswellia carteri (Burseraceae) > Cyamopsis psoralioides (Fabaceae) > Rhamnus cathartica (Rhamnaceae) > Larrea tridentate (Zygophyllaceae) > Dichroa febrifuga (Hydrangeaceae) > Batschia canescens (Boraginaceae) > Kochia scoparia (Chenopodiaceae) > Solanum xanthocarpum (Solanaceae) > Opoponax chironium (Umbelliferae) > Caulophyllum thalictroides (Berberidaceae) > Dryopteris crassirhizoma (Dryopteridaceae) > Garcinia cambogia (Clusiaceae) > Vitex agnus-castus (Verbenaceae) > Calamus draco (Arecaceae). These findings show tumoricidal effect by extracts of wild yam root, bloodroot, teasel root, bakuchi seed, dichroa root, kanta kari, garcinia fruit, mace, dragons blood and the biblically referenced herbs: balm of gilead bud, frankincense and myrrh gum. Copyright (C) 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Associations between potential causal factors and colorectal cancer risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis of Mendelian randomization studies; ObjectiveTo summarize the associations between potential causal factors and colorectal cancer (CRC) risk based on existing Mendelian randomization studies. MethodsThis systematic review and meta-analysis involved a literature search in Embase and Medline. All published articles using Mendelian randomization to explore potential causal factors of CRC were included. Studies that reported Mendelian randomization estimates of standard deviation changes in exposures were included in the meta-analysis. Subgroup analyses based on sex and anatomical sites were performed. ResultsOne hundred and ninety studies presented in 51 articles were included in systematic review, and 114 studies conducted in 32 articles were included in the meta-analysis. Adult body mass index, waist circumference, waist hip ratio, body height, body fat percentage, arm fat ratio, childhood obesity, lifetime cigarette consumption, short sleep, coffee consumption, and blood levels of vitamin B-12, arachidonic acid, stearic acid, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 were positively associated with CRC risk. Conversely, acceleration-vector-magnitude physical activity, milk consumption, and blood levels of adiponectin, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, oleic acid, palmitoleic acid, interleukin-6 receptor subunit-alpha, and tumor necrosis factor were inversely associated with CRC risk. ConclusionsMost obesity-related anthropometric characteristics, several unhealthy lifestyles, and blood levels of some micronutrients, fatty acids, and diabetes-related biomarkers were positively associated with CRC risk. In contrast, some lifestyles and blood levels of some fatty acids and inflammatory biomarkers were inversely associated with CRC risk. Future studies with more valid genetic variants are needed for factors with discrepancies between Mendelian randomization and epidemiological studies.
Microbiota patterns and risk of cardiometabolic disease - opportunities for intervention?; In every human being, there is a substantial proportion (1-2 kg) of total body weight constituted by the gut microbiota content in the gastro-intestinal system. Recent research findings, based on mapping of the microbiome, have stated that in healthy subjects, the gut microbiota richness and diversity is higher as compared to obese subjects or patients suffering from cardiometabolic disease, or even long-standing hypertension when a different and less rich pattern is seen (dysbiosis). Intervention with certain food constituents, e.g. Mediterranean diet or dairy products such as lactobacillae-containing yoghurt, holds promise that this could be of benefit for improved organ function, improved metabolism and lowering disease risk. Randomized, controlled intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that a reduction in dysbiosis induced by external dietary interventions could translate into health benefits.
Increased Concentrations of Insulin Like Growth Factor Binding Protein (IGFBP)-2, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-4 Are Associated With Fetal Mortality in Pregnant Cows; Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) play a critical role in fetal growth, and components of the IGF system have been associated with fetal growth restriction in women. In human pregnancy, the proteolytic cleavage of insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs), particularly IGFBP-4, releases free IGF for respective action at the tissue level. The aim of the present study was to determine IGFBP-2, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-4 concentrations by Western ligand blotting during pregnancy until day 100 in cows and to compare these concentrations with those of non-pregnant cows and cows undergoing embryonic/fetal mortality. Therefore, two study trials (I and II) and an in vitro study were conducted. In study I, 43 cows were not pregnant, 34 cows were pregnant, and 4 cows were undergoing fm. In study II, 500 cows were examined, and 7 cases of pregnancy loss between days 24-27 and 34-37 after artificial insemination (Al, late embryonic mortality; em) and 8 cases of pregnancy loss between days 34-37 and 54-57 after Al (late embryonic mortality and early fetal mortality; em/fm) were defined from the analyses of 30 pregnant and 20 non-pregnant cows randomly selected for insulin-like growth factor 1 and IGFBP analyses. In vitro serum from pregnant (n = 3) and non-pregnant (n = 3) cows spiked after incubation with recombinant human (rh) IGFBP-4 for 24 h, and IGFBP-4 levels were analyzed before and after incubation to detect proteolytic degradation. The IGFBP-2,-3, and-4 concentrations did not decline during early pregnancy in cows, while IGFBP-4 concentrations were comparable between pregnant and non-pregnant cows, irrespective of low proteolytic activity, which was also demonstrated in cows. Interestingly, cows with em or fm showed distinct IGFBP patterns. The IGFBP-2 and-3 concentrations were higher (P < 0.05) in cows with fm compared to pregnant. The IGFBP-4 levels were significantly higher in cows developing fm. Thus, distinct differences in the circulating IGFBP concentrations could be associated with late embryonic and early fetal losses in cattle.
Nutrition and Cardiovascular Health; A multitude of studies have been published on the relationship between cardiovascular disease risk and a variety of nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns. Despite the well-accepted notion that diet has a significant influence on the development and prevention of cardiovascular disease, the foods considered healthy and harmful have varied over the years. This review aims to summarize the current scientific evidence on the cardioprotective effect of those foods and nutrients that have been considered healthy as well as those that have been deemed unhealthy at any given time in history. For this purpose, we reviewed the most recent literature using as keywords foods and nutrients (ie, meat, omega-3) and cardiovascular disease-related terms (ie, cardiovascular diseases, stroke). Emphasis has been placed on meta-analyses and Cochrane reviews. In general, there is a paucity of intervention studies with a high level of evidence supporting the benefits of healthy foods (ie, fruits and vegetables), whereas the evidence supporting the case against those foods considered less healthy (ie, saturated fat) seems to be weakened by most recent evidence. In summary, most of the evidence supporting the benefits and harms of specific foods and nutrients is based on observational epidemiological studies. The outcome of randomized clinical trials reveals a more confusing picture with most studies providing very small effects in one direction or another; the strongest evidence comes from dietary patterns. The current status of the relationship between diet and cardiovascular disease risk calls for more tailored recommendations based on genomic technologies. (C) 2014 Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S. L. U. All rights reserved.
Photodynamic therapy of superficial basal cell carcinoma with 5-aminolevulinic acid with dimethylsulfoxide and ethylendiaminetetraacetic acid: A comparison of two light sources; The aim of this prospective randomized study was to compare the clinical and cosmetic outcome of superficial basal cell carcinomas (BCC), using either laser or broadband halogen light, in photodynamic therapy with topical 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA). A total of 83 patients with 245 superficial BCC were included in the study. Standard treatment involved 15 min of local pretreatment with 99% dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO) before topical application of 20% ALA with DMSO (2%) and ethylendiaminetetraacetic acid (2%) as cofactors for 3 h before light exposure with either laser or a broadband lamp (BL). A complete response was achieved in 95 lesions (86%) in the laser group and 110 lesions (82%) in the BL group 6 months after treatment. Of these, 80 lesions (84%) in the laser group and 101 lesions (92%) in the lamp group were independently evaluated to have an excellent or good cosmetic post-treatment score. No serious adverse events were reported. This study shows that there is no statistical significant difference in cure the rate (P = 0.49) and the cosmetic outcome (P = 0.075) with topical application of a modified ALA-cream between light exposure from a simple BL with continuous spectrum (570-740 nm) or from a red-fight laser (monochromatic 630 nm), Cost and safety are further elements in favor of the BL in this setting.
A Conservative Combined Laser Cryoimmunotherapy Treatment vs. Surgical Excision for Basal Cell Carcinoma; Surgical excision is the standard treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC), but it can be challenging in elderly patients and patients with comorbidities. The non-surgical guidelines procedures are usually regarded as monotherapy options. This quasi-experimental, non-randomized, comparative effectiveness study aims to evaluate the efficacy of a combined, conservative, non-surgical BCC treatment, and compare it to standard surgical excision. Patients with primary, non-ulcerated, histopathologically confirmed BCCs were divided into a conservative treatment (129 patients) and a standard surgery subgroup (50 patients). The conservative treatment consisted of ablative CO2 laser, cryosurgery, topical occlusive 5-fluorouracil, and imiquimod. The follow-up examinations were performed 3 months after remission, then every 3 to 6 months, and were extended with telephone follow-ups. Cosmetic-self assessment was recorded during a telephone follow-up. Subjects from the conservative subgroup presented a clearance rate of 99.11%, and a recurrence rate of 0.98%. No recurrences were recorded in the surgical group, nor during the telephone follow-up. There were no differences regarding adverse events (p > 0.05). A superior self-assessment cosmetic outcome was obtained using the conservative method (p < 0.001). This conservative treatment is suitable for elders and patients with comorbidities, is not inferior to surgery in terms of clearance, relapses, or local adverse events, and displays superior cosmetic outcomes.
The Dietary Supplementation of Copper and Zinc Nanoparticles Improves Health Condition of Young Dairy Calves by Reducing the Incidence of Diarrhoea and Boosting Immune Function and Antioxidant Activity; This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of nano copper (nano Cu) and nano zinc (nano Zn) supplementation on the biomarkers of immunity and antioxidant and health status attributes in young dairy calves. Twenty-four young cattle calves were randomly assigned into four groups (6 calves per group) on a body weight and age basis for a period of 120 days. The feeding regimen was the same in all the groups except that these were supplemented with 0.0 mg nano Cu and nano Zn (control), 10 mg nano Cu (Cu-nano(10)), 32 mg nano Zn (nanoZn(32)), and a combination of nano Cu and nano Zn (Cu-nano(10 )+ Zn-nano(32)) per kg dry matter (DM) basis in four respective groups. Supplementation of nano Cu along with nano Zn improves immune response which was evidenced from higher immunoglobulin G (IgG), immunoglobulin M (IgM), immunoglobulin A (IgA), total immunoglobulin (TIg), and Zn sulphate turbidity (ZST) units and lower plasma concentrations of tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and cortisol in the nanoCu10 + nanoZn32 group. There was no effect of treatment on the plasma concentrations of immunoglobulin E (IgE) and interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma). Antioxidant status was also better in the nanoCu10 + nanoZn32 group as evidenced by lower concentrations of malondialdehyde (MDA) and higher activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), ceruloplasmin (Cp), and total antioxidant status (TAS). However, treatment did not exert any effect on catalase (CAT) activity. Although the nano Cu or nano Zn supplementation, either alone or in combination, did not exert any effect on growth performance or body condition score (BCS), the frequency of diarrhoea and incidence of diarrhoea were lower, while faecal consistency score (FCS) and attitude score were better in the Cu-nano(10) + Zn-nano(32) groups. In the control group, one calf was found affected with joint illness and two calves were found affected with navel illness. During the experimental period, none of the calves in all four groups were found to be affected by pneumonia. The findings of this study revealed that dietary supplementation of nano Cu in combination with nano Zn improved the health status of young dairy calves by improving immunity and antioxidant status.
Metabolic biomarkers, body condition, uterine inflammation and response to superovulation in lactating Holstein cows; The objective was to determine associations between response to superovulation and body condition, subclinical endometritis and circulating metabolic biomarkers [adiponectin, leptin, insulin, IGF1, tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha, interleukin (IL) 1 beta, IL6, and urea] in lactating dairy cows. Ten multiparous lactating Holstein cows in each body condition score (1-5; 1 emaciated; 5 obese) category (BCSC) 2.00 to < 2.50 (BCSC1), 2.50 to < 3.00 (BCSC2), 3.00 to <3.50 (BCSC3), 3.50 to <4.00 (BCSC4) and 4.00 to 5.00 (BCSC5) groups (total n = 50) were randomly selected and superovulated, timed artificially inseminated with frozen-thawed semen from three sires and embryos collected (n = 50 collections). At embryo collection, blood samples and embryo recovery fluid were collected for determination of metabolic markers and presence of subclinical endometritis (lavage technique; > 6% PMN). In total, 379 embryos were collected (average of 7.6 embryos per superovulation). Mean numbers of total ova and embryos was greater for cows in BCSC2, BCSC3 and BCSC4 groups compared with cows in BCSC1 and BCSC5 groups (P < 0.01). Total number of transferrable embryos were greater for cows in BCSC 2 and BCSC3 groups compared with cows in BCSC1, BCSC4 and BCSC5 groups (P < 0.01). Mean number of total ova and embryos and of transferrable embryos was higher for cows with 0 or 1-6% PMN compared to cows with >6% PMN (P < 0.01). In addition, there was a quadratic association between blood urea nitrogen concentrations and % transferrable embryos (r(2) = 0.85; P < 0.05) and between BCS and % transferrable embryos (r(2) = 0.73; P < 0.05). Circulating adiponectin, leptin, insulin, IGF1 and TNFa were greater in cows with moderate to good body condition compared to thin or obese cows (P < 0.05). Circulating adiponectin, leptin, IGF1 and insulin were greater in normal cows (<= 6% PMNs), whereas, TNF alpha and IL beta and IL6 were greater in cows with subclinical endometritis (P < 0.05). In conclusion, BCS and subclinical endometrial inflammation were associated with superovulatory response and embryo quality. Further, circulating metabolic biomarkers were associated with superovulatory response and embryo quality, likely due to donor's metabolic status and uterine environment. Optimizing superovulatory responses and embryo quality in lactating dairy cows requires management of nutrition and uterine health. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Active dry yeast supplementation improves the growth performance, rumen fermentation, and immune response of weaned beef calves; The objective of this experiment was to investigate the potential benefits of active dry yeast (ADY) on the growth performance, rumen fermentation, nutrient digestibility, and serum parameters of weaned beef calves. Thirty Simmental crossbred male calves (body weight = 86.47 +/- 4.41 kg and 70 +/- 4 d of age) were randomly divided into 2 groups: control (CON) (fed basal ration) and ADY (fed basal ration and 5 g/d ADY per calf). The dietary concentrate-to-roughage ratio was 35:65. All the calves were regularly provided rations 3 times a day at 07:00,13:00, and 19:00 and had free access to water. The experiment lasted for 60 d. The average daily gain of ADY group was higher (P = 0.007) than that of the CON group, and the ratio of feed intake to average daily gain in the ADYgroup was reduced (P = 0.022) as compared to the CON group. The concentration of ruminal ammonia-N was higher (P = 0.023) in the CON group than that in the ADY group, but an opposite trend of microbial protein was found between the 2 groups. Also, the ruminal concentrations of propionate and butyrate were higher (P < 0.05) in the ADY group than those in the CON group. Calves fed ADY exhibited higher (P < 0.05) crude protein and neutral detergent fiber digestibility. Supplementation of ADY increased (P < 0.05) the contents of glucose, glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase, immunoglobulin A, immunoglobulin M, and interleukin 10 in the serum of calves, but an opposite trend was observed in malondialdehyde, interleukin 1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor alpha contents between the 2 groups. In conclusion, dietary supplementation with ADY could improve the growth performance, rumen fermentation, nutrient digestibility, antioxidant ability, and immune response of weaned beef calves. (c) 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Dietary Factors and the Risk of Gastric Cancer in Hanzhong Area of China; Background: Dietary factors play an important role in gastric cancer risk. They have not been investigated extensively in Hanzhong area, China. Methods: We conducted a population-based case-control study of gastric cancer in Hanzhong area, China in 2018-2020. A total of 121 patients with historically confirmed gastric adenocarcinomas were interviewed. Controls were an age-stratified random sample of residents of Hanzhong area. The dietary questionnaire was a 70item semiquantitative food frequency adapted for the Hanzhong diet. Odds ratios were calculated for quartiles of consumption of food groups and were adjusted for age, gender, calories, chili pepper intake, cigarette smoking, socioeconomic status, added salt, and history of peptic ulcer disease. Results: There was approximately a threefold increased risk of gastric cancer for frequent consumption (highest quartile) of both fresh meat (odds ratio (OR) = 3.0) and processed meat (OR = 3.3). Odds ratios were also significantly elevated for frequent consumption of dairy products (OR = 3.1) and fish (OR = 3.1). The authors observed a decreasing gradient of risk with increasing frequency of vegetable consumption due to a significant inverse trend for the yellow and orange vegetables. Conclusion: High intake of citrus fruits showed a slight inverse association. These findings are consistent with many studies around the world that indicate important roles for salt, processed meats, and vegetable consumption in gastric cancer risk.
The effect of laughter therapy on radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer: a single-blind prospective pilot study; Background: There have not yet been any published studies on the effects of laughter therapy on radiation-induced dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with radiotherapy (RT). We assessed the effectiveness of laughter therapy in preventing radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer. Methods: Thirty-seven patients were prospectively enrolled in this study. Eighteen patients were assigned to the experimental group and the other 19 patients were assigned to the control group. The patients who were assigned to the experimental group received laughter therapy during RT. Laughter therapy was started at the onset of RT and was provided twice a week until completion of RT. The patients who were assigned to the control group only received RT without laughter therapy. The grade of radiation dermatitis was scored by a radiation oncologist who was blinded to subject assignment. The patients' evaluation of pain within the RT field was also assessed. Results: In the experimental group, radiation dermatitis of grade 3, 2, and 1 developed in five (33.3%), five (33.3%), and five patients (33.3%), respectively. In comparison, in the control group, radiation dermatitis of grade 3, 2, 1, and 0 developed in seven (36.8%), nine (47.4%), two (10.5%), and one patient (5.3%), respectively. The experimental group exhibited a lower incidence of grade 2 or worse radiation dermatitis than the control group (33.3% versus 47.4%). The mean maximal pain scores in the experimental and control group were 2.53 and 3.95, respectively. The experimental group complained of less severe pain than the control group during RT. However, these differences were not statistically significant. Conclusion: The results of this study show that laughter therapy can have a beneficial role in preventing radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer. To confirm the results of our study, well-designed randomized studies with large sample sizes are required.
Phase III Randomized Pair Comparison of a Barrier Film vs. Standard Skin Care in Preventing Radiation Dermatitis in Post-lumpectomy Patients with Breast Cancer Receiving Adjuvant Radiation Therapy; Introduction Patients undergoing adjuvant radiotherapy to the breast often experience radiation dermatitis ranging from mild erythema to moist desquamation. In post-lumpectomy patients, the axilla and inframammary fold are at an increased risk for friction dermatitis. Dermatitis can impact patients' quality-of-life and may require treatment break/cessation. Our objectives are to assess the efficacy of 3M Cavilon Barrier Film (BF) in preventing and/or delaying the onset of grade-two dermatitis and reducing patient-reported sensation scores. Methods A total of 55 patients were randomized to receive BF on the medial or lateral breast. BF was applied twice weekly during treatment. Skin toxicity was evaluated weekly by a blinded clinical investigator using the Skin Toxicity Assessment Tool (STAT) and the modified Radiation Therapy Oncology Group Visual Assessment Score (RTOG VAS). On day one, baseline photographs were taken; seven-to-ten days post-treatment, patients returned for photographs, the STAT/RTOG VAS, and patient-opinion questions in the form of the global questionnaire. Results The paired analysis found BF did not significantly reduce dermatitis either during or post-treatment. However, the unpaired analysis found significantly reduced RTOG VAS on the lateral compartment during treatment (BF: 0.91 vs. Control: 1.21, p = 0.0408). This difference resolved post-treatment. Additionally, BF was able to reduce pruritus (p = 0.047) on the medial components and burning sensations on the lateral components (p = 0.035). There was no significant difference between the time-to-onset or proportion of patients who developed grade-two dermatitis. Conclusion In an unpaired analysis, BF significantly reduced dermatitis on the lateral compartment during treatment. Additionally, BF significantly reduced pruritus and burning sensations. A larger study using a more reliable scoring method is required to clarify the effect of BF on radiation-associated skin toxicity.
Awareness of, knowledge of and attitudes to nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC) and actinic keratosis (AK) among physicians; Background Nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC) is the most common type of cancer that affects the Caucasian population. Approximately 80% of NMSCs are basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and 20% are squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Actinic keratosis (AK) is a precancerous lesion that may develop into SCC. Methods A market research survey was conducted in which dermatologists and primary care physicians (PCPs) were randomly selected from seven countries (USA, Australia, UK, Italy, France, Germany and Spain). Their knowledge of nonmelanoma skin cancer and their current clinical practice were assessed. Results In total, 2100 physicians took part in the survey. They had practised medicine for between 1 and 30 years and saw at least 30 patients in a typical week. The majority of dermatologists (97%) were familiar with BCC and AK, and treated each condition with a minimum of referrals. PCPs were more familiar with BCC (90%) than with AK (74%). Of the PCPs that were aware of BCC, only 31% treated the condition, and of those aware of AK, 40% treated the condition. Surgery was the most common choice of treatment for BCC. The most popular treatment choice for AK lesions was cryotherapy. Eighty to 100% of physicians reported that they discussed skin cancer prevention with their patients. A much lower number of physicians (ranging from 5 to 37%) provided educational material to patients. Overall, PCPs in the two countries that have a high incidence of NMSC (USA and Australia) were more familiar with BCC and AK and more likely to treat each condition than PCPs in Europe. All physicians rated BCC as a more serious condition than AK. Facial lesions were considered more serious than lesions on the head or trunk for both conditions. Conclusions As the burden of disease and the number of patients seeking treatment for NMSC increase, dermatologists are well placed to lead educational initiatives for PCPs and provide educational material for patients. This would increase awareness of AK and BCC and could improve early diagnosis.
Effects of magnesium on postprandial serum lipid responses in healthy human subjects; Postprandial hyperlipidaemia has been recognised to be a risk factor for atherosclerosis development. Epidemiological and animal studies have shown that Mg intake is inversely associated with some risk factors of atherosclerosis, including lipid metabolism. The present study was performed to determine the effects of Mg supplementation on postprandial responses in serum lipid levels. We used bittern (Nigari, in Japanese), a natural MgCl2 Solution from sea or salt lake water, for Mg Supplementation. In it two-way, randomised, crossover study, sixteen healthy male Volunteers consumed 30g butter with or without 5 ml bittern containing 500 mg of Mg. Fasting and postprandial blood samples were taken 2, 3, 4 and 6 h after ingestion. Postprandial lipid responses were evaluated by serum TAG, chylomicron TAG, apo-B48, remnant-like particle cholesterol (RLP-C) and NEFA concentrations. We found that the serum and the chylomicron TAG responses after the fat load were reduced and delayed by Mg supplementation. The concentrations of apo-B48 (P<0.05), RLP-C (P<0.05) and NEFA (P<0.05) were significantly lower at 2 h after the fat-with-Mg meal compared with the fat-only meal. The present study indicated that Mg. supplementation could inhibit fat absorption and improve postprandial hyperlipidaemia in healthy subjects.
Increasing selenium supply during the close-up dry period improves nutrient metabolism and attenuates inflammatory response after calving in dairy cows; The objective of this study was to investigate whether feeding selenium (Se)-replete cows a Se-yeast supplement in late pregnancy affects nutrient metabolism and inflammatory response during the periparturient period. Twenty cows were randomly assigned to two groups with 10 cows each. Cows in one group received Se-yeast at 0.3 mg Se/kg DM during the last 4 weeks before calving in addition to fed a TMR containing supplemented sodium selenite at 0.3 mg Se/kg DM (Se-yeast), while cows in another group were only fed a TMR containing supplemented sodium selenite at 0.3 mg Se/kg DM (Control). Blood samples were collected and analyzed for nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), glucose, insulin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, serum amyloid A (SAA), haptoglobin (Hp), and albumin. In control cows, plasma NEFA, IL-1 beta, IL-6, SAA, and Hp levels increased after calving, but glucose, insulin, and albumin levels decreased after parturition. Se-yeast supplemental cows had lower postpartum concentrations of NEFA, TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, SAA, and Hp, and higher postpartum levels of glucose, insulin, and albumin compared with control cows. The results indicate that feeding Se-replete cows a Se-yeast supplement in late pregnancy improves nutrient metabolism and attenuates the inflammatory response after calving.
Consumption effect of a synbiotic beverage made from soy and yacon extracts containing <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> ssp lactis BB-12 on the intestinal polyamine concentrations in elderly individuals; This study aimed to investigate the effect of a synbiotic beverage made from soy and yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius) extracts containing Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis BB-12 on healthy elderly individuals' intestinal polyamine concentrations. A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial has been conducted with twenty-nine volunteers (over 65 years of age) who either had a daily intake of 150 mL of synbiotic (synbiotic group - S) or placebo (placebo group - P) beverages. Both had the same nutrient composition, except that a probiotic culture was added to the synbiotic beverage. Total experiment time was 8 weeks, which was divided into 3 consecutive phases: a prefeeding period (2 weeks), followed by a feeding period (4 weeks) and a postfeeding period (2 weeks). Stool samples were collected at 3 time periods. Fecal concentrations of poly amines, putrescine (PUT), cadaverine (CAD) and spermidine (SPD) that were obtained during the synbiotic and placebo consumption period were significantly higher (p < 0.05) than those found during the pre-consumption baseline level period. No significant differences in the number of bifidobacteria, clostridia, or enterobacteria were observed in any of the two groups at the three time periods. Similarly, no significant effect on the production of proinflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and anti-inflammatory interleulcin-10 (IL-10) was induced by the synbiotic or placebo beverages consumption. The results herein indicate that both the synbiotic and the placebo beverage consumption have increased polyamines levels, which are often reduced in elderly individuals, without influencing inflammatory responses. In addition, both placebo and synbiotic beverages seems to contribute by maintaining increased polyamines levels.
Protective effect of milk fat globule-epidermal growth factor-factor VIII after renal ischemia-reperfusion injury in mice; Objectives: Renal ischemia-reperfusion injury causes acute renal failure, and the hallmarks of renal ischemia-reperfusion injury are inflammation, apoptosis, necrosis, and capillary dysfunction. Milk fat globule-epidermal growth factor-factor VIII (MFG-E8), a membrane-associated secretory glycoprotein, is produced by immune cells and reported to participate in multiple physiologic processes associated with tissue remodeling. We have recently shown that MFG-E8 treatment attenuates organ injury, inflammatory responses, and survival after sepsis through the enhancement of phagocytosis of apoptotic cells. The purpose of this study was to determine whether administration of MFG-E8 attenuates renal ischemia-reperfusion injury. Design: Prospective, controlled, and randomized animal study. Setting: A research institute laboratory. Subjects: Male C57BL/6J mice (20-25 g). Interventions: Renal ischemia-reperfusion injury with bilateral renal pedicle clamping for 45 mins, followed by reperfusion. A recombinant murine MFG-E8 (0.4 mu g/20 g) was given intraperitoneally at the beginning of reperfusion. Measurements and Main Results: MFG-E8 levels, organ injury variables, inflammatory responses, histology, apoptosis, and capillary functions were assessed at 1.5 and 20 hrs after reperfusion. A 60-hr survival study was conducted in MFG-E8(-/-) and recombinant murine MFG-E8-treated wild-type mice. After renal ischemia-reperfusion injury, MFG-E8 mRNA and protein expressions were significantly decreased in the kidneys and spleen. Treatment with recombinant murine MFG-E8 recovered renal dysfunction, significantly suppressed inflammatory responses, apoptosis, necrosis, and improved capillary functions in the kidneys. In the survival study, MFG-E8(-/-) mice showed a significant deterioration and, in contrast, recombinant murine MFG-E8-treated wildtype mice showed a significant improvement of survival compared with vehicle-treated wild-type mice. Conclusions: MFG-E8 can be developed as novel treatment for renal ischemia-reperfusion injury. This protective effect appears to be mediated through the enhancement of apoptotic cell clearance and improvement of capillary functions in the kidneys. (Crit Care Med 2011; 39: 2039-2047)
Isolation and antihypertensive effect of exopolysaccharides from <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> LC2W; Crude exopolysaccharides were prepared from cell-free whey of skim milk fermented by Lactobacillus casei LC2W by eliminating proteins with trichloroacetic acid and precipitated with ethanol. They were fractionated by anion exchange chromatography into three fractions (LCP1, LCP2 and LCP3) whose yields were 35.74%, 12.61% and 33.34%, respectively. The main fraction LCP1, with a molecular weight of 3.27x10(6) Da, was determined to be a homogeneous component by high-performance size-exclusion chromatography, and the purity was further testified by capillary electrophoresis. The antihypertensive effect of LCP1 was evaluated using spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and normotensive Wistar rats. 16 SHR and 16 Wistar rats were randomized respectively into test groups and control groups. The SHR group was fed with the sample and maltodextrin, respectively, at the daily dosage of 15 mg/kg for seven days and Wistar rats were fed only once. Significant decreases in the systolic blood pressure of SHR were observed (p<0.01) and no change in heart rate. Nevertheless, LCP1 did not show any effect on the blood pressure and heart rate of Wistar rats. The results suggested the fraction LCP1 has significant anti hypertensive effect on rats.
Maternal low intensity physical exercise prevents obesity in offspring rats exposed to early overnutrition; Low intensity exercise during pregnancy and lactation may create a protective effect against the development of obesity in offspring exposed to overnutrition in early life. To test these hypotheses, pregnant rats were randomly assigned into 2 groups: Sedentary and Exercised, low intensity, on a rodent treadmill at 30% VO2Max /30-minute/session/3x/week throughout pregnancy and the lactation. Male offspring were raised in small litters (SL, 3 pups/dam) and normal litters (NL, 9 pups/dam) as models of early overnutrition and normal feed, respectively. Exercised mothers showed low mesenteric fat pad stores and fasting glucose and improved glucose-insulin tolerance, VO2max during lactation and sympathetic activity. Moreover, the breast milk contained elevated levels of insulin. In addition, SL of sedentary mothers presented metabolic dysfunction and glucose and insulin intolerance and were hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic in adulthood. SL of exercised mothers showed lower fat tissue accretion and improvements in glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, insulinemia and glycemia. The results suggest that maternal exercise during the perinatal period can have a possible reprogramming effect to prevent metabolic dysfunction in adult rat offspring exposed to early overnutrition, which may be associated with the improvement in maternal health caused by exercise.
Disposition of soy isoflavones in normal human breast tissue; Background: Despite decades of research on the relation between soy and breast cancer, questions regarding the absorption, metabolism, and distribution of isoflavones in breast tissue largely remain unanswered. Objective: We evaluated the potential health effects of isoflavone consumption on normal breast tissue; isoflavone concentrations, metabolites, and biodistribution were investigated and compared with 17 beta-estradiol exposure. Design: In this dietary intervention study, healthy women were randomly allocated to a soy milk (n = 11; 16.98-mg genistein and 5.40-mg daidzein aglycone equivalents per dose), soy supplement (n = 10; 5.27-mg genistein and 17.56-mg daidzein aglycone equivalents per dose), or control (n = 10) group. After a run-in period >= 4 d, 3 doses of soy milk or soy supplements were taken daily for 5 d before an esthetic breast reduction. Blood and breast biopsies were collected during surgery and analyzed with liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Results: After soy administration, genistein and total daidzein concentrations, which were expressed as aglycone equivalents, ranged from 135.1 to 2831 nmol/L and 105.1 to 1397 nmol/L, respectively, in hydrolyzed serum and from 92.33 to 493.8 pmol/g and 22.15 to 770.8 pmol/g, respectively, in hydrolyzed breast tissue. The major metabolites identified in nonhydrolyzed samples were genistein-7-O-glucuronide and daidzein-7-O-glucuronide, with an overall glucuronidation of 98%. Total isoflavones showed a breast adipose/glandular tissue distribution of 40: 60, and their mean (+/- SEM) derived 17 beta-estradiol equivalents toward estrogen receptor beta were 21 +/- 4-fold and 40 +/- 10-fold higher than the 17 beta-estradiol concentrations in adipose (0.283 +/- 6 0.089 pmol/g, P < 0.001) and glandular (0.246 +/- 0.091 pmol/g, P = 0.001) fractions, respectively. Conclusion: After intake of soy milk and soy supplements, isoflavones reach exposure levels in breast tissue at which potential health effects may occur. Am J Clin Nutr 2010; 91: 976-84.
BREAST-FEEDING AND BREAST-CANCER RISK; A population-based case-control study of breast cancer with a focus on premenopausal women under 45 years of age, conducted in three geographic regions of the United States, enabled the evaluation of risk in relation to varying breastfeeding practices. Among premenopausal parous women (1,211 cases, 1,120 random-digit-dialing controls), a history of breastfeeding for two or more weeks was associated with a relative risk (RR) of 0.87 (95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 0.7-1.0), This relationship was not altered substantially by removing from the reference group women who had problems with breastfeeding in the first two weeks, including those with insufficient milk production. Risk was not related substantially to number of children breastfed or length of breastfeeding, although a relatively low risk was observed among those breastfeeding for the longest duration examined (RR = 0.67, CI = 0.4-1.1 for an average period per child of 72 or more weeks), Women who began to breastfeed at a young age (< 22 years) experienced the greatest reduction in risk, but other timing parameters (e.g., interval since first or last breastfeeding) were not predictive of risk Risks were not modified substantially by age or menopause status, although the number of menopausal subjects examined was limited Use of medications to stop breast milk was unrelated to risk (RR = 1.04), The results of this study do not support the notion that breastfeeding substantially reduces breast cancer risk; however, this may reflect the fact that most of our study subjects breastfed only for limited periods of time (average breastfeeding per child of 30 weeks), Further studies are needed to clarify the relationship of breastfeeding to breast cancer risk, and to determine possible etiologic mechanisms underlying any observed associations.
Effects of mat feeding on the growth performance, removal, and mortality of pigs after weaning; Four experiments were conducted to determine the effect of mat feeding strategy on the growth performance, removal, and mortality of pigs after weaning. In exp. 1, 1,392 weanling pigs (initially 7.0 kg; approximately 24 d of age) were randomly allotted to 1 of 2 mat feeding treatments (mat feed vs. no mat feed). Overall, mat fed pigs had a tendency for improved ADG (P = 0.065) and G:F (P = 0.060) compared to pigs not offered mat feed. Mat fed pigs had fewer removals (P = 0.013) compared to pigs not offered mat feed. In exp. 2, 2,912 weanling pigs (initially 5.5 kg; approximately 21 d of age) were randomly allotted to 1 of 2 mat feeding treatments (mat feed vs. no mat feed). Overall, no differences in growth performance were observed. However, mat fed pigs had decreased (P < 0.026) final body weights compared to pigs not offered mat feed. This may be related to removal rates as mat fed pigs had fewer removals (P = 0.026). In exp. 3, 3,264 weanling pigs (initially 5.5 kg; approximately 21 d of age) were randomly allotted to 1 of 4 treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial with main effects of diet form (pellet or crumble) and mat feeding (mat feed vs. no mat feed). No interactions between diet form and mat feeding were observed. No differences were observed in overall growth performance for the main effect of mat feeding. Pigs offered pelleted feed had decreased overall ADFI (feed disappearance from the feeder and feed placed on the mat; P = 0.013) and improved G:F (P < 0.001) compared to pigs offered crumble feed. No differences were observed in removals or mortalities for the main effect of mat feeding or diet form. In exp. 4, 3,227 weanling pigs (initially 5.1 kg; approximately 21 d of age) were randomly allotted to 1 of 3 treatments consisting of mat feeding small (3.2 mm) pellets, mat feeding large (12.7 mm) pellets, or no mat feeding. Overall, no differences were observed in ADG or G:F. Mat fed pigs had increased ADFI (P < 0.001) compared to pigs not offered mat feed. Given the shorter duration of this experiment, the extra feed provided with mat feeding had a greater impact on overall feed usage than exp. 1, 2, and 3. No differences were observed in removals or mortalities. When combining the removal and mortality data for the four experiments, mat fed pigs had fewer removals (P = 0.002) compared to pigs not offered mat feed. In summary, mat feeding may encourage earlier feeding behavior, therefore reducing the removal rate of pigs post-weaning. Lay Summary Prior to domestication, weaning was a slow process in which young pigs develop new feeding behaviors as they transition from an all milk-based diet to solid feed. However, in modern commercial production, weaning is an abrupt event marked by a multitude of stressors that often interfere with the development of feeding behaviors. This leads to low feed intake and body weight gain immediately post-weaning. For this reason, management strategies, such as mat feeding, have become increasingly important to elicit the natural feeding behavior of pigs at weaning. Mat feeding is accomplished by applying a small amount of feed onto the floor mats of nursery or wean-to-finish pens to introduce weaned pigs to solid feed. Because limited data are available on mat feeding, a series of experiments were conducted to determine the effect of different mat feeding strategies on the growth performance, removal, and mortality of pigs after weaning. Overall, mat feeding had limited effects on the growth performance of pigs; however, mat feeding strategies may encourage the development of feeding behaviors, therefore eliciting early feed intake, and reducing the removal rate of pigs after weaning.
Calf birth weight, gestation length, calving ease, and neonatal calf mortality in Holstein, Jersey, and crossbred cows in a pasture system; Holstein (HH), Jersey (JJ), and crosses of these breeds were mated to HH or JJ bulls to form pure-breds, reciprocal crosses, backcrosses, and other crosses in a rotational mating system. The herd was located at the Center for Environmental Farming Systems in Goldsboro, North Carolina. Data for calf birth weight (CBW), calving ease (0 for unassisted, n = 1,135, and 1 for assisted, n = 96), and neonatal calf mortality (0 for alive, n = 1,150, and 1 for abortions recorded after mid-gestation, stillborn, and dead within 48 h, n = 81) of calves (n = 1,231) were recorded over 9 calving seasons from 2003 through 2011. Gestation length (GL) was calculated as the number of days from last insemination to calving. Linear mixed models for CBW and GL included fixed effects of sex, parity (first vs. later parities), twin status, and 6 genetic groups: HH, JJ, reciprocal F-1 crosses (HJ, JH), crosses >50% Holsteins (HX) and crosses >50% Jerseys (JX), where sire breed is listed first. The CBW model also included GL as a covariate. Logistic regression for calving ease and neonatal calf mortality included fixed effects of sex, parity, and genetic group. Genetic groups were replaced by linear regression using percentage of HH genes as coefficients on the above models and included as covariates to determine various genetic effects. Year and dam were included as random effects in all models. Female calves (27.57 +/- 0.54 kg), twins (26.39 +/- 1.0 kg), and calves born to first-parity cows (27.67 +/- 0.56 kg) had lower CBW than respective male calves (29.53 +/- 0.53 kg), single births (30.71 +/- 0.19 kg), or calves born to multiparous cows (29.43 +/- 0.52 kg). Differences in genetic groups were observed for CBW and GL. Increased HH percentage in the calf increased CBW (+9.3 +/- 0.57 kg for HH vs. JJ calves), and increased HH percentage in the darns increased CBW (+1.71 +/- 0.53 kg for calves from HH dams vs. JJ dams); JH calves weighed 1.33 kg more than reciprocal HJ calves. Shorter GL was observed for twin births (272.6 +/- 1.1 d), female calves (273.9 +/- 0.6 d), and for first-parity dams (273.8 +/- 0.6 d). Direct genetic effects of HH alleles shortened GL (-3.5 +/- 0.7 d), whereas maternal HH alleles increased GL (2.7 +/- 0.6 d). Female calves had lower odds ratio (0.32, confidence interval = 0.10-0.99) for neonatal calf mortality in second and later parities than did male calves. Maternal heterosis in crossbred primiparous dams was associated with reduced calf mortality.
To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of topical 5% imiquimod in cases of oral leukoplakia: A pilot study; Background: Oral leukoplakia is a condition commonly associated with tobacco use. The literature also has documentation pertaining to likely cancerous transformation of leukoplakia. It is always a challenge to discover a therapeutic modality to prevent this transformation. Imiquimod is an immune response modifier possessing antiviral and anti-tumor activity which is being explored as an off label use in many cancerous conditions. Aim: To show any regression in oral leukoplakia and to test its safety and tolerability. Setting and Design: This is a randomized, open-label, single-centered clinical pilot study carried out with Imiquimod. Material and Methods: Two groups OPD of dental college with topical 5% Imiquimod and Topical Vitamin A (50,000 IU) were compared for their efficacy in the management of oral leukoplakia, pre- and post-treatment clinically and regression of oral dysplasia was observed histopathologically. Unit of improvement was noted for assessing the effectiveness of treatment. Statistical Analysis: Quantitative data were analyzed by Wilcoxon signed test. Results: Topical 5% Imiquimod application resulted in good clinical response +1, +2 unit of improvement with more regression of lesion noted in non-homogeneous leukoplakia and areas with less salivary contamination. Topical Imiquimod 5% is the best alternative to conservative management of moderate to severe dysplasia cases where we can offer more to the patient than just observation, and it is also better than a surgical option where surgery leads to more morbidity, in recurrent cases.
Treatment of Actinic Keratoses: A Randomized Split-Site Approach Comparison of Sequential 5-Fluorouracil and 5-Aminolevulinic Acid Photodynamic Therapy to 5-Aminolevulinic Acid Photodynamic Monotherapy; BACKGROUND Actinic keratoses (AKs) are skin lesions resulting from sun exposure and carry a risk of developing into squamous cell carcinoma. Current therapies for AK eradication include topical 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and photodynamic therapy (PDT) with topical 5-aminolevulinic acid ( ALA). However, sequential therapy with 5-FU-ALA-PDT may offer improved outcome compared to ALA-PDT alone. OBJECTIVE The purpose of this study is to compare the long-term efficacy of AK clearance by sequential therapy with 5-FU-ALA-PDT versus ALA-PDT alone. MATERIALS AND METHODS This is a single center, randomized split-site approach study on equivalent anatomical and clinical sites. Seventeen patients were enrolled with one half of the site randomized to receive sequential 5-FU-ALA-PDT and the other side with ALA-PDT monotherapy. Total AKs were counted at baseline, 6 and 12 months. RESULTS Median percentage reduction in AK number at 6 months for 5-FU-ALA-PDT versus ALA-PDT was 100% for 5-FU-ALA-PDT (N = 21) and 66.7% for ALA-PDT (N = 21), p = .001. Median percentage reduction in AK number at 12 months for 5-FU-ALA-PDT versus ALA-PDT was 100% for 5-FU-ALA-PDT (N = 22) and 82.6% for ALA-PDT (N = 22), p = .0002. CONCLUSION Sequential therapy with 5-FU-ALA-PDT is more effective at AK clearance at 6 and 12 months compared to ALA-PDT monotherapy.
The Effect of Calcium plus Vitamin D on Risk for Invasive Cancer: Results of the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) Calcium Plus Vitamin D Randomized Clinical Trial; In the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) trial of calcium plus vitamin D (CaD), we examined the treatment effect on incidence and mortality for all invasive cancers. Postmenopausal women (N = 36,282) were randomized to 1,000 mg of elemental calcium with 400 IU vitamin D3 or placebo. Cox models estimated risk of cancer incidence and mortality. After 7.0 yr, 1,306 invasive cancers were diagnosed in the supplement and 1,333 in the placebo group [hazard ratio (HR) = 0.98; CI = 0.90, 1.05, unweighted P = 0.54]. Mortality did not differ between supplement (315, annualized% =.26) and placebo [(347, 0.28%; P = 0.17; HR = 0.90 (0.77, 1.05)]. Significant treatment interactions on incident cancer were found for family history of cancer, personal total intake of vitamin D, smoking, and Will dietary trial randomized group. Calcium/vitamin D supplementation did not reduce invasive cancer incidence or mortality. Supplementation lowered cancer risk in the Will healthy diet trial arm and in women without a first-degree relative with cancer. The interactions are only suggestive given multiple testing considerations. The low vitamin D dose provided, limited adherence, and lack of serum 25(OH)D values should be considered when interpreting these findings.
Walking or body weight squat "activity snacks" increase dietary amino acid utilization for myofibrillar protein synthesis during prolonged sitting; Interrupting prolonged sitting with intermittent exercise enhances postprandial glycemic control but has unknown effects on sensitizing skeletal muscle to dietary amino acids. We hypothesized that brief walking or body weight squats would enhance the utilization of dietary phenylalanine for myofibrillar protein synthesis (MyoPS) during prolonged sitting. Participants (7 males and 5 females; similar to 23 yr; similar to 25.1 kg/m(2); similar to 7,300 steps/day) completed three 7.5-h trials consisting of prolonged sitting (SIT) or sitting with intermittent (every 30 min) walking (WALK) or body weight squatting (SQUAT). Two mixed-macronutrient meals (similar to 55:30:15% carbohydrate: fat:protein), enriched with L-[ring-H-2(5)]phenylalanine or L-[ring-C-13(6)]phenylalanine, were provided to mimic breakfast and lunch. Tracer incorporation into myofibrillar protein was determined from the vastus lateralis with MyoPS estimated using plasma enrichment as precursor surrogate. Phosphorylation of candidate anabolic signaling proteins was determined by immunoblotting. There was no difference between conditions (P >= 0.78) in the time course or area under the curve for plasma phenylalanine enrichment. MyoPS was greater (P < 0.05, weighted planned comparison) in SQUAT (0.103 +/- 0.030%/h) and WALK (0.118 +/- 0.037%/h) compared with SIT (0.080 +/- 0.032%/h). When compared with SIT, there were moderate-to-large effect sizes, respectively, for SQUAT [effect size (ES) = 0.75; 95% CI -0.10-1.55] and WALK (ES = 1.10; 95% CI 0.20-1.91). Fold change in rpS6(Ser240/244) phosphorylation was greater in SQUAT compared with SIT (7.6 +/- 2.7 vs. 1.6 +/- 0.45-fold, P < 0.05) with no difference (P similar to 0.21) in any other targets measured (4E-BP1(Thr37/46), eEF2(Thr56), mTOR(Ser2448), ERK1/2(Thr202/Tyr204)). Interrupting prolonged sitting with short "activity snacks" improves the utilization of dietary amino acids for MyoPS. The long-term impact of this practical lifestyle modification for muscle mass or quality should be investigated. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Prolonged sitting can impair postprandial glycemia, lipidemia, and insulin sensitivity regardless of previous health status. We demonstrate that interrupting prolonged sitting with brief periods of activity, such as body weight squats or short bouts of walking, improves the efficiency of dietary amino acid utilizations for muscle contractile protein synthesis. This further emphasizes the importance of minimizing sedentary time to improve the postprandial metabolism of all macronutrients.
Multimodal analgesia with gabapentin and local anesthetics prevents acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer; We evaluated the effect of multimodal analgesia on acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer. Fifty patients scheduled for breast cancer surgery were blindly randomized to receive gabapentin, eutectic mixture of local anesthetics cream, and ropivacaine in the wound or three placebos. Pain (visual analog scale) and analgesics were recorded in the postanesthesia care unit (PACU) 3,6, and 9 h and 8 days after surgery. Three and 6 mo later, patients were assessed for chronic pain. The treatment group consumed less paracetamol in the PACU (469 versus 991 mg; P < 0.002) and less Lonalgal (R) (1.0 versus 4.4 tablets; P = 0.003) than the controls, exhibited lower visual analog scale scores at rest in the PACU (P = 0.001) and on postoperative Days 1, 3, and 5 (P = 0.040, P = 0.015, and P = 0.045, respectively), and after movement in the PACU (P = 0.001) and on postoperative Days 2,4, and 8 (P = 0.028, P = 0.007, and P = 0.032, respectively). Three and 6 mo after surgery, 18 of 22 (82%) and 12 of 21 (57%) of the controls reported chronic pain versus 10 of 22 (45%) and 6 of 20 (30%) in the treatment group (P = 0.028 and P = 0.424, respectively); 5 of 22 and 4 of 21 of the controls required analgesics versus 0 of 22 and 0 of 20 of those treated (P = 0.048 and P = 0.107, respectively). Multimodal analgesia reduced acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer.
Overfeeding with a high-concentrate diet activates the NOD1-NF-κB signalling pathway in the mammary gland of mid-lactating dairy cows; Long term high-concentrate (HC) diet feeding induces subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA), which is reported to trigger a pro-inflammatory response. This study aimed to investigate the role of nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain protein 1 (NOD1) in initiating the pro-inflammatory response triggered by grain-induced SARA in the mammary gland of mid-lactating dairy cows. Twelve multiparous mid-lactating Holstein cows (455 +/- 28 kg) were randomly assigned into two groups to conduct the experiment for 18 weeks as follows: one group was fed a low-concentrate (LC) diet as a control (40% grain), and the other was fed an HC diet as a treatment (60% grain). Overall, the results showed that a decreased rumen pH and elevated gamma-D-glutamyl-meso-diaminopimelic acid (iE-DAP) concentrations in the HC group compared with LC group. The concentration of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6 and tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), significantly increased in the lacteal vein of the HC group than LC group. The mRNA expression levels of NOD1, receptor-interacting protein2 (RIP2), NF-kappa Bp65 (p65), IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8 and TNF-alpha, which involved in inflammatory response, were up-regulated in the HC-induced mammary gland. The changes of the target proteins, including NOD1, p65 and pp65 presented the same tendency as those of the target genes. Collectively, long-term high concentrate feeding-induced SARA increased the rumen iE-DAP concentration which activated NOD1-NF-kappa B signalling pathway-dependent inflammation in the mammary gland of mid-lactating cows.
Management of actinic keratoses in organ transplant recipients: an update; Transplant recipients are at high risk of developing actinic keratosis (AK) and skin cancer. For this reason, initiating treatment at an early stage is crucial. Topical and systemic therapeutic options for AK have widely been described in studies of immunocompetent patients. However, little is known about AK management in organ transplant recipients (OTR). Photodynamic therapy (PDT), along with imiquimod, topical NSAIDs and topical 5-fluorouracil have been used on ORT patients in small non randomized studies. Although these studies seem to suggest that PDT offers best results, solid evidence is lacking. Nicotinamide and oral retinoids have also been described as reasonably effective preventive treatments in ORT patients. Management of immunosuppressive drugs is also considered as a key point for reducing the number of AK in ORT patients; an early switch for m-tor inhibitors has been shown to be protective while azathioprine, ciclosporin and tacrolimus have been shown to heighten the risk of developing AKs and skin cancer in this population. (C) 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
LIF after excitation with ultrafast laser irradiation, the response of a single cell and the effect of its scattering environment; New and fascinating field of highly scattering gain media, random lasers and the study of the behavior of such materials of biological significance is presented. Especially the study of the behaviour of various fluorophores embedded in highly scattering matrices. The observed fluorescence signal of the fluorophore quenches in both temporal and spectral domains due to the intense scattering that the photons undergo. This happens when the excitation energy reaches and exceeds a threshold value. Above that value the narrowed fluorescence exhibits the same features as the excitation laser pulse. Lifetime in the order of 50 psec and spectral FWHM in the order of few nanometers are observed. For energies bellow the threshold value the amplification is negligible and the samples behave exactly as those without scatterers. As the excitation energy increases the laser action requirements are fulfilled and the sudden narrowing takes place. Similar studies are underway when various fluorophores are embedded in biological tissues. The final goal is to take advantage of this effect towards a more spatially and spectrally confined agent in Photodynamic Therapy of target tissue lesions on skin or other types of superficial lesions. Very promising in the field of skin PDT would be thin polymer sheets with various dyes, which could be applied directly on the lesion and allow the selection of different irradiation wavelengths using the same laser as excitation source. Thus, improving by far the efficiency of the destruction of different types of cancerous cells. In the biomedical arena, the materials high conversion efficiency per unit volume (greater than or equal to 50 percent in a 250 mum thickness) allows for wavelength-shifted catheters and laser creams, potentially useful for the removal of tattoos and other skin discolorations. In addition, random lasers can be used for wavelength shifting the installed base of lasers for other applications such as photodynamic therapy where narrow-band excitations are required for drugs such as benzoporphyrin derivatives (BPD). As far as detection is concerned random lasers could be implemented in various applications such as medical imaging. The combined use of these materials with chromophores that are selectively absorbed by malignant tumors and the narrowband emission along with the high-emitted intensity could boost the detection efficiency.
A dietary pattern based on estrogen metabolism is associated with breast cancer risk in a prospective cohort of postmenopausal women; Increased exposure to estrogen is a risk factor for postmenopausal breast cancer, and dietary factors can influence estrogen metabolism. However, studies of diet and breast cancer have been inconclusive. We developed a dietary pattern associated with levels of unconjugated estradiol and the ratio of 2- and 16-hydroxylated estrogen metabolites in a subsample of Prostate, Lung, Colorectal and Ovarian Screening Trial (PLCO) participants (n=653) using reduced rank regression, and examined its association with postmenopausal breast cancer prospectively in the larger PLCO cohort (n=27,488). The estrogen-related dietary pattern (ERDP) was comprised of foods with positively-weighted intakes (non-whole/refined grains, tomatoes, cruciferous vegetables, cheese, fish/shellfish high in -3 fatty acids, franks/luncheon meats) and negatively-weighted intakes (nuts/seeds, other vegetables, fish/shellfish low in -3 fatty acids, yogurt, coffee). A 1-unit increase in the ERDP score was associated with an increase in total (HR: 1.09, 95% CI: 1.01-1.18), invasive (HR: 1.13; 95% CI: 1.04-1.24) and estrogen receptor (ER)-positive (HR: 1.13, 95% CI: 1.02-1.24) breast cancer risk after adjustment for confounders. Associations were observed for the fourth quartile of ERDP compared with the first quartile for overall breast cancer (HR: 1.14; 95% CI: 0.98-1.32), invasive cases (HR: 1.20, 95% CI: 1.02-1.42) and ER-positive cases (HR: 1.19; 95% CI: 0.99-1.41). The increased risk associated with increasing ERDP score was more apparent in strata of some effect modifiers (postmenopausal hormone therapy non-users and non-obese participants) where the relative estrogen exposure due to that factor was lowest, although the p values for interaction were not statistically significant. Results suggest a dietary pattern based on estrogen metabolism is positively associated with postmenopausal breast cancer risk, possibly through an estrogenic influence. What's new? Serum levels of estrogen metabolites, which may be influenced by certain dietary factors, are associated with postmenopausal breast cancer risk. However, studies of diet and breast cancer have been inconclusive. In our study, an estrogen-related dietary pattern (ERDP) was developed based on data from dietary questionnaires and serum concentrations of estrogen metabolites in a subsample of control participants and cancer patients. The ERDP strongly correlated with the intake of refined grains, cheese, lunch meats and yogurt. The ERDP was positively associated with postmenopausal breast cancer risk, with stronger effects in invasive and estrogen receptor-positive cases.
Tretinoin peel: a critical view; The tretinoin peel, also known as retinoic acid peel, is a superficial peeling often performed in dermatological clinics in Brazil. The first study on this was published in 2001, by Cuce et al., as a treatment option for melasma. Since then, other studies have reported its applicability with reasonable methodology, although without a consistent scientific background and consensus. Topical tretinoin is used for the treatment of various dermatoses such as acne, melasma, scars, skin aging and nonmelanoma skin cancer. The identification of retinoids cellular receptors was reported in 1987, but a direct cause-effect relation has not been established. This article reviews studies evaluating the use of topical tretinoin as agent for superficial chemical peel. Most of them have shown benefits in the treatment of melasma and skin aging. A better quality methodology in the study design, considering indication and intervention is indispensable regarding concentration, vehicle and treatment regimen ( interval and number of applications). Additionally, more controlled and randomized studies comparing the treatment with tretinoin cream versus its use as a peeling agent, mainly for melasma and photoaging, are necessary.
A new immune-modulating diet enriched with whey-hydrolyzed peptide, fermented milk, and isomaltulose attenuates gut ischemia-reperfusion injury in mice; Background & aims: Gut ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) is considered an important mechanism underlying multiple organ failure after severe surgical insults. We previously demonstrated an enteral diet enriched with whey-hydrolyzed peptide, fermented milk, and isomaltulose to have anti-inflammatory effects in a concanavalin A-induced hepatitis model. Here, we investigated whether the immune-modulating diet (IMD), could prevent systemic inflammation, thereby improving survival in a gut I/R model. Methods: Mice were randomized into control enteral diet (n = 58) or IMD (n = 56) for 2 weeks' feeding. In experiment 1, 39 mice underwent 45 min of gut ischemia, and were sacrificed at 3 h after reperfusion to collect blood samples. Plasma IL-6 and glucose levels were measured. In experiment 2, 75 mice underwent 60 min of ischemia, and their survival was observed until 48 h. Results: Plasma IL-6 and glucose levels of the IMD group were significantly lower than those of control mice. In association with these changes, the IMD improved survival rate at early time points (12 and 30 h) after gut I/R (p < 0.05 chi(2) test). Conclusions: Nutritional management with the IMD may be useful for preventing systemic inflammatory response after gut I/R. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Sodium content of foodstuffs included in the sodium reduction regulation of South Africa; As a first step in combating the high hypertension rate in South Africa, the Government has recently implemented a mandatory regulation (R.214) pertaining to the sodium content of foodstuffs with targets for 2016 and 2019. We aimed to measure the sodium content and establish whether industry is complying with the targets set in Regulation R.214. The sodium content of ten food products, randomly selected from each of the 13 food categories as described in the regulation (R.214) were measured by means of atomic absorption spectrometry subsequent to microwave digestion. The majority of the food products tested comply with the targets for 2016 (72%) and almost half of the products with the 2019 targets (42%). The highest variation was observed in the "all fat and butter spread" (20%) category, as well as the "raw-processed meat sausages" (32%). All of the food categories, except for "flavoured potato crisp, excluding salt-and-vinegar" and "flavoured ready-to-eat savoury snack and potato crisp, salt-and-vinegar only", complied with the 2016 target. South Africa is at the forefront of countries implementing mandatory legislation for the reduction of sodium levels in food. These data provide valuable information with regards to baseline measurements and regulation compliance, therefore enabling future endeavours pertaining to sodium regulation in South African foodstuffs.
Prostatic carcinoma: A nutritional disease? Conflicting data from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; Purpose: The incidence of prostate cancer in Saudi Arabia has been reported to be low at 1.4 to 2.1/100,000 person-years. We prospectively evaluated the true incidence of this disease and its association with dietary factors. Materials and Methods: From 1994 to 1997 inclusive Saudi men older than 50 years treated at our institution for various presenting symptoms and diseases were randomly selected from various departments. They were examined prospectively with digital rectal examination, and total and free prostate specific antigen measurement. Transrectal ultrasound and prostatic biopsy were performed when either test was abnormal. Nutrition questionnaires and detailed interviews with a nutritionist were completed to assess the type of diet, and amount of saturated and polyunsaturated fat consumption of patients with prostatic carcinoma and controls. Results: For the 2,270 Saudi men screened we noted an incidence of 3.1/100,000 person-years. Our nutritional survey revealed that recent fat consumption was greater than 120 gm. per person daily, of which about 40% was from meat and dairy products. Saturated fat comprised about 50% of the total fat intake. There was no difference in the amount of fat in the diet of men with and without prostatic carcinoma. Conclusions: The incidence of prostatic carcinoma in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is low despite a high saturated fat diet in recent years. This finding contradicts most western clinical studies, which indicate a positive association of a high fat diet with prostatic carcinoma.
Dietary factors and the risk of gastric cancer in Mexico City; Dietary factors play an important role in gastric cancer risk but have not been investigated extensively in Mexico. The authors conducted a population-based case-control study of gastric cancer in the Mexico City, Mexico, metropolitan area in 1989-1990, A total of 220 patients with histologically confirmed gastric adenocarcinomas were interviewed. Controls were an age-stratified random sample of residents of the Mexico City metropolitan area. The dietary questionnaire was a 70-item semiquantitative food frequency adapted for the Mexican diet. Odds ratios were calculated for quartiles of consumption of food groups and were adjusted for age, gender, calories, chili pepper intake, cigarette smoking, socioeconomic status, added salt, and history of peptic ulcer disease. There was approximately a threefold increased risk of gastric cancer for frequent consumption (highest quartile) of both fresh meat (odds ratio (OR) = 3.1) and processed meat (OR = 3.2), Odds ratios were also significantly elevated for frequent consumption of dairy products (OR = 2.7) and fish (OR = 2.2). The authors observed a decreasing gradient of risk with increasing frequency of vegetable consumption due to a significant inverse trend for the yellow and orange vegetables. High intake of citrus fruits showed a slight inverse association. Consumption of salty snacks more than twice per month was associated with an 80 percent increased risk, and there was a significant positive trend, These findings are consistent with many studies around the world that indicate important roles for salt, processed meats, and vegetable consumption in gastric cancer risk.
RETRACTED: A meta-analysis of treatment effects of imiquimod for basal cell carcinoma (Retracted Article); Objective We conducted this meta-analysis to assess the efficacy and safety of imiquimod in comparison with other treatments in patients with BCC. Methods A comprehensive literature search was performed in the database of PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science. Outcomes of interest included histological/composite clearance rate, success rate, complete response rate, tumor free survival, and adverse events. Pooled risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a fixed-effects or random-effects model were determined for each outcome. Results A total of 13 studies involving 4256 patients were identified. Imiquimod was associated with significantly higher histological clearance rate (RR = 9.28, 95%CI: 5.56, 15.49; P < .001) and composite clearance rate (RR = 34.24, 95%CI: 21.29, 55.06; P = .001). Moreover, imiquimod also significantly increased complete response rate (RR = 3.15, 95%CI: 1.55, 6.38; P = .001) but had no effect in the success rate (RR = 0.98, 95%CI: 0.89, 1.08; P = .727) and probability of tumor-free survival (RR = 1.15, 95%CI: 0.98, 1.35; P = .088), as compared with other treatments. There were more patients in imiquimod group who developed adverse events than in other treatment group (RR = 2.00, 95%CI: 1.39, 2.88; P < .001). Conclusion This study indicated the effects of imiquimod in improving the histological/composite clearance rates as compared with other treatments. However, its treatment-related adverse events also should be noticed. Our findings supported that, imiquimod could be used as the first-choice treatment for BCC.
Continuous activation of PpIX by daylight is as effective as and less painful than conventional photodynamic therapy for actinic keratoses;: a randomized, controlled, single-blinded study; Background Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a highly effective treatment for actinic keratoses (AK); however, it is time consuming and often painful for the patient. Daylight-PDT would make the treatment independent of the clinic and less painful due to the continuous activation of small amounts of porphyrins during its formation. Objectives The objective of this randomized controlled study was to compare response rates and adverse effects after methyl aminolevulinate (MAL)-PDT using conventional red light-emitting diode (LED) light vs. daylight. Patients/methods Twenty-nine patients with AK of the face and scalp were treated with MAL-PDT in two symmetrical areas. One area was illuminated by red LED light (37 J cm(-2)) after 3-h incubation with MAL under occlusive dressing. The other area was treated with daylight for 2.5 h after the MAL cream had been under occlusion for half an hour. Results We found no significant difference in the treatment effect between the two treatments (P = 0.13), with a reduction of AK lesions of 79% in the daylight area compared with 71% in the LED area. Treatment response in the daylight area did not depend on the intensity of the daylight. Illumination with LED was more painful than daylight (P < 0.0001). Erythema and crusting occurred after both treatments and were similar in the two areas. Conclusions PDT of AK by continuous activation of porphyrins by daylight proved to be as effective as conventional PDT. PDT using daylight activation will make the treatment of these extremely common premalignant tumours more time and cost effective, and more convenient for the patient.
Dietary patterns as risk factors of differentiated thyroid carcinoma; Nutritional factors are known to be important in the development of different metabolic diseases. The history of nodular or diffuse goiter is closely related to risk of thyroid carcinoma. On account of the function of the thyroid gland, many studies focus on iodine intake. The aim of the study was to assess whether dietary patterns could be risk factors of differentiated thyroid carcinoma. Material/Methods: The case-control study was based on a questionnaire, which included information about dietary patterns and was carried out on 284 patients comprising 30 males (mean age 58.4 +/- 13.7 years), and 254 females (mean age 52.1 +/- 13.8 years), as well as 345 randomly selected controls: 58 males (mean age 60.2 +/- 12 years) and 287 females (mean age 53.4 +/- 14.3 years) randomly selected from the Population Register and adjusted by age and gender to the group of TC. The main groups of nutritional products, i.e. starchy foods, meat, dairy products, vegetables, fruits, and beverages, were analyzed. Results: Consumption of vegetables, fruits, saltwater fish and cottage cheese was significantly lower in patients with differentiated thyroid carcinoma than in controls, quite the contrary to starchy foods, especially white bread. Conclusions: Dietary patterns appear to modify the risk of thyroid carcinoma. A diet rich in vegetables and fruit, as well as saltwater fish (a source of iodine) and low-fat meat, could be an important protective factor.
Effects of group size on the behaviour, heart rate, immunity, and growth of Holstein dairy calves; This study investigated the effect of group size on the behaviour, heart rate, immunity, and growth of Holstein calves. A total of 132 calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments from birth to 46 days of age. These included single housed (S) or group housed with three (G3), six (G6), or twelve calves (G12) with six replicates for each. Behavioural responses were observed at 15, 30, and 45 days of age, and then physiological activities, including heart rate (HR) and saliva secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA) levels, were measured. The serum immune indices of interleukin-2 (IL-2), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and growth were measured at 16, 31, and 46 days of age. Group-housed calves exhibited significantly increased self-grooming, allogrooming, locomotive play, social play, exploration, standing, and walking behaviours and decreased lying behaviour (P < 0.05). In contrast, S calves exhibited increased tongue-rolling behaviour than group-housed calves (P < 0.05). However, there was no significant HR difference among the treatments, except for G12 calves at 15 days of age, which yielded the highest HR (118.13 +/- 10.73 times/min; P < 0.05) level. Levels of saliva secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA) were highest in G12 calves (28.69 +/- 1.58 ng/mL), which first decreased and then considerably increased as the S calves (27.41 +/- 1.09, 20.60 +/- 1.36, and 26.79 +/- 1.31 ng/mL; P < 0.05) increased in age. Concentrations of serum IL-2, IL-6, and TNT-alpha in the group-housed calves were higher than those in the S group (P < 0.05). Body weight (BW) in G12 calves was lower than that of other groups (57.25 +/- 1.50 kg; P < 0.05). S calves displayed lower voluntary solid feed intake (VFI) and higher body length (BL) than grouped calves (2.02 +/- 0.20 kg, 84.32 +/- 0.83 cm; P < 0.05). The withers height (WH) was higher in S and G3 calves than G6 and G12 calves at 46 days of age (90.23 +/- 2.21, 89.65 +/- 2.18 cm vs 87.88 +/- 1.59, 87.25 +/- 1.53 cm; P < 0.05). Taken together, our study suggests that before weaning, group-housed calves exhibit more natural behaviours, higher levels of immunity, and solid feed intake than solitary calves.
Experimental and computational studies of fatty acid distribution networks; Unbalanced uptake of Omega 6/Omega 3 (omega-6/omega-3) ratios could increase chronic disease occurrences, such as inflammation, atherosclerosis, or tumor proliferation, and methylation methods for measuring the ruminal microbiome fatty acid (FA) composition/distribution play a vital role in discovering the contribution of food components to ruminant products (e.g., meat and milk) when pursuing a healthy diet. Hansch's models based on Linear Free Energy Relationships (LFERs) using physicochemical parameters, such as partition coefficients, molar refractivity, and polarizability, as input variables (V-k) are advocated. In this work, a new combined experimental and theoretical strategy was proposed to study the effect of omega-6/omega-3 ratios, FA chemical structure, and other factors over FA distribution networks in the ruminal microbiome. In step 1, experiments were carried out to measure long chain fatty acid (LCFA) profiles in the rumen microbiome (bacterial and protozoan), and volatile fatty acids (VFAs) in fermentation media. In step 2, the proportions and physicochemical parameter values of LCFAs and VFAs were calculated under different boundary conditions (c(j)) like c(1) = acid and/or base methylation treatments, c(2) = with/without fermentation, c(3) = FA distribution phase (media, bacterial, or protozoan microbiome), etc. In step 3, Perturbation Theory (PT) and LFER ideas were combined to develop a PT-LFER model of a FA distribution network using physicochemical parameters (V-k), the corresponding Box-Jenkins (Delta V-kj) and PT operators (Delta Delta V-kj) in statistical analysis. The best PT-LFER model found predicted the effects of perturbations over the FA distribution network with sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy > 80% for 407 655 cases in training + external validation series. In step 4, alternative PT-LFER and PT-NLFER models were tested for training Linear and Non-Linear Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs). PT-NLFER models based on ANNs presented better performance but are more complicated than the PT-LFER model. Last, in step 5, the PT-LFER model based on LDA was used to reconstruct the complex networks of perturbations in the FA distribution and compared the giant components of the observed and predicted networks with random Erdos-Renyi network models. In short, our new PT-LFER model is a useful tool for predicting a distribution network in terms of specific fatty acid distribution.
Effect of HMB/Arg/Gln on the Prevention of Radiation Dermatitis in Head and Neck Cancer Patients Treated with Concurrent Chemoradiotherapy; Objective: This prospective randomized Phase II study was designed to evaluate the preventive effect of an oral nutrition supplement composed of beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate, arginine and glutamine (beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate/arginine/glutamine) on radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients. Methods: Forty patients with histologically proven head and neck cancer, treated with concurrent chemoradiotherapy involving cisplatin were recruited. They were randomly assigned to the beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate/arginine/glutamine supplement treatment group (Group A) or the control group that received no supplement (Group B). The primary endpoint of this study was the percentage of patients developing >= Grade 3 dermatitis. The secondary endpoints were the percentage of patients developing >= Grade 2 dermatitis, and the duration of each grade of dermatitis relative to the observation period. Results: The incidence of >= Grade 3 dermatitis did not differ between the two groups. However, as secondary endpoints of this study, the incidence of >= Grade 2 dermatitis was lower in Group A than B (62.6 vs. 94.4%; P < 0.05), and the duration of >= Grade 1 dermatitis was shorter in Group A than B (44.8 vs. 56.7%; P < 0.01), as was the duration of >= Grade 2 dermatitis (16.5 vs. 26.5%; P < 0.05). Conclusions: Our study indicated that beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate/arginine/glutamine supplementation was potentially effective in the prevention of radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients.
Topical corticosteroid therapy for acute radiation dermatitis: a prospective, randomized, double-blind study; Background Radiation dermatitis is a common side-effect of radiation therapy, but there is no current consensus about its appropriate therapy. Objectives To compare treatment with topical 0.1% methylprednisolone vs. 0.5% dexpanthenol in a cohort of patients undergoing fractionated radiation therapy for breast cancer. Methods In a randomized, double-blind design, treatment was initiated at the beginning of radiation therapy and continued for 2 weeks after termination of radiation. Outcomes were compared by three different measures: clinical (symptom score), functional (transepidermal water loss, TEWL) and subjective (quality of life, QOL). Results In a preliminary cohort of untreated patients undergoing radiation therapy, clinical signs and TEWL levels increased progressively during radiation therapy, reaching highest values at 5 and 4 weeks, respectively. Although neither topical treatment reduced the incidence of radiation dermatitis, both delayed the emergence of greatest clinical and TEWL scores until approximately 6 and 5 weeks, respectively. With topical corticosteroids, clinical symptoms and TEWL were less pronounced than with dexpanthenol. Whereas general QOL improved after completion of radiation therapy, skin-related QOL declined. However, the skin-related QOL decline could be at least in part reversed by use of topical corticosteroid vs. dexpanthenol-containing emollient. Conclusions We provide evidence that prophylactic and ongoing use of topical therapy with either topical corticosteroid or a dexpanthenol-containing emollient ameliorates, but does not prevent radiation dermatitis. Our data suggest, but do not prove, a benefit of a topical corticosteroid vs. a dexpanthenol-containing emollient. Further controlled studies with larger cohorts will be needed to determine optimal forms of topical therapy for radiation dermatitis.
Prophylactically applied Hydrofilm polyurethane film dressings reduce radiation dermatitis in adjuvant radiation therapy of breast cancer patients; Purpose: Radiation-induced skin injury represents one of the most common side effects in breast cancer patients receiving adjuvant whole-breast radiotherapy. Numerous systemic and topical treatments have been studied in the prevention and management of radiation-induced skin injury without providing sustainable treatment strategies. While superficial barrier-forming skin products such as dressings are the standard of care in wound care management, their utilization as preventive treatment approach in radiotherapy has barely attracted attention. Methods: In this prospective, intra-patient randomized study, Hydrofilm polyurethane film dressings were applied prophylactically to either the medial or lateral breast half of 62 patients with breast cancer undergoing adjuvant radiation therapy following breast conserving surgery. The breast half contralateral to the film dressing was concurrently treated with 5% urea lotion as control skin care. Maximum severity of radiation dermatitis was assessed using RTOG/EORTC toxicity scores, photospectrometric erythema measurements and patient-assessed modified RISRAS scale. Results: In the Hydrofilm compartments, mean maximum RTOG/EORTC radiation dermatitis severity grades were significantly reduced from 133 to 0.35 and photospectrometric measurements showed significantly reduced erythema severity, as compared to the control compartments, with an overall response rate of 89.3%. Hydrofilm completely prevented moist desquamation and significantly reduced patients' subjective experience of itching and pain. Conclusion: The obtained results along with a favorable cost-benefit ratio and an easy and quick application suggest a prophylactic application of Hydrofilm in adjuvant radiotherapy of breast cancer patients to reduce or even prevent radiation dermatitis.
EXPOSURE TO BREAST-MILK IN INFANCY AND THE RISK OF BREAST-CANCER; Early childhood nutrition may affect the subsequent risk of breast cancer in adulthood. We examined the association of having been breastfed with risk of breast cancer in a case-control study of women age 40-85 years in western New York. Cases (N = 528) had newly diagnosed primary, pathologically confirmed breast cancer; controls (N = 602) were randomly selected from the same community and were frequency matched on age. Having been breastfed was associated with decreased risk. The multivariate adjusted odds ratio was 0.74, and the 95% confidence interval was 0.56-0.99. We found little difference in the association for pre- and post-menopausal women despite a much higher frequency of breastfeeding among the older women. These findings indicate that early nutriture in general and bottle feeding in particular may relate to breast cancer development in adulthood.
Path analysis of skin cancer preventive behavior among the rural women based on protection motivation theory; Background Determining the effective factors on the adoption of preventive behaviors capable of reducing the risk of skin cancer is an important step in designing interventions to promote these behaviors. Based on the protection motivation theory, the present study is aimed to conduct a path analysis of skin cancer preventive behaviors in rural women to explore these factors. Methods In this cross-sectional study, 243 rural women were randomly selected from the west of Iran to receive a valid and reliable questionnaire assessing constructs from the protection motivation theory, as well as demographic information. Fully completed questionnaires were returned by 230 women and the data were analyzed by SPSS 22 and LISREL8.8. Results Concerning skin cancer preventive behaviors, 27.8% of women wore sun-blocking clothing when working under the sun, 21.7% used sunscreen cream, 5.7% wore a cap, and 4.8% used gloves and sunglasses. Protection motivation theory and per capita income explained 51% of motivation variance and 25% of the variance of skin cancer preventive behaviors. The response efficacy construct was the strongest predictor of the motivation of protection (ss = - 0.44,p < 0/001). Per-capita income (ss = - 0.34,p < 0/001) and motivation (ss = - 0.33,p < 0/001) were the strongest predictors of these behaviors. Conclusions This study showed that protection motivation theory is efficient in predicting skin cancer preventive behaviors and the interventions can be designed and implemented by this theory. Proper planning is also necessary for promoting these behaviors among people with low per-capita income.
EFFECT OF DIFFERENTIAL PARITY THROUGH 5 GENERATIONS ON INCIDENCE OF TUMORS IN C3HF MICE; Age-specific rates and incidence of mammary tumors were compared in a primiparous and a multiparous line of inbred mice bred for 5 generations from the same original brother X sister pair of mice free of the milk factor. The primiparous line developed tumors earlier and at a higher rate. First daughters of the multiparous line tended to revert to the higher rate. Virus particles of both types A and B were found. They were morphologically identical with those previously described in mammary tumors. Tumors in the families of both the multiparous and the primiparous lines were randomly distributed. Within the multiparous line, mothers without tumors at death yielded offspring with mammary tumors. A viral agent is transmitted at the time of conception through the cytoplasm of the ova or sperm or both, a concept similar to that of the CO2 sensitivity factor in Drosophila, i.e., hereditary symbiosis.
Effects of Casein Hydrolysate on the Systolic Blood Pressure and Serum Lipid Profiles in Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats; The effects of casein hydrolysate on blood pressure (BP) and serum lipid profiles were investigated in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). Twenty-four 6-wk old male SHRs were assigned to 3 groups in a completely randomized design. Experimental groups were as follow: control, market milk group (MLG) and casein hydrolysate group (CHG). Reference blood pressure (REP) showed average 198.94 +/- 1.46 mmHg. Blood pressure (BP) of CHG reduced 24 mmHg after 2 wk of treatment, but these increased after 3 wk. BP of CHG was significantly lower than BP of Control in experimental time (p<0.05). Serum lipid profiles were not differ significantly among groups (p<0.05). These data suggest that casein hydrolysate may beneficially improvement of blood pressure level in SHR.
Study on the Anti-tumor Activity and Structural Changes of Bovine Lactoferrin-Oleic Acid and Linoleic Acid Complex; Bovine lactoferrin (LF) was used to prepare complexes with oleic acid (OA) and linoleic acid (LnA), the anti-tumor activity of the lactoferrin-oleic acid complex (LF-OA) and lactoferrin-linoleic acid complex (LF-LnA) was measured on liver cancer, colon cancer and breast cancer cells using the methylene blue method. The structure changes of LF induced by binding of OA and LnA, including hydrophobic amino acids, hydrophobic regions, tertiary structure, secondary structure, was studied by intrinsic fluorescence, ANS-binding intrinsic fluorescence and circular dichroism spectrum, respectively. Both of LF-OA and LF-LnA exhibited profound anti-tumor activity on the three types of tumor cells. A significant red-shift of LF occurred after binding of OA and LnA, respectively. Meanwhile, the ANS-binding spectra of LF exhibited a blue-shift with an increasing fluorescence intensity. It can be indicated from the fluorescence spectra results that binding of OA and LA lead to the exposure of hydrophobic amino acids and hydrophobic regions. Furthermore, circular dichroism spectra suggested a partial loss of the tertiary structure, a decrease in the content of alpha-helix and beta-turn with the increase of beta-sheet and random coil structure. Here in this study, we successfully prepared the two antitumor LF-OA and LF-LnA complexes, which exhibited a profound prospect of cancer therapy.
Obestatin Reduces Intestinal Damage in Experimental Necrotizing Enterocolitis in Newborn Rats; Objective To investigate the effect of pretreatment with obestatin (OB), an endogenous hormone also found in mother's milk, in experimental necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Study Design Pups were randomized into four groups: control, OB-control, NEC, and OB-NEC. NEC was induced by asphyxia and hypothermia in the NEC and OB-NEC groups. OB was administered to the OB-control and OB-NEC groups. Macroscopic scoring of the intestinal tract was evaluated and tissue samples were obtained for histopathological and biochemical examination on the fourth day. Results OB improved the macroscopic appearance of the gut and the clinical score during the experiment ( p < 0.05). The rate of occurrence of NEC in the OB-NEC group was lower than the NEC group ( p = 0.001). OB prevented necrosis and reduced the number of apoptotic cells in the OB-NEC group compared with the NEC group ( p = 0.006). Furthermore, interleukin-6 and malondialdehyde levels in the OB-NEC group were lower than the NEC group ( p < 0.05). Conclusion OB reduced intestinal damage and prevented necrosis through anti-inflammatory and antiapoptotic effects in experimental NEC. This effect of OB should be confirmed in clinical studies. Furthermore, future research should investigate whether OB plays a role in NEC pathogenesis or NEC is associated with OB levels in the serum and in breast milk.
Sodium Danshensu promotes the healing of stage 2 pressure injury wounds in ischemia/reperfusion injury rat models: possible regulation of apoptosis and inflammatory response; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the protective effect and possible mechanism of sodium Danshensu (SDSS) against pressure injury caused by ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury. METHODS: Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups of eight rats each: control group, model group, 10 mg/kg SDSS-treated group, 20 mg/kg SDSS-treated group, and 40 mg/kg SDSS-treated group. We used two round ferrite magnetic plates of 15 mm diameter and 3 mm thickness to establish stage 2 pressure injury model rats. Each rat was subjected to five cycles of ischemia and reperfusion to induce pressure injury. One cycle consisted of 2 h of ischemia and 0.5 h of reperfusion, which meant that each cycle included 2 h of pressure and 0.5 h of pressure relief. The outline of the wound was delineated by butter paper and marker pen, and histopathological changes were observed by hematoxylin and eosin staining. In addition, the number of apoptotic cells and the activity of caspase-3 were assessed by terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated nick end labeling and caspase-3 assay kits, respectively. The expression of apoptosis-regulatory proteins and inflammatory mediators was investigated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: Results showed that treatment with SDSS for 7 d after establishing the pressure injury model remarkably improved the healing rate of the wound. SDSS also inhibited the levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, myeloperoxidase, and intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1; decreased the number of apoptotic cells; increased the ratio of B-cell lymphoma-2 (Bcl-2) / Bcl-2-associated X (Bax); and regulated the expression and activity of caspase-3. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that SDSS exhibits a treatment efficacy for pressure injury caused by I/R injury possibly by inhibiting apoptosis and inflammatory response. (C) 2021 JTCM. All rights reserved.
Higher Yogurt Consumption Is Associated With Lower Risk of Colorectal Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Background: Yogurt is known to be nutrient-rich and probiotic content, which gather optimism due to their potential role in preventing and managing cancers. The effect of yogurt consumption on colorectal cancer (CRC) is inconsistent.Objective: This study aims to investigate the association of yogurt consumption with the risk of CRC.Methods: Three databases, namely, PubMed, Web of Science, and Embase, were searched for all relevant studies from July 2021 on the association of yogurt consumption with CRC risk. We pooled the odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% CIs using a random-effects meta-analysis to assess the association.Results: Finally, 16 studies met the inclusion criteria and were chosen in the meta-analysis. Yogurt consumption was significant with lower risk of CRC risk in the overall comparison (OR = 0.87, 95% CI: 0.81-0.94), in the cohort studies (OR = 0.91, 95% CI: 0.86-0.97), and case-control studies (OR = 0.75, 95% CI: 0.65-0.85). With regard to subgroup analyses by study region, cancer type, publication year, and sex, yogurt consumption significantly decreased overall CRC, colon cancer, and distal colon cancer risks. In stratified analyses, we observed significantly decreased CRC risk in Europe and Africa and published after 2010 and overall population. Sensitivity analysis indicated the result is stable and there is no publication bias in the meta-analysis.Conclusions: Overall, this study indicated that yogurt intake was related to a decreased risk of CRC.
Mendelian Randomization: How It Can-and Cannot-Help Confirm Causal Relations between Nutrition and Cancer; Observational epidemiologic studies of nutrition and cancer have faced formidable methodologic obstacles, including dietary measurement error and confounding. We consider whether Mendelian randomization can help surmount these obstacles. The Mendelian randomization strategy, building on both the accuracy of genotyping and the random assortment of alleles at meiosis, involves searching for an association between a nutritional exposure-mimicking gene variant (a type of "instrumental variable") and cancer outcome. Necessary assumptions are that the gene is independent of cancer, given the exposure, and also independent of potential confounders. An allelic variant can serve as a proxy for diet and other nutritional factors through its effects on either metabolic processes or consumption behavior. Such a genetic proxy is measured with little error and usually is not confounded by nongenetic characteristics. Examples of potentially informative genes include LCT (lactase), ALDH2 (aldehyde dehydrogenase), and HFE (hemochromatosis), proxies, respectively, for dairy product intake, alcoholic beverage drinking, and serum iron levels. We show that use of these and other genes in Mendelian randomization studies of nutrition and cancer may be more complicated than previously recognized and discuss factors that can invalidate the instrumental variable assumptions or cloud the interpretation of these studies. Sample size requirements for Mendelian randomization studies of nutrition and cancer are shown to be potentially daunting; strong genetic proxies for exposure are necessary to make such studies feasible. We conclude that Mendelian randomization is not universally applicable, but, under the right conditions, can complement evidence for causal associations from conventional epidemiologic studies.
FOOD-GROUP CONSUMPTION AND COLON CANCER IN THE ADELAIDE CASE-CONTROL STUDY .1. VEGETABLES AND FRUIT; Previous epidemiologic studies have shown an inverse association between vegetable and fruit consumption and risk of colon cancer. Vegetables and fruit contain a large number of potentially anti-carcinogenic substances, thus lending biological plausibility to this association. We conducted a case-control study in Australia, comparing 220 persons with histologically confirmed incident adenocarcinoma of the colon with 438 age- and gender-matched controls. Cases were identified via the South Australian Cancer Registry (1979-80); controls were randomly selected from the electoral roll. All participants completed a 141-item food-frequency questionnaire and were interviewed regarding demographic and other information. Consumption of 15 vegetable and fruit groups was investigated. Odds ratios (OR) for quartiles of consumption were derived using conditional logistic regression. All analyses were conducted separately for females and males. For females, greater intakes of onions and legumes were associated with decreased risk, with protein-adjusted OR of 0.48 and 0.53 respectively. Greater intakes of raw fruit and cabbage were associated with protein-adjusted OR of 0.76 and 0.71 respectively. For males, greater intakes of onions, green leafy vegetables, legumes, carrots and cabbage were associated with protein-adjusted OR in the range of 0.72 to 0.77. Consumption of potatoes was positively associated with risk in both genders. All 95% confidence intervals included 1.0. Analyses stratified by colon-cancer sub-site showed no strong and consistent differences between sub-sites for the vegetable and fruit associations. Results for meat, poultry, seafood, dairy foods and eggs are presented in a companion report.
Vitamin D Intake and Risk of Skin Cancer in US Women and Men; Previous studies suggested a protective effect of vitamin D against skin cancer development. However, epidemiologic studies on orally taken vitamin D and risk of skin cancer (basal cell carcinoma [BCC], squamous cell carcinoma [SCC], and melanoma) are few. We prospectively evaluated whether total, dietary and supplemental vitamin D intake were associated with skin cancer risk based on 63,760 women in the Nurses' Health Study (1984-2010) and 41,530 men in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study (1986-2010). Dietary information on vitamin D intake was assessed every 2 to 4 years during the follow-up and cumulative averaged intake was used. We used Cox proportional hazard models to compute the hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Pooled HR of cohort-specific results were calculated using a random-effects model. During the follow-up, we documented 20,840 BCC, 2,329 SCC and 1,320 melanoma cases. Vitamin D consumption was not associated with the risk of SCC or melanoma but was modestly positively associated with BCC; the pooled HRs of BCC for extreme quintiles of vitamin D intake were 1.10 (95% CI = 1.05-1.15; P-trend = 0.05) for total vitamin D and 1.13 (95% CI = 1.07 to 1.20; P-trend < 0.01) for dietary vitamin D. Stratified analysis according to sun exposure related factors showed similar results. In conclusion, vitamin D intake was positively associated with risk of BCC, while null associations were found with SCC and melanoma. Our data do not support a beneficial role of orally taken vitamin D on skin cancer carcinogenesis.
Association between Ambient Ultraviolet Radiation and Risk of Epithelial Ovarian Cancer; Evidence is accumulating to suggest that higher exposure to solar ultraviolet radiation (UVR) is associated with decreased risk of internal cancers, but data for ovarian cancer are unclear. We aimed to examine the association between lifetime ambient UVR and ovarian cancer in a population-based-case-control study. The study included women aged 18 to 79 years with a new diagnosis of invasive (n = 1,215) or borderline (n = 285) epithelial ovarian cancer identified through a network of clinics and state cancer registries throughout Australia. Controls (n = 1,459), frequency matched to cases by age (5-year groups) and state of residence, were randomly selected from the National Electoral Roll. We asked participants to report where they had lived at different periods of their life and assigned an estimate of UVR using data from NASA's Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometer database (1997-2003). We estimated the association between ambient UVR and risk of ovarian cancer using conditional logistic regression adjusted for potential confounders. Women in the highest third of average daily ambient UVR over their lifetime were at significantly lower risk of all epithelial ovarian cancers than those in the lowest third [OR, 0.70; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.56-0.88]. The inverse association was stronger for borderline tumors (0.47, 0.31-0.71) than invasive tumors (0.78, 0.61-1.00). The effect sizes for overall and borderline tumors were unchanged after adjusting for confounders, whereas the inverse association for invasive tumors was attenuated. These data suggest that exposure to ambient UVR may reduce the risk of ovarian cancer. Cancer Prev Res; 5(11); 1330-6. (C) 2012 AACR.
Mendelian randomization does not support serum calcium in prostate cancer risk; PurposeObservational studies suggest that dietary and serum calcium are risk factors for prostate cancer. However, such studies suffer from residual confounding (due to unmeasured or imprecisely measured confounders), undermining causal inference. Mendelian randomization uses randomly assigned (hence unconfounded and pre-disease onset) germline genetic variation to proxy for phenotypes and strengthen causal inference in observational studies. We tested the hypothesis that serum calcium is associated with an increased risk of overall and advanced prostate cancer.MethodsA genetic instrument was constructed using five single-nucleotide polymorphisms robustly associated with serum calcium in a genome-wide association study (n61,079). This instrument was then used to test the effect of a 0.5mg/dL increase (1 standard deviation, SD) in serum calcium on risk of prostate cancer in 72,729 men in the PRACTICAL (Prostate Cancer Association Group to Investigate Cancer Associated Alterations in the Genome) Consortium (44,825 cases, 27,904 controls) and risk of advanced prostate cancer in 33,498 men (6,263 cases, 27,235 controls).ResultsWe found weak evidence for a protective effect of serum calcium on prostate cancer risk (odds ratio [OR] per 0.5mg/dL increase in calcium: 0.83, 95% CI 0.63-1.08; p=0.12). We did not find strong evidence for an effect of serum calcium on advanced prostate cancer (OR per 0.5mg/dL increase in calcium: 0.98, 95% CI 0.57-1.70; p=0.93).ConclusionsOur Mendelian randomization analysis does not support the hypothesis that serum calcium increases risk of overall or advanced prostate cancer.
Effect of Methyl Aminolevulinate Photodynamic Therapy With and Without Ablative Fractional Laser Treatment in Patients With Microinvasive Squamous Cell Carcinoma A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Surgical excision is the standard treatment for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). However, microinvasive SCC (Clark level II) is limited to the papillary dermis, and it should be differentiated from invasive SCC. Ablative fractional laser-primed photodynamic therapy (AFL-PDT) may have enhanced efficacy. OBJECTIVE To compare 1 session of AFL-PDT with 2 sessions of conventional methyl aminolevulinate-PDT (MAL-PDT) for the treatment of microinvasive SCC. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A 2-armed, randomized, single-blind, comparative trial of 45 patients with histologically proven microinvasive SCC. Twenty-one patients were randomized to treatment with a single AFL-PDT session, and 24 patients were randomized to 2 MAL-PDT sessions with a 1-week interval between sessions using a computer-generated program. Standard pretreatment such as curettage was not performed prior to PDT owing to a tendency to bleed. The efficacy, recurrence rate, cosmetic outcomes, and safety were assessed 1 week, 3, 12, and 24 months after the last treatment. INTERVENTIONS AFL was performed with an ablation depth of 550 mu m to 600 mu m, coagulation level of 1, treatment density of 22%, and a single pulse. Then, MAL cream was applied under occlusion for 3 hours and illuminated by using a red light-emitting diode light at 37 J/cm(2). A second session of MAL-PDT was administered after 7 days. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The primary outcome measureswere the lesion response at 3 and 12 months, and the recurrence rate 12 months after the last treatment. RESULTS Twenty-one patients (6 men, 15 women) with a mean (SD) age of 76 (6) years were randomized to treatment with a single AFL-PDT session, and 24 patients (11 men, 13 women) with a mean (SD) age of 75 (6) years were randomized to 2 MAL-PDT sessions. The overall complete response rates 3 months after treatment were 84.2% with AFL-PDT and 52.4% with MAL-PDT (P = .03). These differences in efficacy remained significant at the 24-month follow-up. The recurrence rate was significantly lower with AFL-PDT (12.5%) than with MAL-PDT (63.6%) at 24 months (P = .006). AFL-PDT and MAL-PDT did not differ significantly with respect to the cosmetic outcomes, adverse events, or pain intensity. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE AFL-PDT can be used as an alternative treatment option for patients with microinvasive SCC who are not suitable for surgical treatment.
Fenofibrate raises plasma homocysteine levels in the fasted and fed states; The effect of fenofibrate (FEN), compared with placebo (PL), on total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) levels in the fasted and fed states has been examined. Twenty men with established coronary artery disease (CAD) or with at least two cardiovascular risk factors, who had elevated plasma triglyceride levels ( > 2.3 mmol/l) and reduced HDL-C levels ( < 0.91 mmol(-1)), and in whom a fibric acid derivative was clinically indicated were studied. The study was a randomized, PL controlled, double-blind study designed to test the effect of micronized FEN on postprandial lipemia. Plasma tHcy levels were investigated as a post-hoc analysis. After a 4-week dietary stabilization period, patients were randomized to PL or FEN (200 mg/day) For 8 weeks, followed by an 8-h postprandial study, consisting of 1 g fat/kg body weight (35% cream). The methionine content of cream was approximately 0.53 mg/ml. A 5-week washout period wa. then followed by a second 8-week treatment period (FEN or FL). ar the end of which a second postprandial study was undertaken. Blood was sampled in the fasted start: (0 h) and postprandially at 2, 4, 6 and 8 h. Plasma was stored at -80<degrees>C for homocysteine, vitamins B-6, B-12 and folate measurements. FEN caused a marked decrease in all triglyceride-rich lipoprotein parameters, no change in LDL-C, and an increase in HDL-C levels. Fen treatment was associated with an increase in fasting tHcy (PL: 10.3 +/- 3.3 mu mol/l to FEN: 14.1 +/- 3.8 mu mol/l, 40.4 +/- 20.5%, P < 0.001) and fed tHcy levels 6 h post-fat load (PL: 11.6 <plus/minus> 3.3 mu mol/l vs. FEN: 17.1 +/- 5.4 mu mol/l. P < 0.001). Homocysteine levels were increased by the fat load: FL: 14% (P < 0.001) and FEN: 21%, P < 0.001 at the 2, 4. 6 and 8 h time points. Change in tHcy level on FEN was not associated with changes in plasma levels of folate, vitamins B-6 or B-12 or creatinine. Amino acid analysis revealed that methionine and cysteine were significantly increased on FEN (P < 0.005). The incidence of hyperhomocysteinemia (defined as tHcy level > 14 mu mol/l) was PL: 2/20 (10%) and FEN: 9/20 (45%) (chi (2) = 4.51, P = 0.034). There was no correlation between changes in plasma triglyceride levels and tHcy levels. Since tHcy is considered an emerging cardiovascular risk factor, the ability of FEN to increase plasma tHcy levels could potentially mitigate the potential of this drug to protect against cardiovascular disease. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of different doses of propofol on the growth and expression of PCNA, CD34 and pAKT proteins in xenografted tumor of BALB/C mice with liver cancer; Objective To observe the effects of different doses of propofol on the growth of transplanted liver tumor in BALB/C mice and check the expression of PCNA, CD34 and pAKT proteins to clarify the mechanism on molecule level. Method Human primary liver cancer cells SMMC-7721 were subcutaneously cultured in BALB/C mice, and the transplanted tumor model of BALB/C mice was constructed. Forty mice successfully modeled were randomly divided into 5 groups (n = 8): the blank control group (group C), low-fat milk group (group I), low-dose (50 mg/kg) propofol group (P1), middle-dose (100 mg/kg) propofol group (P2) and high dose (150 mg/kg) propofol group (P3). Tumor volume changes were observed at 3, 6, 9, 12, 15 and 18 days (T1, T2, T3, T4, T5, T6 and T7) before and after administration of the drug, and tumor growth curves were plotted. After 19 days of administration, all mice were killed for tumor collection, tumor weight was measured, and the tumor inhibition rate of propofol was calculated. The protein expression of cluster of differentiation 34 (CD34) in transplanted tumor was detected by immunohistochemistry, and the protein expression of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) and phospho-Akt (pAKT) was detected by immunofluorescence. Results Compared with group C, there was no significant difference in tumor volume in group I. At T2 similar to 7, the tumor volume of group P1, P2 and P3 decreased successively (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the inhibitory rate of tumor in group I, and the inhibitory rate of tumor in group P1, P2 and P3 increased successively (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in PCNA, CD34, and pAKT protein expression in group I, while PCNA, CD34, and pAKT protein content in P1, P2, P3 groups were successively decreased (P < 0.05). Conclusion Propofol had a dose-dependent effect on the growth of liver cancer xenografts in mice, inhibiting the expression of PCNA, CD34 and pAKT proteins, and the effect was most obvious in the 150 mg/kg propofol group.
The fiber and/or polyphenols present in lingonberries null the glycemic effect of the sugars present in the berries when consumed together with added glucose in healthy human volunteers; This study was undertaken on the broad hypothesis that lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) has potential to reduce postprandial glycemic and lipemic response. More specifically, 2 postprandial crossover studies with healthy normal-weight male subjects were conducted to study the influence of commercial lingonberry powder on postprandial glycemia and lipemia. The test meals contained fat-free yoghurt with either glucose (50 g) or triacylglycerols (35 g) with or without (control) the lingonberry powder. The lingonberry powder provided the meals with a known amount of fiber and a known amount and composition of sugars, and it was a rich source of polyphenols. Postprandial glucose, insulin, and triacylglycerol responses were analyzed. There were no significant differences in the postprandial glucose concentration between the meals in the glycemia trial despite the fact that the lingonberry meal contained more glucose and fructose. When the meal did not contain added sugar but, instead, added triacylglycerol, no glycemia or lipemia-lowering effect was detected. On the contrary, there were indications of higher glycemic and insulinemic effect after the lingonberry meal. The results of this study indicate that the fibers and/or polyphenols present in lingonberries null the glycemic effect of the sugars present in the berries when consumed together with added glucose. By contrast, the lingonberry powder did not affect the postprandial lipemic response. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Surgical excision, Mohs micrographic surgery, external-beam radiotherapy, or brachytherapy for indolent skin cancer: An international meta-analysis of 58 studies with 21,000 patients; Background The objective of this study was to compare the cosmesis and recurrence rates of conventional excision (CE), Mohs micrographic surgery (MMS), external-beam radiation therapy (EBRT), or brachytherapy (BT), for basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. Methods Population, Intervention, Control, Outcome, Study Design (PICOS), Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA), and Meta-Analyses of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) methods were used to identify studies on PubMed (from 1985 to 2018), including patients with American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) T1-T2N0 basal cell carcinomas and squamous cell carcinomas and >= 10 months follow-up who received CE, MMS, EBRT, or BT. The primary endpoint was cosmesis, classified as "good," "fair," or "poor." The secondary endpoint was 1-year recurrence. Fixed-effects and random-effects meta-analyses were performed to evaluate primary and secondary outcomes with respect to treatment modality. Results In total, 18,095 studies met initial search criteria. There were 24 CE, 13 MMS, 19 EBRT, and 7 BT studies included with a total of 21,371 patients. The summary effect size for "good" cosmesis was 81% (95% CI, 70.6%-89.6%), 74.6% (95% CI, 63%-84.6%), and 97.6% (95% CI, 91.3%-100%) for CE, EBRT, and BT, respectively. Good cosmesis was 96.0% in the only MMS study that reported cosmesis. BT had improved "good" cosmesis over EBRT (P = .0025) and was similar to CE and MMS. No significant differences were seen for "fair" or "poor" cosmesis. One-year recurrence rates were low throughout at 0.8% (95% CI, 0.3%-1.6%), 0.2% (95% CI, 0%-0.6%), 2% (95% CI, 1.3%-2.7%), and 0% (95% CI, 0%-0.5%) for CE, MMS, EBRT, and BT, respectively. Conclusions For T1-T2N0 skin cancers, BT and MMS have improved cosmesis over EBRT and CE. It is unclear whether this is because of treatment superiority or selection and reporting bias. Local control is similar among all modalities at 1 year.
Environmental Impact of Dietary Choices: Role of the Mediterranean and Other Dietary Patterns in an Italian Cohort; Background: Current scientific literature suggests healthy dietary patterns may have less environmental impact than current consumption patterns, but most of the studies rely on theoretical modeling. The aim of this study was to assess the impact on resources (land, water, and energy) use and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions of healthy dietary patterns in a sample of Italian adults. Methods: Participants (n = 1806) were recruited through random sampling in the city of Catania, southern Italy. Dietary consumption was assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ); dietary patterns were calculated through dietary scores. The specific environmental footprints of food item production/processing were obtained from various available life-cycle assessments; a sustainability score was created based on the impact of the four environmental components calculated. Results: The contribution of major food groups to the environmental footprint showed that animal products (dairy, egg, meat, and fish) represented more than half of the impact on GHG emissions and energy requirements; meat products were the stronger contributors to GHG emissions and water use, while dairy products to energy use, and cereals to land use. All patterns investigated, with the exception of the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH), were linearly associated with the sustainability score. Among the components, higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet and Alternate Diet Quality Index (AHEI) was associated with lower GHG emissions, dietary quality index-international (DQI-I) with land use, while Nordic diet with land and water use. Conclusions: In conclusion, the adoption of healthy dietary patterns involves less use of natural resources and GHG emissions, representing eco-friendlier options in Italian adults.
A population-based case-control study of carotenoid and vitamin A intake and ovarian cancer (United States); Objective: To evaluate the association between dietary intake of carotenoids and vitamin A and the incidence of ovarian cancer. Methods: We conducted a population-based case-control study of ovarian cancer in Massachusetts and Wisconsin. Incident cases diagnosed between 1991 and 1994 were identified through statewide tumor registries. We selected community controls at random from lists of licensed drivers and Medicare recipients; 327 cases and 3129 controls were included in the analysis. Data were collected by telephone interview, which included an abbreviated food and supplement list to quantify typical consumption of carotenoids (lutein/zeaxanthin, alpha-carotene, beta-carotene), retinol and total vitamin A at 5 years prior to diagnosis in cases, or to a comparable reference date in controls. Results were adjusted for age, state, and other risk factors. Results: Participants with the highest dietary intake of lutein/zeaxanthin (greater than or equal to 24,000 mug/week) experienced a 40% lower risk of ovarian cancer (95% CI = 0.36-0.99) compared to those with the lowest intake. Intake of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, retinol and total vitamin A was unrelated to risk. Among foods, we observed non-significantly lower risks with high consumption of spinach, carrots, skim/lowfat milk and liver. Conclusion: These results support previous findings suggesting an inverse relationship between carotenoid intake and ovarian cancer risk.
Prevalence of reproductive drugs usage in humans and animals: A pilot study in Patiala city of India; Reproductive drugs that include contraceptive and fertility drugs are used to manage reproductive health in both humans and animals. Contraceptive drugs are mainly used by humans for reversible contraception whereas fertility drugs are mainly used in animals to increase milk production, poultry products and meat production. Usage of these drugs has increased manifold in the last decade. These drugs are excreted through body fluids (mainly urine and milk) that lead to contamination of surface water, milk and animal produce. Consumption of such contaminated products or water results in reproductive disorders and different types of cancers in humans. This questionnaire-based study was designed and conducted involving gynecologists, pharmacies, medical stores and veterinarians in Patiala city and its adjoining areas in India to evaluate the quantitative and qualitative aspects of use of these drugs. A total of 150 survey points were identified with random sampling method. Data was analyzed using appropriate statistical tools. The results showed that contraceptive drugs constitute 86% of reproductive drugs usage in humans. Further, steroidal contraceptives constitute a huge 94.7% share of contraceptive drugs, and of these combined oral contraceptives have 79.79% share among which a combination is ethinylestradiol and levonorgestrel is the most popular (20.92%). The consumption of COCs is higher than that of progestin only pills (Z = 3.39) as well as estrogen only pills (Z = 4.30). In contrast, usage of non hormonal fertility drugs (89%) dominates over the hormonal class (11%) in humans. The most widely used non-hormonal fertility drug is clomiphene citrate (73.87%). In animals, the prescription rate of hormonal fertility drugs is higher (83%) than the non-hormonal one, where in the most widely prescribed drug is buserelin acetate. These findings are in consonance with the similar studies carried out in US, Europe and Canada which suggest that reproductive drugs usage pattern is more or less similar across the globe. A careful control to discourage indiscriminate use of such drugs is the need of hour to prevent damage of environment and ultimately to the health of living beings. (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
ADJUSTMENT OF BIRTH-WEIGHT FOR WEIGHING AGE AND RELATIONSHIP OF STANDARDIZED BIRTH-WEIGHT WITH EARLY MORTALITY IN NDAMA CALVES UNDER TRADITIONAL HUSBANDRY SYSTEMS IN THE GAMBIA; Birth-weight data recorded between 1986 and 1991 on 3453 N'Dama calves from the village production systems of The Gambia were analysed to identify major factors influencing this trait and to quantify the relationship between birth weight and early calf mortality. Birth weights were measured over a range of time, from a few hours to 14 days after birth. Least-squares analysis of the fixed effects of site, year and season of birth, parity of dam, sex, age in days at which birth weight was recorded and random effects of herd and cow nested within site showed that all these factors significantly influenced this trait. A subset of these data (no. = 2452) was used to derive adjustment factors which were applied to the larger data set to standardize birth weights to a common age measurement. Results from these adjustments showed that birth weights recorded between the 7th and 14th day after birth should be decreased by proportionately 0.12 to 0.14 to be comparable with those measured on day of birth. Maximum likelihood analyis of cumulative calf mortality to 30, 60, 90 and 120 days of age using age-standardized data (no. = 3156), which excluded deaths of traumatic origin, showed that mortality was highly influenced by birth weight. Calves were grouped into three classes, namely below-average, average and above-average of sitemates' values. Mortality rates among the three groups during the first 30 days of life were 3-6, 0.9 and 0.3%. The corresponding values at day 120 were 13.8, 6-3 and 5.0%. The average age at death during the first 120 days in the three groups were 51, 58 and 73 days. Mortality rates among calves born in the wet season were higher than those born in the dry season (e.g. 9-9 v. 5-9% for mortality to day 120). Examination of data on calving distribution and milk production patterns of the dams of the calves used in this study as well as the causes of deaths among the calves indicated that although dam effect was an important determinant of calf survival other factors such as the vigour of the calf at birth, weather conditions and disease environment at the tethering and grazing areas were important as well.
The Mediterranean Diet in Cancer Prevention: A Review; The Mediterranean dietary pattern has a well-established beneficial role in health promotion. Epidemiologic studies reveal the protective role of adherence to this pattern on overall cancer incidence and mortality. This review examines results from prospective cohort, cross-sectional, and case-control studies assessing the role of the Mediterranean diet in cancer prevention. Original research studies that were published in English between 1985 and April 6, 2010, were selected through a computer-assisted literature search (i.e., PubMed and Scopus). From the initial search, 273 papers were selected. After the titles and the abstracts of these papers were read for relevance to this review, 17 studies were selected and are discussed here; 8 had a prospective design, 7 were case-control, 1 was a randomized screening study, and I was an interventional study. Although there is a lack of definitive evidence for the association of Mediterranean diet with various types of cancer, a dietary pattern emphasizing the consumption of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, seeds, and low-fat dairy products could be highly recommended for all people, and especially those at risk for cancer.
Results from two repeated 5 day dietary records with a 1 y interval among patients with colorectal polyps; Background: Dietary factors are known to be associated with initiation and development of colorectal cancer (CRC), and also with. CRC's major precursor, the colorectal polyp. In long-term intervention studies on colorectal polyps, dietary changes may therefore affect potential effects of the study intervention, Objective: To examine potential dietary changes among polyp-patients randomly selected from a 3 y intervention study after 1 y. Design and subjects: Of 116 polyp-hearing out-patients (50% men), aged 50-76 y. who participated in the double-blind 3 y placebo-controlled endoscopic follow-up and intervention study against growth and recurrence of polyps, 30 patients were randomised (strata: sex, age anti polyp size) to perform a repeated 5 day dietary record by weighing after 1 y. The patients received a daily mixture of vitamin C (150 mg), alpha -tocopherol (75 mg), beta -carotene (15 mg). selenium (101 mug) and calcium (1.6 g) or placebo (lactose) for a period of 3 y with annual colonoscopic examinations and polyps size measurements to test if the mixture was able to reduce polyp growth and recurrence. Polyps of > 9 mm were removed, whereas the remainders and new discoveries of polyps < 9 mm were left in situ until the end of the study. Results: Twenty-nine patients agreed to perform the repeated 5 day dietary record and 86% performed the second record within 48-58 weeks after the first record. The results showed that, with the exception of vitamin D, milk and milk products, no significant differences were found between the two records. The median value of the Spearman's correlation coefficient for energy and energy-yielding nutrients was 0.66, for vitamins and minerals 0 58, and for foods 0.58. Individual differences between the records were found for most variables. but most of these were negligible. Conclusion: After 1 y, no major dietary changes were found which could be associated with a changed susceptibly for malignancy, and thereby affect potential effects of the study intervention. We may thus suggest that a potential changed susceptibility towards growth and recurrence of polyps, is due to the specific intervention, and not due to other major dietary changes.
Clinical and epidemiological determinants of sodium and potassium levels in the colostrum of nursing mothers with and without hypertension in Brazil; This study aimed to determine whether maternal hypertension and other clinical and epidemiological determinants have an impact on sodium and potassium levels in the 48-hour colostrum of breastfeeding mothers. The study included 105 randomly selected breastfeeding mothers, of whom 72 (68.8%) had normal blood pressure and 33 (31.4%) were hypertensive. Colostrum was collected in-hospital in the morning, and sodium and potassium concentrations were measured using a flame photometer. When sodium and potassium concentrations were compared to the variables age, parity, family history of hypertension, gestational age, birth weight, and socioeconomic factors, colostrum potassium level was associated with maternal age. Average sodium and potassium levels in 48-hour colostrum non-hypertensive and hypertensive breastfeeding mothers showed no significant differences. Thus, breastfeeding by hypertensive mothers probably does not increase the risk of their children developing hypertension in adulthood.
Effect of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation on intestinal inflammation and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in a neonatal rat model; Inasmuch as long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA, metabolites of the essential n-3 and n-6 fatty acids) are known to modulate inflammation, we hypothesized that supplementation of formula with these compounds would prevent necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and intestinal inflammation in our neonatal rat model. Newborn rats were stressed with asphyxia and formula feeding, and randomly assigned to control formula, control with PUFA supplementation, and PUFA with nucleotides. Animals were followed for 72-96 h and assessed for death, gross and histologic NEC, intestinal apoptosis, endotoxemia, and intestinal mRNA synthesis of phospholipase A(2)-II (rate-limiting enzyme for platelet activating factor production), platelet activating factor receptor, and inducible nitric oxide synthase. We found that PUFA reduced the incidence of death and NEC compared with the other groups (NEC 8 of 24 versus 17 of 24 control and 13 of 23 PUFA + nucleotides, p < 0.05). Furthermore, PUFA reduced plasma endotoxemia at 48 h (25 +/- 4 EU/mL versus 276 +/- 39 EU/mL in control and 170 +/- 28 EU/mL in PUFA + nucleotide), intestinal phospholipase A(2)-II expression at 24 h, and platelet activating factor receptor expression at 48 h. Formula supplementation had no effect on apoptosis of intestinal epithelium or intestinal inducible nitric oxide synthase expression. Addition of nucleotides with PUFA abrogated the beneficial effects of PUFA on intestinal inflammation. We conclude that PUFA reduces the incidence of NEC and intestinal inflammation in a neonatal rat model.
Group housing of Holstein calves in a poor indoor environment increases respiratory disease but does not influence performance or leukocyte responses; The objective of the current study was to determine if group-housing Holstein heifer calves in indoor pens with poor ventilation and drainage influences performance, health, leukocytes, and behavioral responses compared with individually housed calves. Ninety colostrum-fed calves (2 +/- 1 d of age) were randomly assigned to 3 treatments: individually housed (Gl; n = 30 calves), 2 calves per pen (G2; n = 30 calves), or 3 calves per pen (G3; n = 30 calves). The space allowance per calf was 2.5 m(2) for all treatment groups. All calves were fed 747 and 1,010 g/d of dry matter of a 28% CP and 20% fat milk replacer during the first 2 wk and wk 3 to 6, respectively. Weaning was initiated on d 46 by removing the evening feeding, and calves were completely weaned when they consumed 800 g/d of dry matter calf starter for 2 consecutive days after d 54. Calves were randomly commingled at d 90 in groups of 5 calves per pen in outdoors pens with an attached hutch. Peripheral blood was collected during the neonatal (3, 10, 21 d), weaning (46, 48, 54 d), and commingling periods (90, 93, 98 d) and was analyzed for neutrophil oxidative burst capacity when cocultured with an Escherichia coli, neutrophil surface L-selectin protein concentration, and whole blood secretion of tumor necrosis factor-et when cocultured with lipopolysaccharide. Behavior of each calf was assessed using 2 independent tests: an approach response to a human subject and the response of the calf when placed in an isolated cage. Calf starter intake was greater for G2 and G3 during wk 8 and 9, and also at wk 11 for G3 compared with G1. No treatment x time interaction or treatment effect for average daily gain was observed. Additionally, no treatment x time or treatment effect was noted for any leukocyte or biochemical variable of biological significance throughout the entire study. Individually housed calves tended to have a reduced \\incidence of respiratory disease during the first 90 d of life. No other treatment differences for the other health outcomes were observed. Group-housed calves also relied more on calf-to-calf interactions than calf-to-human interactions, as evident by their reduced approach of the human observer and more frequent movement when placed in an isolated pen. Group housing in an environment with poor ventilation and drainage may increase the risk of respiratory disease.
Effect of prepartum energy intake and supplementation with ruminally protected choline on innate and adaptive immunity of multiparous Holstein cows; Objectives were to evaluate the effect of prepartum energy intake and peripartal supplementation of ruminally protected choline (RPC) on select indicators of immune status in blood plasma and on lipopolysaccharide-stimulated blood cells ex vivo. At 47 +/- 6 d before the expected calving date, 93 multiparous Holstein cows were assigned randomly to 1 of 4 dietary treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement. Cows were fed energy to excess [EXE; 1.63 Mcal of net energy for lactation (NEL)/kg of dietary dry matter (DM)] or to maintenance (MNE; 1.40 Mcal of NEL/kg of dietary DM) ad libitum throughout the nonlactating period. The RPC was fed at 0 or 60 g/d to supply 0 or 12.9 g/d of choline ions top-dressed for 17 +/- 4.6 d prepartum through 21 d postpartum. After calving, cows were fed the same methionine-supplemented diet, apart from RPC supplementation. During the last 2 wk before calving and during the first 5 wk postpartum, blood was sampled repeatedly and analyzed for cell types, acute-phase proteins, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFoL), and neutrophil function. Samples of whole blood were collected at 3 and 14 DIM and stimulated with 1 mu g/mL lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in vitro for 6 and 24 h. After 6 h of LPS exposure, peripheral blood leucocytes (PBL) were harvested, and relative transcript abundance for select cytokines were measured. Supernatant was analyzed for TNF-alpha after 24 h of LPS exposure. The PBL from cows fed EXE diets during the whole dry period Ilad increased transcripts for the proinfla nini atory cytokines CXCL8 and TNF, although the plasma concentrations of the acute-phase proteins haptoglobin and fibrinogen, and the killing activity of the blood neutrophils in the postpartum period, were not affected by feeding different energy levels prepartum. Feeding RPC to cows overfed energy prepartum modulated their inflammatory state, as evidenced by decreased IL6 in PBL and reduced mean fluorescence intensity of CD14 during the postpartum period, compared with cows not fed RPC. Feeding RPC also decreased TNF alpha protein production, abundances of IL1B, CXCL8, and TNF transcripts, and mean fluorescence intensity of CD80 of PBL stimulated by LPS, regardless of prepartum energy intake. In contrast, proportions of blood neutrophils undergoing phagocytosis and oxidative burst were increased at 17 d postpartum in cows supplemented with RPC. Collectively, these data indicate that transition cows supplemented with RPC experienced less inflammation, which may partially explain increased milk production in cows supplemented with RPC.
Non surgical therapy for anal fissure; Background Because of the disability associated with surgery for anal fissure and the risk of incontinence, medical alternatives for surgery have been sought. Most recently, pharmacologic methods that relax the anal smooth muscle, to accomplish reversibly what occurs in surgery, have been used to obtain fissure healing. Objectives To assess the efficacy and morbidity of various medical therapies for anal fissure. Search methods Search terms include "anal fissure randomized". Timing from 1966 to August 2010. Further details of the search below. Selection criteria Studies in which participants were randomized to a non-surgical therapy for anal fissure. Comparison groups may include an operative procedure, an alternate medical therapy or placebo. Chronic fissure, acute fissure and fissure in children are included in the review. Atypical fissures associated with inflammatory bowel disease or cancer or anal infection are excluded. Data collection and analysis Data were abstracted from published reports and meeting abstracts, assessing method of randomization, blinding, "intention to treat" and drop-outs, therapies, supportive measures (applied to both groups), dosing and frequency and cross-overs. Dichotomous outcome measures included Non-healing of the fissure (a combination of persistence and recurrence), and Adverse events (including incontinence, headache, infection, anaphylaxis). Continuous outcome measures included measures of pain relief and anorectal manometry. Main results In this update 23 studies including 1236 participants is added to the 54 studies and 3904 participants in the 2008 publication, however 2 studies were from the last version reclassified as un included, so the final number of participants is 5031. 49 different comparisons of the ability of medical therapies to heal anal fissure have been reported in 75 RCTs. Seventeen agents were used (nitroglycerin ointment (GTN), isosorbide mono & dinitrate, Botulinum toxin (Botox), diltiazem, nifedipine (Calcium channel blockers or CCBs), hydrocortisone, lignocaine, bran, minoxidil, indoramin, clove oil, L-arginine, sitz baths, sildenafil, "healer cream" and placebo) as well as Sitz baths, anal dilators and surgical sphincterotomy. GTN was found to be marginally but significantly better than placebo in healing anal fissure (48.9% vs. 35.5%, p < 0.0009), but late recurrence of fissure was common, in the range of 50% of those initially cured. Botox and CCBs were equivalent to GTN in efficacy with fewer adverse events. No medical therapy came close to the efficacy of surgical sphincterotomy, though none of the medical therapies in these RCTs were associated with the risk of incontinence. Authors' conclusions Medical therapy for chronic anal fissure, currently consisting of topical glyceryl trinitrate, botulinum toxin injection or the topical calcium channel blockers nifedipine or diltiazem in acute and chronic fissure and fissure in children may be applied with a chance of cure that is marginally better than placebo. For chronic fissure in adults all medical therapies are far less effective than surgery. A few of the newer agents investigated show promise based only upon single studies (clove oil, sildenifil and a "healer cream") but lack comparison to more established medications.
Simultaneous Ingestion of Fructose and Fat Exacerbates Postprandial Exogenous Lipidemia in Young Healthy Japanese Women; Aim: To investigate the acute effects of the simultaneous ingestion of fructose and fat on postprandial lipoprotein metabolism in healthy young women. Methods: Nine young healthy Japanese women with a normal weight (body mass index: 18.5 <=-< 25 kg/m(2)), a normal ovarian cycle and an apolipoprotein E 3/3 phenotype were enrolled as participants and studied on four occasions. At each session, the subjects ingested one of four beverages containing either glucose or fructose (0.5 g/kg body weight each) with or without OFTT cream (1 g/kg, 0.35 g/kg as fat) in a randomized crossover design. Blood samples were collected at baseline and at 0.5, 1, 2, 4 and 6 hours after ingestion. Results: The ingestion of fructose combined with fat led to significantly higher rises in the serum triglyceride (TG), remnant-like particle (RLP)-TG, remnant lipoprotein-cholesterol (RemL-C) and apolipoprotein B-48 (apoB48) concentrations with delayed peaks compared with that observed following ingestion of the other three types of beverages. The incremental area under the curve ((sic) AUC)-TG and (sic)AUC-apoB48 were larger than those observed for the ingestion of fat only. The serum RLP-TG and apoB48 concentrations returned to the fasting levels (0 hours) at the end of the test (6 hours) following the ingestion of fat only; however, these concentrations did not return to the fasting levels following the intake of fructose combined with fat. Conclusions: These findings suggest a delay in the clearance of intestinal TG-rich lipoproteins, namely chylomicron and its remnant, following the ingestion of fructose combined with fat. The simultaneous ingestion of fructose and fat markedly enhances postprandial exogenous lipidemia in young healthy Japanese women.
Effects of dietary fat quality and quantity on postprandial activation of blood coagulation factor VII; Acute elevation of the coagulant activity of blood coagulation factor VII (FVIIc) is observed after consumption of high-fat meals. This elevation is caused by an increase in the concentration of activated FVII (FVIIa). In a randomized crossover study, we investigated whether saturated, monounsaturated, or polyunsaturated fats differed regarding postprandial activation of FVII. Eighteen healthy young men participated in the study. On 6 separate days each participant consumed two meals (times, 0 and 1 3/4 hours) enriched with 70 g (15 and 55 g) of either rapeseed oil, olive oil, sunflower oil, palm oil, or butter (42% of energy from fat) or isoenergetic low-fat meals (6% of energy from fat). Easting and series of nonfasting blood samples (the last at time 8 1/2 hours) were collected. Plasma triglycerides, FVIIc, FVIIa, and free fatty acids were analyzed. There were marked effects of the fat quantity on postprandial responses of plasma triglycerides, FVII, and free fatty acids. The high-fat meals caused, in contrast to the low-fat meals, considerable increases in plasma triglycerides. Plasma levels of FVIIc and FVIIa peaks were 7% and 60% higher after consumption of high-fat meals than after consumption of low-fat meals. The five different fat qualities caused similar postprandial increases in plasma triglycerides, FVIIc, and FVIIa. These findings indicate that high-fat meals may be prothrombotic, irrespective of their fatty acid composition. The postprandial FVII activation was not associated with the plasma triglyceride or free fatty acid responses.
Hydrofilm Polyurethane Films Reduce Radiation Dermatitis Severity in Hypofractionated Whole-Breast Irradiation: An Objective, Intra-Patient Randomized Dual-Center Assessment; Radiation-induced skin injury represents the most frequent side effect in breast cancer patients undergoing whole-breast irradiation (WBI). Numerous clinical studies on systemic and topical treatments for radiation dermatitis have failed to provide sustainable treatment strategies. While protective skin products such as dressings are undoubtedly the standard of care in wound care management, their utilization as preventive treatment in radiotherapy has been somewhat neglected in recent years. In this prospective, intra-patient randomized observational study, Hydrofilm polyurethane films were prophylactically applied to either the medial or lateral breast-half of 74 patients with breast cancer undergoing hypofractionated whole-breast irradiation following breast-preserving surgery. Maximum radiation dermatitis severity was assessed using Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) v4.03 toxicity scores, photospectrometric erythema and pigmentation measurements and patient-assessed modified Radiation-Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale (RISRAS) scale. Phantom studies revealed a clinically negligible dose build-up of less than 0.1% with Hydrofilm. Compared to the control compartments physician-assessed radiation dermatitis severity was reduced in the hydrofilm compartments (mean 0.54 vs. 1.34; p = < 0.001). Objective photospectrometric skin measurements showed decreased erythema (p = 0.0001) and hyperpigmentation (p = 0.002) underneath Hydrofilm. Hydrofilm also completely prevented moist desquamation, and significantly reduced patients' treatment-related symptoms of itching, burning, pain, and limitations of day-to-day-activities. Significant beneficial effects were observed in terms of radiation dermatitis severity, erythema, hyperpigmentation as well as subjective treatment-related symptom experiences, while adverse reactions were rare and minor. Therefore, a prophylactic application of Hydrofilm polyurethane films can be suggested in hypofractionated WBI.
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of green tea catechins in the treatment of external anogenital warts: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background External anogenital warts (EGWs) are non-malignant skin tumours caused by human papillomavirus. They are one of the fastest growing sexually transmitted diseases. Current treatments are unsatisfactory. Green tea sinecatechin Polyphenon E ointment is a botanical extract from green tea leaves exhibiting anti-oxidant, anti-viral and anti-tumour properties. Objective The aim of this study was to integrate valid information and provide basis for rational decision making regarding efficacy and safety of green tea extracts in the treatment of EGWs. Methods A systematic search in electronic databases was conducted using specific key terms. Main search was performed independently by two reviewers. The accumulated relevant literature was subsequently systematically reviewed and a meta-analysis was conducted. Results Three randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies evaluating efficacy and safety of Polyphenon E 15% and 10% in the treatment of warts were included in the systematic review and meta-analysis. A total of 660 men and 587 women were enrolled. Regarding primary outcome, both Polyphenon E 15% and 10% demonstrated significantly higher likelihood of complete clearance of baseline and baseline and new warts compared with controls. No significant heterogeneity was detected. Recurrence rates were very low. Commonest local skin sign was erythema and local skin symptom was itching. Conclusions Efficacy of Polyphenon 15% and 10%, at least for the primary endpoint, is clearly indicated. Polyphenon E treatment exhibits very low recurrence rates and appears to have a rather favourable safety and tolerability profile. Recommendations for future studies should include evaluation of the efficacy of green tea catechins in the treatment of internal anogenital warts and direct comparison with its principal comparator, imiquimod.
Photodynamic therapy with topical methyl- and hexylaminolevulinate for prophylaxis and treatment of UV-induced SCC in hairless mice; P>Background: Hexyl aminolevulinate (HAL) is a long-chained 5-aminolevulinic acid-ester that has been proposed as a novel photosensitizing agent to methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) in topical photodynamic therapy (PDT). The more lipophilic HAL, may improve treatment outcome for non-melanoma skin cancer. Objective: To compare the prophylactic and therapeutic effects of HAL- and MAL-PDT for ultraviolet-induced squamous cell carcinomas (SCCs) in hairless mice. Methods: Mice (n = 249) were irradiated with solar UV-radiation (UVR) until SCC occurred. Before any skin changes developed, two prophylactic PDT treatments were given, using creams of HAL (2%, 6%, 20%) or MAL (20%) followed by illumination (632 nm, Aktilite, Photocure). Two therapeutic PDT-treatments were given by randomization to the first developed SCC of 1 mm. Primary end-points were time to first SCC of 1 mm and complete SCC clearance. Secondary end-points were time to SCC-recurrence, PpIX fluorescence and skin reactions to PDT. Results: The median time to first SCC was significantly longer for mice treated with prophylactic HAL-PDT (2%, 6% and 20% HAL, 264 days) and MAL-PDT (20% MAL, 269 days) than mice exposed to UVR (186 days) and UVR + placebo-PDT (199 days) (P < 0.0001). The therapeutic efficacy of HAL- and MAL-PDT showed cure rates of 23-61.5% (P = 0.11). Similar PpIX fluorescence intensity and severity of clinical reactions were seen for HAL- and MAL-groups, although mice developed more intense hyper-pigmentation when treated with 20% MAL-PDT compared with 2% HAL-PDT. Conclusions: PDT with HAL (2%, 6% and 20%) and MAL (20%) is equally effective to prevent and treat UV-induced SCC in hairless mice.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationship between body size and testicular cancer; BACKGROUND: Studies assessing the relationships of anthropometry and testicular germ-cell tumour (TGCT) have reported heterogeneous findings. METHODS: We undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis of the associations between adult height, weight, body mass index (BMI), and testicular cancer. Search strategies were conducted in PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus, and Web of Science on 26 May 2009. Studies that met our inclusion criteria were included in meta-analytic models using STATA 11. RESULTS: A total of 3255 references were retrieved, of which 14 met the inclusion criteria. Random effects meta-analysis found adult height (odds ratio (OR) per 5-cm increase 1.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.07-1.19, P<0.001) and weight (OR overweight vs normal 0.92, 95% CI 0.86-0.98, P = 0.011) to be associated with TGCT. The meta-analysis of weight and TGCT produced a summary estimate, which indicated no association, although an analysis restricted studies to North American was suggestive of association (OR per 1-kg increase 1.01, 95% CI 1.00-1.01, P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This systematic review and meta-analysis has found evidence for a positive association of adult height and TGCT, and tentative evidence for an inverse association of BMI and TGCT. British Journal of Cancer (2010) 103, 1467-1474. doi: 10.1038/sj.bjc.6605934 www.bjcancer.com (C) 2010 Cancer Research UK
Long-term efficacy and safety of Jessner's solution and 35% trichloroacetic acid vs 5% fluorouracil in the treatment of widespread facial actinic keratoses; BACKGROUND. Few studies have examined the long-term efficacy off fluorouracil (FU) or chemical peels for the treatment of actinic keratoses (AK). Our earlier work examined the efficacy and safety of a medium-depth chemical peel compared with the standard regimen of topical FU in the treatment of widespread facial AK through 12 months. OBJECTIVES. To determine long-term efficacy of both treatments by extending our observations through 32 months. METHODS. Fifteen patients with severe facial actinic damage were treated on the left side with a single application of Jessner's solution and 35% trichloroacetic acid and on the right sine with twice daily applications of 5% FU cream for 3 weeks. Parameters evaluated at 1, 6, 12, and 32 months included counts of visible AK, random skin biopsies from both treatment areas, development of intercurrent neoplasms, and surveys assessing sun exposure. RESULTS. Eight patients were available for reevaluation at 32 months. Both treatment sines showed a reduction in mean number of AK at 12 months followed by an increase in mean AK number between 12 and 32 months. Improvements in biopsies of clinically actinically damaged skin were seen in keratinocytic atypia, hyperkeratosis, parakeratosis, and inflammation at all treatment times during the study with both treatments. Three squamous cell carcinomas developed in the patients after initial treatment; one developed on the side treated with the peel, and two developed an the side treated with fluorouracil. Surveys failed to demonstrate an association between sun exposure and clinical response. CONCLUSION. Based on these findings, patients with widespread actinic keratoses treated with medium-depth chemical peel or with 5% FU should be reevaluated yearly or every 1.5 years for reappearance of AK and retreatment. (C) 1997 by the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery, Inc.
Capsaicin 8% patch for treprostinil subcutaneous infusion site pain in pulmonary hypertension patients; Background. Treprostinil sodium improves haemodynamics and symptoms in pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) patients, but its subcutaneous (s.c.) administration can produce severe local site pain, and lead to discontinuation of vital treatment. Treprostinil is a prostacyclin analogue which stimulates prostacyclin receptors in skin nociceptor terminals, resulting in pain and cutaneous hypersensitivity, for which current pain remedies have limited effect. Capsaicin 8% patch relieves neuropathic pain for 3 months after a single 60 min cutaneous application; we investigated whether its pre-application can reduce s.c. trepostinil-induced pain. Methods. A single-centre, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover study was conducted to assess the safety and efficacy of a single capsaicin 8% patch pre-application for s.c. treprostinil pain in 11 PAH patients, relative to control patch with low-dose capsaicin 0.075% cream. Results. The primary efficacy endpoint, mean difference between the two treatment arms in an 11-point numerical pain rating scale from baseline to 2 weeks after patch applications, was significantly lower on the capsaicin 8% patch treatment arm [P=0.01, mean difference=-1.47 units, 95% credible interval (CI): -2.59 to -0.38] in the patients who completed the study per protocol, although intention-to-treat analysis did not show significant difference (P=0.28). Heat pain thresholds were decreased (P=0.027, mean difference=5.43 degrees C, 95% CI: 0.71-10.21) and laser Doppler flux increased (P=0.016, mean difference=370 units, 95% CI: 612 to 127.9) at the application site immediately after capsaicin 8% patch, confirming activity. Conclusions. Further investigation of the efficacy of capsaicin 8% patch in this indication is warranted.
Hydration may reverse most symptoms of lower extremity intermittent claudication or rest pain; Background: Medical treatment of severe intermittent claudication or critical limb-threatening ischemia causing rest pain frequently achieves only partial relief or is not effective at all. Methods: Patients with severe intermittent claudication or rest pain of the lower extremities who did not improve after control of risk factors, supervised exercises, and cilostazol medication were included in this study. All patients were treated with hydration. They were askedto drink 2500mLof fluids (water, soup, milk) duringa 24-hour periodandto ingest 0.6 g/kgof albumin a day, as egg white or albumin powder. Total salt administered daily was 3.5 g. Symptoms, skin temperature, anklebrachial index, albumin concentration in serum, and time and distance to claudication were recorded before treatment, at 6 weeks, and at 6 months. Electrolytes were measured monthly. No additional treatmentwas used during the study. Walking was encouraged but not supervised. The trial has continued indefinitely. For statistical analysis, SPSS software (IBM Corp, Armonk, NY) was used. The Ethical Committee approved the protocol, and an informed consent was signed by all patients. Results: Therewere 132 patients (94male, 38 female) included in the study. Median agewas 72.5 years (range, 67-77 years); all had severe claudication of a mean of 100 meters or rest pain. Symptoms had been present for >5 months in all patients; 22 (16.8%) had rest pain. Proper hydration, determined as drinking at least 2000mL of water during 24 hours for a period of 6months, was achieved in 131 compliant patients. Only one patient failed to drink 2000mL of water or more. Ankle-brachial index in 131 compliant patients improved from 0.6 to 0.75 (P <.0001) after 6 months. Skin temperature of the feet increased from 29.4 degrees C to 31.7 degrees C (P = .009). Distance to claudication using the treadmill improved from 100 meters to 535 meters (P <.0001) at 6 weeks and remained stable at 6 month in 65.83% of the patients; in 34.17% of them, distance to claudication increasedfurther by200(100-500) metersandtime toclaudicationimprovedfrom1.3 to6.3minutes (P <.0001) at 6 weeks, but the same group of patients (34.17%) that increased the distance to claudication further prolonged the time to claudication by 2.49 (1.24-6.23) minutes. All 131 compliantpatientsimprovedtheir status relatedto lower extremity ischemia; thenoncompliant patient did not have any variation of symptoms, skin temperature, ankle-brachial index, or time and distance to claudication. All patients survived the initial 6 months of treatment; afterward, three patients abandoned the treatment and four died of unrelated causes. After the 6-month control, 49% of the patients continued to improve the time and distance to claudication as well as the ankle-brachial index. The rest of the patients conserved the initial improvement. Five patients who had significantly improvedthetimeanddistanceto claudicationwereaskedtodecreasewater intake for 3days. No changes intime and distance to claudication were detected. Hydration was reinitiated. Conclusions: This study suggests that proper hydration by drinking $2000 mL of water daily and albumin complement orally to reach 4 g/dL in serum could be included in the armamentarium of physicians treating patients with disabling claudication or rest pain caused by peripheral artery disease. Further comparative studies to assess the benefit of hydration and increasing the serum oncotic pressure are warranted.
Utility of topical agents for radiation dermatitis and pain: a randomized clinical trial; Purpose Although topical agents are often provided during radiation therapy, there is limited consensus and evidence for their use prophylactically to prevent or reduce radiation dermatitis. Methods This was a multi-site, randomized, placebo-controlled, blinded study of 191 breast cancer patients to compare the prophylactic effectiveness of three topical agents (Curcumin, HPR Plus (TM), and Placebo) for reducing radiation dermatitis and associated pain. Patients applied the topical agent to their skin in the radiation area site three times daily starting the first day of radiation therapy (RT) until 1 week after RT completion. Results Of the 191 randomized patients, 171 patients were included in the final analyses (87.5% white females, mean age = 58 (range = 36-88)). Mean radiation dermatitis severity (RDS) scores did not significantly differ between study arms (Curcumin = 2.68 [2.49, 2.86]; HPR Plus (TM) = 2.64 [2.45, 2.82]; Placebo = 2.63 [2.44, 2.83]; p = 0.929). Logistic regression analyses showed that increased breast field separation positively correlated with increased radiation dermatitis severity (p = 0.018). In patients with high breast field separation (>= 25 cm), RDS scores (Curcumin = 2.70 [2.21, 3.19]; HPR Plus (TM) = 3.57 [3.16, 4.00]; Placebo = 2.95 [2.60, 3.30]; p = 0.024) and pain scores (Curcumin = 0.52 [- 0.28, 1.33]; HPR Plus (TM) = 0.55 [- 0.19, 1.30]; Placebo = 1.73 [0.97, 2.50]; p = 0.046) significantly differed at the end of RT. Conclusions Although there were no significant effects of the treatment groups on the overall population, our exploratory subgroup analysis suggests that prophylactic treatment with topical curcumin may be effective for minimizing skin reactions and pain for patients with high breast separation (>= 25 cm) who may have the worst skin reactions.
Long-term outcomes following foscan®-PDT of basal cell carcinomas; Background and Objective In a previous publication we showed that mTHPC-PDT (Foscan (R)-PDT) is an effective treatment of basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) in difficult to treat locations and presented optimized treatment parameters to reduce costs and side effects. Now we present long-term results of the same study population. Study Design/Materials and Methods Following PDT of a total of 460 BCCs in 117 subjects, the patients/lesions were followed-up for a mean duration of 42 (range: 272) months. Two patients dropped out of follow-up; 13 patients died of unrelated causes. Recurrences were treated either by repeated PDT or other established methods. Results The sustained clearance rate was 93.7% and the overall treatment success rate was 90.7%. KaplanMeier analysis revealed an estimated recurrence free fraction of patients at 5 years of 95.1%, 92.4%, 85.1%, and 74.0% for the four different photosensitizer dose groups (0.060.15, 0.05, 0.04, and 0.03?mg/kg). High-risk lesions (recurrences, thickness >3?mm) recurred more often than low-risk ones, and recurrences mostly (>50%) occurred during the first year of follow-up. Conclusion Long-term outcomes of high-dose (0.060.15?mg/kg) and reduced-dose (0.05?mg/kg) Foscan (R)-PDT in difficult to treat BCCs compare favorably with other methods, even in high-risk lesions (recurrent and/or thick lesions). A recommended combination of treatment parameters for low-dose therapy seems to be: 0.05?mg/kg Foscan (R), 24?hours druglight interval (DLI), fluence =40?J/cm2. Prospective randomized studies are needed to look into low-dose mTHPC-PDT of BCCs in more detail and to directly compare it with other treatments. Lasers Surg. Med. 44: 533540, 2012. (c) Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Field and experimental symptomless infections support wandering donkeys as healthy carriers of <i>Trypanosoma vivax</i> in the Brazilian Semiarid, a region of outbreaks of high mortality in cattle and sheep; Background: The Brazilian Semiarid is the home of the largest herd of donkeys in South America and of outbreaks of Trypanosoma vivax infection of high mortality in dairy cattle and sheep. For a comprehensive understanding of the underlying mechanisms of these outbreaks and epidemiological role of donkeys, we surveyed for T. vivax in wandering donkeys and follow the experimental infection of donkeys and sheep with a highly virulent isolate from the Semiarid. Methods: Blood samples from 180 randomly selected wandering donkeys from the Brazilian Semiarid region were employed for PCV and parasitemia assessments and tested using the T. vivax-specific TviCATL-PCR assay. PCR-amplifed Cathepsin L (CATL) sequences were employed for genotyping and phylogenetic analysis. Four wandering donkeys were experimentally infected with a T. vivax isolate obtained during an outbreak of high mortality in the Semiarid; the control group consisted of two non-inoculated donkeys. Results: We detected T. vivax in 30 of 180 wandering donkeys (16.6 %) using TviCATL-PCR. The prevalence was higher during the dry (15.5 %) than the wet season (1.1 %) and more females (23.1 %) than males (8.9 %) were infected. All the PCR-positive donkeys lacked patent parasitemia and showed normal values of body condition score (BCS) and packed cell volume (PCV). To evaluate the probable tolerance of donkeys to T. vivax, we inoculated five donkeys with a highly virulent isolate (TviBrRp) from the Semiarid. All inoculated donkeys became PCR-positive, but their parasitemia was always subpatent. A control goat inoculated with TviBrRp showed increasing parasitemia concurrently with fever, declining PCV, tachycardia, mucous membrane pallor, enlarged lymph nodes and anorexia. None of these signs were observed in donkeys. However, T. vivax from wandering donkeys shared identical or highly similar genotypes (identified by Cathepsin L sequences) with isolates from cattle and sheep outbreaks of acute disease in the Semiarid. Conclusions: This is the first report of T. vivax in donkeys in Brazil and, to our knowledge, the first experimental infection of donkeys with T. vivax. The symptomless field and experimental infections corroborated that donkeys are more tolerant to T. vivax than other livestock species as shown in African countries. Therefore, farmers, veterinaries and control programmes should be aware of healthy carrier donkeys as a possible source of T. vivax for susceptible livestock species in the Brazilian Semiarid.
Skin toxicities associated with epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors; The use of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors in several epithelial tumors has increased considerably in recent years. Currently, they are approved in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), pancreatic cancer, colorectal cancer and head and neck cancer. Skin toxicity is a class-specific side effect that is typically manifested as a papulopustular rash in the majority (45-100%) of patients receiving EGFR inhibitors. The skin toxicity is related to the inhibition of EGFR in the skin, which is crucial for the normal development and physiology of the epidermis. Although rarely life-threatening, skin toxicity may cause significant physical and psycho-social discomfort. Nevertheless, the presence and severity of skin rash is associated with improved clinical efficacy in patients receiving EGFR inhibitors. The goal of managing EGFR inhibitor-associated skin toxicity is to minimize the detrimental effects of the rash on patients' quality of life and treatment course without antagonizing the clinical efficacy of EGFR inhibitors. There is currently no evidence-based treatment guideline to prevent or treat the EGFR inhibitor-associated skin toxicities. Expert panels recommend a proactive, multidisciplinary approach that includes patient education and the use of a grade-based treatment algorithm. Elucidation of the mechanisms of EGFR inhibitor-associated skin toxicity and development of mechanism-based novel therapies are urgently needed. Preclinical data suggest topical application of a potent phosphatase inhibitor menadione (Vitamin K3) can rescue the inhibition of EGFR and downstream signaling molecules in the skin of mice receiving systemic EGFR inhibitor erlotinib or cetuximab. A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study has been initiated to evaluate the clinical efficacy of menadione topical cream, in the treatment or prevention of EGFR inhibitor-induced skin toxicity.
Preliminary study on the major important camel calf diseases and other factors causing calf mortality in the Somali regional state of Ethiopia; The study was undertaken in the 5 randomly selected districts of Afder zone. Out of 8 districts 5 districts were selected in which 15 households were selected from each districts and totally 75 household were selected. Random sampling technique was used. Calf mortality was seen as prenatal death due to abortion, postnatal death from first week to 3 months of calf age and before weaning period. The latter was mainly caused due to some endemic diseases and other associated factors. In this study, abortion rate was 16% and it was caused by several factors. These include accidental death of foetus and trypanosomiasis, which contributed 64.3 and 28.6%, respectively, in the case of Jarati, while trypanosomiasis and stress conditions contributed 40 and 46.7%, respectively in the case of Hargelle. On the other hand, stress conditions caused by adverse environmental conditions and unidentified poisonous plants, contributed 26.7 and 73.3%, respectively in the case of Barey. Similarly, trypanosomiasis, accidental death and stress conditions and browsing of poisonous plants contributed 33.3, 40.0, 20.0 and 6.7%, respectively, in the case of Dollo-Bay. With regard to El-kari district, about 66.7, 26.7 and 6.7% of respondents claimed that abortion was caused by accidental deaths, poisonous plants and stressful conditions, respectively. On the other hand, calf death was very high during the first week after birth. About 60, 50, 55, 45, 35% of Hargelle, Jarati, Barey, Dollo-Bay and El-kari, respectively, suggested that on an average 51% of calf losses were encountered during the first week of calves. Meanwhile, calf mortality of about 30% was encountered during first 90 days of calf age; where as the remaining 19% were encountered after 90 days of calf life, before weaning. Poor colostrum feeding practice is also believed to be one of the major causes of the calf mortality during the first week of calves life. Further more, some endemic diseases and other associated factors were also reported to be amongst the major causes of calf mortality during the lactation period before weaning. The most important disease found was called calf scour (Daab). The morbidity and mortality rate of calf scour was 87 and 39%, respectively. Sunken eye (Ilqod) was considered as the second problematic disease of calves by herders. The disease caused serious economic losses to the households through loss of milk after death of the calves. The morbidity and mortality rate due to sunken eyes were 57 and 12%, respectively. Contagious ecthyma (Canbaruur) was considered as the one of the important diseases of calves by herders. The morbidity and mortality rate of contagious ecthyma was 75 and 6.9% respectively. Contagious necrotic skin was also considered as the one of the important diseases of calves by herders. About 88% in all districts reported that the disease affected their calves with morbidity and mortality rate of calf 35 and 4.6%, respectively. Other endemic diseases reported were trypanosomiasis with morbidity and mortality rate of 9.6 and 6.7%. Camel pox had morbidity and mortality rates of 42 and 7%, respectively and pneumonia with mortality rate of 7%. On the other hand, factors causing calf losses included predator about 4.8, 23.8, 26.6, 16.7, and 26.2% of Hargelle, Jarati, Barey, Dollo-Bay and El-kari, respectively suggested that predators are considired next to diseases in causing calf mortatity.
Influence of stearic acid on hemostatic risk factors in humans; Stearic acid has been claimed to be prothrombotic. Elevated plasma factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) may raise the risk of coronary thrombosis in the event of plaque rupture. Fibrinogen, an acute-phase protein, is necessary for normal blood clotting; however, elevated levels of fibrinogen increase the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Here I report the results of three controlled, human dietary intervention studies, which used a randomized crossover design to investigate the hemostatic effects of stearic acid-rich test diets in healthy young men. A diet high in stearic acid (shea butter) resulted in a 13% lower fasting plasma FVIIc than a high palmitic acid diet, and was 18% lower than a diet high in myristic and lauric acids (P= 0.001) after 3 wk of intervention. The stearic acid-rich test fat increased plasma fibrinogen concentrations slightly compared with the myristic-lauric acid diet (P< 0.01). When investigating the acute effects of fatty meals, those high in stearic acid (synthesized test fat) resulted in a smaller postprandial increase in FVII than those high in trans and oleic FA, indicating a smaller increase in activated FVII after ingesting stearic acid compared with fats high in monounsaturated FA, probably caused by lower postprandial lipemia. Thus, the present investigations did not find dietary stearic acid to be more thrombogenic, in either fasting effects compared with other long-chain FA, or in acute effects compared with dietary unsaturated FA, including trans monounsaturated FA. The slightly increased effect on fasting plasma fibrinogen may be biologically insignificant, but it should be investigated further.
Interaction of estrogen therapy with calcium and vitamin D supplementation on colorectal cancer risk: Reanalysis of Women's Health Initiative randomized trial; Although calcium and vitamin-D intake were consistently shown to be inversely associated with colorectal cancer risk in several large prospective studies and protective against adenoma and cancer in multiple randomized trials, the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) of calcium and low-dose vitamin-D supplementation trial found no overall effects on colorectal cancer. However, the previous report did not recognize an important biologic interaction with estrogen therapy. We investigated the treatment interaction of estrogen with calcium and vitamin-D on risk of colorectal cancer via a reanalysis of primary data results from the WHI calcium and vitamin-D supplementation trial (1,000 mg elemental calcium, 400 IU of vitamin-D3, or placebo), reanalyzing results from women concurrently randomized to estrogen interventions and placebo. Results indicate that concurrent estrogen therapy was a strong effect modifier of calcium and vitamin-D supplementation on colorectal cancer risk. While calcium plus vitamin-D supplementation among women concurrently assigned to estrogen therapies suggested increased risk (Hazard Ratio = 1.50, 95% CI: 0.96-2.33), among women concurrently assigned to placebos arms of the estrogen trials, calcium plus vitamin-D indicated suggestive benefits (HR = 0.71, 95% CI: 0.46-1.09) (p-for-estrogen-interaction = 0.018). Consistent interaction was also found by reported estrogen use (p interaction = 0.037). Results indicate contrasting effects of calcium and vitamin-D by concurrent estrogen therapy on colorectal cancer risk. Although further clinical and mechanistic studies are warranted, the potential clinical implications of the apparent interaction of estrogen therapy with calcium and vitamin-D supplementation should be recognized. Important biological mechanisms related to the key membrane receptor megalin and estrogen-dependent protein calbindin are discussed. (c) 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Dietary fat and fatty acid intake and epithelial ovarian cancer risk: evidence from epidemiological studies; The associations between dietary fat and fatty acid (FA) intakes and epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) risk have been inconsistent in previous studies. We conducted a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies to evaluate these associations. We identified relevant studies by searching PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases. We used random-effects models to estimate summary relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Overall, the search yielded 20 studies (1 pooled analysis of 12 cohort studies, 5 cohorts, and 14 case-control studies). The summary RR for EOC for the highest versus lowest categories of total dietary fat intake was 1.12 (95% CI= 0.95-1.33; I-2 = 77.4%; n = 14). The RRs were not significant when fats were divided into plant-based fats (RR = 0.93, 95% CI = 0.77-1.13; n = 6), animal-based fats (RR = 1.15, 95% CI = 0.95-1.39; n = 8), dairy-based fats (RR = 1.02, 95% CI = 0.88-1.18; n = 3), saturated FAs (RR = 1.04, 95% CI = 0.93-1.17; n = 12), monounsaturated FAs (RR = 0.98, 95% CI = 0.84-1.13; n = 10), polyunsaturated FAs (RR = 0.96, 95% CI = 0.81-1.12; n = 10), and trans-unsaturated FAs (RR = 1.15, 95% CI = 0.98-1.36; n = 3). Similar non-significant results were also observed in most of the subgroup and sensitivity analyses. The findings of this meta-analysis suggest a lack of evidence for associations between dietary fat and FA intakes and EOC risk. Further analyses should be conducted to assess the associations with other types of fat, and the results should be stratified by tumor invasiveness and EOC histology.
Lidocaine Suppository for Transrectal Ultrasound-Guided Biopsy of the Prostate: A Prospective, Double-Blind, Randomized Study; Aims: To investigate analgesia using lidocaine suppositories for prostate biopsy. Methods: From 2007 to 2009, 160 patients underwent transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy at the Department of Urology, KBC Zagreb. 80 patients received a 60-mg lidocaine suppository intrarectally at different time points from 15 to 120 min before biopsy and 80 patients received a glycerin suppository as placebo. The pain level was evaluated using a visual analogue scale (VAS). Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the groups, i.e. they were similar regarding patients' age, prostate-specific antigen levels, prostate volume and the incidence of diagnosis of malignancy on biopsy. The mean pain score in the lidocaine group (3 +/- 1) was significantly lower than the mean pain score in the glycerin group (4.1 +/- 1.3) (p < 0.001). A noticeable trend towards lower pain scores in the lidocaine group was observed with more time elapsing from placing the suppository till the biopsy and the optimal time for performing biopsy starting approximately 1 h after placing the suppository. Conclusions: Lidocaine suppositories are an easy-to-use, self-applicable (by the patient) and cheap method of local analgesia, with acceptable results. Possible complications related to this procedure are insignificant. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Dietary approach to hypertension based on low glycaemic index and principles of DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension): a randomised trial in a primary care service; Hypertension is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in Brazil. Diet may play an important role in reducing blood pressure (BP), as has been shown for diets high in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products and low in salt (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Na). A low-glycaemic index Brazilian diet combined with the principles of the DASH-Na diet was evaluated in a randomised study of 206 individuals who were followed for 6 months. In the control group (CG), counselling was based on standard care and mainly focused on salt intake reduction. An intention-to-treat analysis showed that, after 6 months, systolic BP was reduced by 14.4 mmHg and diastolic BP by 9.7 mmHg in the experimental group (EG), compared with 6.7 and 4.6 mmHg, respectively, in the CG. After adjusting for body weight, BP at baseline and age, these changes were 12.1 and 7.9 mmHg, respectively. Urinary Na excretion was also reduced by 43.4 mEq/24 h in the EG. Food intake was modified accordingly during the intervention with an increase in the consumption of vegetables (2.97-5.85 frequency of consumption measured in three non-consecutive days), fruits (4.09-718), beans (1.94-313) and fish (1.80-2.74) by the EG. The present study showed the feasibility of a Brazilian dietary approach to treating hypertension by reducing urinary Na excretion and BP, changes that may have a great impact on public health and promote the benefits of controlling hypertension.
Meat intake, methods and degrees of cooking and breast cancer risk in the MCC-Spain study; Objective: To analyse the relationship of the risk of breast cancer (BC) to meat intake, preference regarding degree of cooking ('doneness') and cooking methods, using data from a population-based case-control study (MCC-Spain). Study design: 1006 Histologically confirmed incident BC cases and 1370 controls were recruited in 10 Spanish provinces. Participants were 23-85 years old. They answered an epidemiological survey and a food frequency questionnaire. BC risk was assessed overall, by menopausal status and by pathological subtypes, using logistic and multinomial regression mixed models adjusted for known confounding factors and including province as a random effects term. Main outcome measures: Breast cancer and pathological subtype. Results: High total intake of meat (ORQ4-Q1 (95% IC) = 1.39 (1.03-1.88)) was associated with increased BC risk among post-menopausal women. Similar results were found for processed/cured meat (ORQ4-Q1 (95% IC) = 1.47 (1.10-1.97)), and this association was particularly strong for triple-negative tumours (ER-, PR- and HER2-) (ORQ(4-Q1) (95% IC) = 2.52 (1.15-5.49)). Intakes of well-done (ORwell-donevsrare, (95% CI) = 1.62 (1.15-2.30)) and stewed (OR (95% CI) = 1.49 (1.20-1.84)) red meat were associated with increased BC risk, with a high risk observed for HR + tumours (ER + /PR + and HER2-). Pan-fried/bread-coated fried white meat, but not doneness preference, was associated with an increased BC risk for all women (OR (95% CI) = 1.38 (1.14-1.65)), with a stronger association for pre-menopausal women (OR (95% CI) = 1.78 (1.29-2.46)). Conclusion: The risk of developing BC could be reduced by moderating the consumption of well-done or stewed red meat, pan-fried/bread-coated fried white meat and, especially, processed/cured meat.
A phase I trial of topical topitriol (calcitriol, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub>) to prevent chemotherapy-induced alopecia; This study evaluated the toxicity and efficacy of topical topitriol (calcitriol, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3) to prevent chemotherapy-induced alopecia (CIA). Patients with breast cancer scheduled to receive FAC chemotherapy (5-fluorouracil, adriamycin and cyclophosphamide) were eligible for the study. Initially, the first six patients were randomized in a double-blind fashion to have received topitriol or placebo with all subsequent patients being treated with topitriol, Topitriol cream (0.0025 or 0.005%; 25 and 50 mu g/g concentration) was administered topically twice a day. Three different doses and schedules of administration were evaluated including: 500 and 1000 mu g daily for 7 days prior to chemotherapy, and 2000 mu g daily for 5 days prior and 5 days post-chemotherapy. Fourteen patients were treated (12 with topitriol and two with placebo) at three different dose levels. All patients developed grade 2 alopecia between day 20 and 30 after chemotherapy, demonstrating the lack of efficacy of topical topitriol on this schedule of administration to prevent CIA. Eight patients exposed to topitriol developed a toxic maculopapular dermatitis in areas exposed to the drug. In conclusion, topical topitriol at the doses and schedules evaluated in this trial was ineffective to prevent CIA and induced a local dermatitis in areas exposed to the drug. [(C) 1999 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.].
EFFECTS OF MASSAGE ON MUSCULAR STRENGTH AND PROPRIOCEPTION AFTER EXERCISE-INDUCED MUSCLE DAMAGE; Shin, M-S and Sung, Y-H. Effects of massage on muscular strength and proprioception after exercise-induced muscle damage. J Strength Cond Res 29(8): 2255-2260, 2015Exercise-induced muscle damage (EIMD), which is commonly associated with eccentric exercise, unaccustomed exercise, and resistance training, may lead to delayed onset muscle soreness, swelling, decreased muscle strength, and range of motion. Many researchers have evaluated various interventions to treat the signs and symptoms of EIMD. However, the effects of massage after EIMD are unclear. Here, we investigated the effect of massage on muscle strength and proprioception after EIMD. All subjects randomly were divided into an EIMD-treated control group (n = 10) and a massage-treated after EIMD experimental group (n = 11). Exercise-induced muscle damage was induced by repeated exercise. Massage treatment was provided by physiotherapist for 15 minutes. It consists of light stroking, milking, friction, and skin rolling. Lactate was evaluated by Lactate Pro analyzer in pre- and postexercise. Surface electromyography (muscle activity) and sonography (muscle thickness) were used to confirm the muscular characteristics. Proprioception was investigated by dual inclinometer. As a result, massage treatment on the gastrocnemius after EIMD increased activation of the medial gastrocnemius during contraction (p 0.05). In the lateral and medial gastrocnemius, the (s), which is the angle between muscle fibers and superficial aponeurosis, showed a significant change (p 0.05). However, there are no differences in the (d), which is the angle between muscle fibers and deep aponeurosis. We also found that proprioceptive acuity in the ankle joint was significantly greater in the massage-treated experimental group compared with that in the control group (p 0.05). These findings suggest that massage of the gastrocnemius after EIMD can improve muscle strength and proprioception by influencing the superficial layer of the gastrocnemius.
Surgical versus non-surgical treatment of actinic cheilitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective The aim of this systematic review was to compare outcomes between surgical and non-surgical treatment of actinic cheilitis (AC). Materials and Methods A systematic review and meta-analysis based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses guideline were performed. A search of PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases was conducted. Articles were selected based on the inclusion criteria: randomized clinical trials, prospective/retrospective studies, and case series with at least 10 patients, with a minimum follow-up period of 6 months. A weighted remission rate (RER) and recurrence rate (RR) with a 95% confidence interval was performed. Data analysis was performed using a comprehensive meta-analysis software. Results A total of 283 ACs in 10 studies were included. About 2.5% surgically treated cases underwent malignant transformation. The weighted remission rate was higher for surgical (92.8%) compared to non-surgical treatment (65.9%). The recurrence rate was lower for surgical (8.4%) compared to non-surgical treatment (19.2%). Conclusion In this systematic review, the surgical treatment was more favorable than non-surgical for AC. Meanwhile, further studies are needed that should maximize methodological standardization and have greater rigor of the data collection process.
Melatonin protects kidney grafts from ischemia/reperfusion injury through inhibition of NF-kB and apoptosis after experimental kidney transplantation; Free radicals are involved in pathophysiology of ischemia/reperfusion injury (IRI). Melatonin is a potent scavenger of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species. Thus, this study was designed to elucidate its effects in a model of rat kidney transplantation. Twenty Lewis rats were randomly divided into 2 groups (n = 10 animals each). Melatonin (50 mg/kg BW) dissolved in 5 mL milk was given to one group via gavage 2 hr before left donor nephrectomy. Controls were given the same volume of milk only. Kidney grafts were then transplanted into bilaterally nephrectomized syngeneic recipients after 24 hr of cold storage in Histidine-Tryptophan-Ketoglutarate solution. Both graft function and injury were assessed after transplantation through serum levels of blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, transaminases, and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). Biopsies were taken to evaluate tubular damage, the enzymatic activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and lipid hydroperoxide (LPO), and the expression of NF-kBp65, inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), caspase-3 as indices of oxidative stress, necrosis, and apoptosis, respectively. Melatonin improved survival (P < 0.01) while decreasing BUN, creatinine, transaminases, and LDH values up to 39-71% (P < 0.05). Melatonin significantly reduced the histological index for tubular damage, induced tissue enzymatic activity of SOD while reducing LPO. At the same time, melatonin down-regulated the expression of NF-kBp65, iNOS, and caspase-3. In conclusion, donor preconditioning with melatonin protected kidney donor grafts from IRI-induced renal dysfunction and tubular injury most likely through its anti-oxidative, anti-apoptotic and NF-kB inhibitory capacity.
Changing Diet Habits in Patients with Cancer Recurrence; Introduction: Up to 30% of cancer cases are linked to food. As part of their self-care practice, cancer survivors should eat a healthy diet. This study aimed to describe the changes in diet habits made between the first and second cancer diagnosis, as well as to learn more about cancer causes. Materials and Methods: A random sample proportion was used with 195 patients who responded to a survey in 2019 related to the object of study. For data analysis, statistical correspondence factorial analysis, cluster analysis and frequency distribution were carried out. Results: Health was the main reason for changing eating habits, followed by factors associated with cancer treatment. Patients reduced their consumption of fatty meats, fried foods, alcohol, snacks, cold cuts, and dairy products, while increased their fruit and vegetable intake. Discussion: After a second cancer diagnosis, participants reported favorable changes in improving their health based on the recommendations of international organizations. Health status and cancer treatment were conditions that most influenced cancer survivors to change diet habits in the face of a new diagnosis or relapse. Conclusion: Patients with cancer recurrence decide to change their eating habits to have a healthier life. Adequate nutrition should be promoted among the general population and even more in cancer survivors.
Cognitive research enhances accuracy of food frequency questionnaire reports: Results of an experimental validation study; Objective To test whether changing a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) on the basis of cognitive theory and testing results in greater accuracy. Accuracy was examined for 4 design issues: a) Grouping: asking about foods in a single vs multiple separate questions; b) different forms of a food: asking consumption frequency of each form of a food (eg, skim, 2%, whole milk) vs a nesting approach-asking frequency of the main food (eg, milk) and proportion of times each form was consumed; c) additions (eg, sugar to coffee): asking independent of the main food vs nested under the main foods; d) units: asking frequency and portion size vs frequency of units (eg, cups of coffee). Design Participants in two randomly assigned groups completed 30 consecutive daily food reports (DFRs), followed by 1 of 2 FFQs that asked about foods consumed in the past month. One was a new, cognitively-based National Cancer Institute (NCI) Diet History Questionnaire; the other was the 1992 NCI-Block Health Habits and History Questionnaire. Subjects/setting 623 participants, age range 25 to 70 years, from metropolitan Washington, DC. Statistical analyses performed Accuracy was assessed by comparing DFR and FFQ responses using categorical (percent agreement) and continuous (rank order correlation, discrepancy scores) agreement statistics. Results Grouping: accuracy was greater using separate questions. Different forms of food: accuracy was greater using nesting. Additions: neither approach was consistently superior; accuracy of the addition report was affected by accuracy of the main food report. Units: both approaches were similarly accurate. Conclusions Accuracy of FFQ reporting can be improved by restructuring questions based on cognitive theory and testing.
Epidemiology of Uterine Myomas: A Review; Myomas are the most common benign tumors of the genital organs in women of childbearing age, causing significant morbidity and impairing their quality of life. In our investigation, we have reviewed the epidemiological data related to the development of myomas in order to homogenize the current data. Therefore, a MEDLINE and PubMed search, for the years 1990-2013, was conducted using a combination of keywords, such as "myoma," "leiomyoma," "fibroids," "myomectomy," "lifestyle," "cigarette," "alcohol," "vitamins," "diet," and "hysterectomy". Randomized controlled studies were selected based upon the authors' estimation. Peer-reviewed articles examining myomas were sorted by their relevance and included in this research. Additional articles were also identified from the references of the retrieved papers and included according to authors' estimation. Many epidemiologic factors are linked to the development of myomas; however, many are not yet fully understood. These factors include age, race, heritage, reproductive factors, sex hormones, obesity, lifestyle (diet, caffeine and alcohol consumption, smoking, physical activity and stress), environmental and other influences, such as hypertension and infection. Some of the epidemiological data is conflicting. Thus, more research is needed to understand all the risk factors that contribute to myoma formation and how they exactly influence their onset and growth.
Vitamin D and reduced risk of breast cancer: A population-based case-control study; Background: Vitamin D, antiproliferative and proapoptotic in breast cancer cell lines, can reduce the development of mammary tumors in carcinogen-exposed rats. Current evidence in humans is limited with some suggestion that vitamin D-related factors may reduce the risk of breast cancer. We conducted a population-based case-control study to assess the evidence for a relationship between sources of vitamin D and breast cancer risk. Methods: Women with newly diagnosed invasive breast cancer were identified from the Ontario Cancer Registry. Women without breast cancer were identified through randomly selected residential telephone numbers. Telephone interviews were completed for 972 cases and 1,135 controls. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for vitamin D-related variables were estimated using unconditional logistic regression with adjustment for potential confounders. Results: Reduced breast cancer risks were associated with increasing sun exposure from ages 10 to 19 (e.g., OR, 0.65; 95% CI, 0.50-0.85 for the highest quartile of outdoor activities versus the lowest; P for trend = 0.0006). Reduced risk was also associated with cod liver oil use (OR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.62-0.92) and increasing milk consumption (OR, 0.62 95% CI 0.45-0.86 for >= 10 glasses per week versus none; P for trend = 0.0004). There was weaker evidence for associations from ages 20 to 29 and no evidence for ages 45 to 54. Conclusion: We found strong evidence to support the hypothesis that vitamin D could help prevent breast cancer. However, our results suggest that exposure earlier in life, particularly during breast development, maybe most relevant. These results should be confirmed.
Repeated intrauterine infusions of lipopolysaccharide alter gene expression and lifespan of the bovine corpus luteum; Inflammation of the uterus is associated with disturbed ovarian function and reduced reproductive performance in dairy cows. To investigate the influence of endometritis on the bovine corpus luteum, 8 heifers received intrauterine infusions with either phosphate-buffered saline (PBS; 9 mL) or Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide (LPS; 3 mu g/kg of body weight diluted in 9 mL of PBS) at 6-h intervals from 12 h before and until 9 d after ovulation during 2 cycles in a random order (ovulation = d 1). An untreated cycle was examined before and after PBS and LPS cycles, and the mean values from both untreated cycles were used as control. In all cycles, blood sampling and ultrasonography of the ovaries were performed on d 0, 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18, and then every 2 d until ovulation. Endometrial cells were collected for cytology and quantitative realtime reverse transcriptase PCR on d 0, 6, and 9, and on d 0 and 6, respectively, and luteal tissue was collected for quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase PCR on d 6 and 9. Both, PBS and LPS infusions induced subclinical endometritis, which was accompanied by increased endometrial mRNA abundance of proinflammatory cytokines IL1 beta, IL8, and tumor necrosis factor a. Additionally, LPS challenge induced premature luteolysis, which was characterized by increased plasma concentrations of PGF(2 alpha) metabolite, decreased plasma progesterone concentrations, and reduced luteal size and blood flow compared with the control. The luteal mRNA expression of the LPS receptor TLR4, PGE synthase, and the apoptosis-related factor CASP3 were higher, and those of steroidogenic factors STAR and HSD3B, the PGF receptor, and the angiogenic factor VEGFA(121) were lower after LPS challenge compared with the control. In conclusion, repeated intrauterine LPS infusions during the first 9 d of the estrous cycle alter gene expression and shorten the lifespan of the bovine corpus luteum.
Prospective Randomized Clinical Trial Assessing the Efficacy of Denamarin for Prevention of CCNU-Induced Hepatopathy in Tumor-Bearing Dogs; Background: Increases in liver enzymes occur in up to 86% of dogs receiving CCNU and can result in treatment delay or early discontinuation of treatment. Denamarin contains S-adenosylmethionine and silybin, both of which have been investigated as treatments for various liver diseases. Hypothesis: Dogs on CCNU receiving Denamarin have lower alanine aminotransferase (ALT) activity than dogs not receiving Denamarin. Dogs on Denamarin are less likely to require treatment delay because of hepatopathy and are more likely to complete their prescribed course of CCNU. Animals: Dogs with lymphoma, mast cell tumor, or histiocytic sarcoma that were prescribed CCNU with or without corticosteroids and with normal ALT activity were eligible for enrollment. Methods: Dogs were prospectively randomized to receive either concurrent Denamarin during CCNU chemotherapy or to receive CCNU alone. Liver-specific laboratory tests were run before each dose of CCNU. Results: Increased liver enzyme activity occurred in 84% of dogs receiving CCNU alone and in 68% of dogs on concurrent Denamarin. Dogs receiving CCNU alone had significantly greater increases in ALT, aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, and bilirubin and a significantly greater decrease in serum cholesterol concentrations than dogs receiving concurrent Denamarin. Dogs receiving CCNU alone were significantly more likely to have treatment delayed or discontinued because of increased ALT activity. Conclusions: Increased liver enzyme activity occurs commonly in dogs receiving CCNU chemotherapy. These results support the use of concurrent Denamarin to minimize increased liver enzyme activity in dogs receiving CCNU chemotherapy. Denamarin treatment also increases the likelihood of dogs completing a prescribed CCNU course.
Hydrolyzed Yeast Supplementation in Calf Starter Promotes Innate Immune Responses in Holstein Calves under Weaning Stress Condition; Simple Summary New-born Holstein calves are vulnerable to infectious diseases owing to incomplete immune system development. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of six weeks of hydrolyzed yeast supplementation in Holstein calf starter on stress and immune responses after weaning. Hydrolyzed yeast supplementation facilitated the innate immune response after weaning, with a limited stress response. Therefore, the supplementation of hydrolyzed yeast in calf starters may help weaned calves adapt to diet-induced stresses. These results suggest that hydrolyzed yeast may be an effective feed additive for modulating stress-related immune responses. Weaned calves are susceptible to infectious diseases because of the stress and malnutrition that occurs during weaning. Therefore, the dairy industry requires effective feed additives to ameliorate stress responses and promote immunity. This study aimed to investigate the effects of hydrolyzed yeast (HY) supplementation on the growth performance, immune and stress parameters, and health status of calves after weaning. Eighteen Holstein calves were randomly assigned to two groups, either receiving a control calf starter or 0.2% HY calf starter from one week of age. All calves were weaned at six weeks of age as a stress challenge. The HY-fed calves had a significantly-higher body weight gain during the post-weaning period (kg/week) compared to the control. Cortisol levels at three days post-weaning (DPW) were significantly lower in the HY group than the control group. Calves fed HY had significantly-higher serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-1 beta at one DPW. The HY-fed calves also had higher concentrations of the acute-phase proteins, haptoglobin, serum amyloid A, and transferrin at one DPW. In addition, the diarrhea severity in HY-fed calves was milder after weaning compared to the control group. Our results indicate that HY supplementation reduces stress responses and may promote innate immunity in newly-weaned calves.
Effects of birth order and maternal age on breast cancer risk; Background: Early life risk factors for breast cancer have been investigated in relation to hormonal, nutritional, infectious, and genetic hypotheses. Recent studies have also considered potential health effects associated with exposure to environmental contaminants in breastmilk. Methods: We analyzed data from a population-based case-control study of women living in Wisconsin. Cases (n = 2016) had an incident diagnosis of invasive breast cancer in 2002-2006 reported to the statewide tumor registry. Controls (n = 1960) of similar ages were randomly selected from driver's license lists. Risk-factor information was collected during structured telephone interviews. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated from multivariable logistic regression. Results: In multivariable models, maternal age and birth order were not associated with breast cancer risk in the full study population. The odds ratio for breast cancer risk associated with having been breast-fed in infancy was 0.83 (95% CI = 0.72-0.96). In analyses restricted to breast-fed women, maternal age associations with breast cancer were null (P = 0.2). Increasing maternal age was negatively associated with breast cancer risk among women who were not breast-fed; the odds ratio for breast cancer associated with each 5-year increase in maternal age was 0.90 (0.82-1.00). Higher birth order was inversely associated with breast cancer risk among breast-fed women (for women with 3 or more older siblings compared with first-born women, OR = 0.58 [CI = 0.39-0.86]) but not among nonbreast-fed women (1.13 [0.81-1.57]). Conclusion: These findings suggest that early life risk factor associations for breast cancer may differ according to breast-feeding status in infancy.
Treatment of actinic keratoses; Dermatologists have many therapeutic options for the management of actinic keratoses (AK), in order to treat individual lesions or wider areas. Field cancerization is an area of sun-damaged skin, where visible and subclinical lesions co-exist, and is prone to the development of further AK lesions and sun-related skin cancers (SC). Treatments available are instrumental or medical. Resistance to treatment or atypical symptoms must lead to a biopsy for histological exam. Cryotherapy is the most frequently used method to destroy small or isolated AK, whereas photodynamic therapy (PDT), 5-fluoro-uracil (5-FU), imiquimod, ingenol mebutate and diclofenac are required for large, multiple lesions, and for the treatment of field cancerization. Side-effects of these therapies are essentially local, including pain, irritation, erythema, edema and scars. There is no randomized comparative study reviewing all these treatments, therefore physicians must also consider clinical characteristics, patient's compliance, side-effects and cost when treating AK. Medico-economic data of these treatments have been analyzed in several countries, and annual costs are estimated between 250 (sic) and 2 000 (sic), with an uncertain cost-effective relation. Finally, beyond treatment of AK lesions, patients with AK are at high risk of developing SC, and must therefore have regular full-body examination, in order to be detected and treated precociously. (C) 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Circulating phosphorus concentration and risk of prostate cancer: a Mendelian randomization study; Background Recent observational studies have suggested that circulating phosphorus concentrations are positively associated with the risk of prostate cancer. However, little is known about the causal direction of the association. Objectives To explore the potential causal relation between circulating phosphorus and risk of prostate cancer, we conducted a Mendelian randomization (MR) study. Methods Summary statistics of prostate cancer were obtained from a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies (GWASs) consisting of 79,148 cases and 61,106 controls. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with serum phosphorus concentration were selected from a GWAS of 291,408 individuals from the UK Biobank. MR analysis was performed using the inverse variance weighted (IVW) method, supplemented with simple median method, weighted median method, maximum likelihood-based method, MR-Egger regression, and the MR pleiotropy residual sum and outlier test. We also performed a meta-analysis of observational studies to assess the associations of dietary phosphorus intake and serum phosphorus concentration with risk of prostate cancer. Results In the MR analysis, a total of 125 independent SNPs associated with serum phosphorus concentrations were used as instrumental variables. Genetically predicted serum phosphorus concentrations were associated with a 19% increased risk of prostate cancer (95% CI: 9%, 31%) per 1-SD increment of serum phosphorus by IVW (P = 1.82 x 10(-4)). Sensitivity analyses using alternative MR methods produced similar positive associations, and no evidence of pleiotropy was detected by MR-Egger regression (P = 0.422). For meta-analysis, 8 studies for dietary phosphorus intake and 4 for serum phosphorus concentrations were included involving a total of 669,080 participants. Consistently, high dietary phosphorus intake and serum phosphorus concentrations were associated with an 8% (95% CI: 4%, 12%) and 7% (95% CI: 1%, 14%) increase in prostate cancer risk, respectively. Conclusions Our study suggested a potential causal relation between circulating phosphorus and risk of prostate cancer. Further studies are warranted to elucidate the underlying mechanism of phosphorus in the development of prostate cancer.
Dietary energy level affects adipose depot mass but does not impair in vitro subcutaneous adipose tissue response to short-term insulin and tumor necrosis factor-α challenge in nonlactating, nonpregnant Holstein cows; We assessed effects of overfeeding energy to nonlactating and nonpregnant Holstein cows during a length of time similar to a typical dry period on body lipid storage and the abundance of genes related to insulin signaling, inflammation, and ubiquitination in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) in vitro challenged with insulin and recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Fourteen cows were randomly assigned to either a high-energy (OVE; net energy for lactation = 1.60 Mcal/kg of dry matter; n = 7) or control (CON; net energy for lactation = 1.30 Mcal/kg of dry matter; n = 7) diet for 6 wk. Immediately after slaughter, liver, kidneys, and mammary gland were separated and weighed. The adipose tissue mass in the omental, mesenteric, and perirenal depots was dissected and weighed. Subcutaneous adipose tissue was collected from the tail-head region and was used as follows: control, bovine insulin (INS) at 1 mu mol/L, tumor necrosis factor-alpha at 5 ng/mL (TNF), and their combination. Despite a lack of difference in final body condition score, OVE cows had greater energy intake and were heavier than CON cows. Furthermore, overfeeding led to greater mass of mesenteric and perirenal adipose, liver, and mammary gland. Overall, SAT incubated with INS had an upregulation of insulin receptor (INSR), interleukin 10 (IL10), small ubiquitin-like modifier 3 (SUMO3), and ubiquitin conjugating enzyme E2I (UBC9), whereas TNF upregulated peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG), diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 2 (DGAT2), interleukin 6 (IL6), nuclear factor kappa B subunit 1 (NFKB1), small ubiquitin-like modifier 2 (SUMO2), and UBC9. Regardless of in vitro treatment, feeding OVE upregulated PPARG, fatty acid synthase (FASN), and insulin induced gene 1 (INSIG1). Abundance of PPARG was greater in SAT of OVE cows cultured individually with INS and TNF. The interaction between diet and in vitro treatment revealed that sterol regulatory element binding transcription factor 1 (SREBF1) had greater abundance in SAT from the CON group in response to culture with INS, whereas SAT from OVE cows had greater SREBF1 abundance in response to culture with TNF. The mRNA abundance of IL6 and NFKB1 was greater in response to TNF treatment and overall in CON cows. Furthermore, SAT from these cows had greater IL10 abundance when cultured with INS and TNF. Overall, data highlighted that overfeeding energy increases adipose tissue mass in part by stimulating transcription of key genes associated with insulin signaling, adipogenesis, and lipogenesis. Because SAT thickness or mass was not measured, the lack of effect of overfeeding on body condition score limits its use to predict overall body lipid storage. An overt inflammatory response in SAT after a 6-wk period of over-consumption of energy could not be discerned.
Induction of p53 expression in skin by radiotherapy and UV radiation: A randomized study; Background: p53 protein plays an important role in the response to DNA damage, and radiotherapy can cause radiation dermatitis, p53 and p21 levels increase in vitro when DNA is damaged by UVA, UVB, or gamma -radiation, To determine whether this response occurs in human skin and predicts the level of radiation dermatitis, we investigated levels of p53 and p21 in skin exposed to different types of radiation as part of a randomized study of women with breast cancer to evaluate topical steroid or emollient cream treatments for radiation dermatitis of their irradiated breast. Methods: After surgery but before receiving tangential 5-mV photo-beam radiotherapy (2 Gy and 54 Gy) to the affected breast parenchyma, multiple areas on the backs of 50 women were irradiated with UVA and other areas were irradiated with UVB, Skin biopsy samples were taken from areas of normal unirradiated skin and all irradiated areas, and p53 and p21 were detected immunohistochemically, All statistical tests are two-sided. Results: In skin irradiated with UVA or UVB, medians of 4.4% (range = 0%-40.5%) or 45.5% (range = 5.3%-74.6%) p53-positive keratinocytes, respectively, were observed. Radiotherapy produced medians of 31.0% (range = 0%-79.3%) p53-immunoreactive cells after 2 Gy of radiation and 83.2% (range = 37.6%-95.2%) after 54 Gy of radiation. Despite large interindividual differences in p53 response, comparable increases in epidermal p53 response were independent of the type of radiation. A correlation between p53 and p21 was also evident (r(s) = .78), In breast skin, there was no association between the p53 response and the degree of erythema (a measure of radiation dermatitis) and no statistically significant difference between treatment arms and p21/p53 responses. Conclusions: Individual responses to radiation-induced DNA damage varied widely and may be independent of the type of radiation. The epidermal p53 response does not predict the degree of radiation dermatitis.
Mediterranean Dietary Pattern is Associated with Low Risk of Aggressive Prostate Cancer: MCC-Spain Study; Purpose: We explored the association of the previously described Western, prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns with prostate cancer risk by tumor aggressiveness and extension. Materials and Methods: MCC-Spain (Multicase-Control Study on Common Tumors in Spain) is a population based, multicase-control study that was done in 7 Spanish provinces between September 2008 and December 2013. It collected anthropometric, epidemiological and dietary information on 754 histologically confirmed incident cases of prostate cancer and 1,277 controls 38 to 85 years old. Three previously identified dietary patterns, including Western, prudent and Mediterranean, were reconstructed using MCC-Spain data. The association of each pattern with prostate cancer risk was assessed by logistic regression models with random, province specific intercepts. Risk according to tumor aggressiveness (Gleason score 6 vs greater than 6) and extension (cT1-cT2a vs cT2b-cT4) was evaluated by multinomial regression models. Results: High adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern rich not only in fruits and vegetables but also in fish, legumes and olive oil was specifically associated with a lower risk of Gleason score greater than 6 prostate cancer (quartile 3 vs 1 relative RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.46-0.96 and quartile 4 vs 1 relative RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.46-1.01, p-trend = 0.023) or with higher clinical stage (cT2b-T4 quartile 4 vs 1 relative RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.25-0.96, p-trend = 0.024). This association was not observed with the prudent pattern, which combines vegetables and fruits with low fat dairy products, whole grains and juices. The Western pattern did not show any association with prostate cancer risk. Conclusions: Nutritional recommendations for prostate cancer prevention should consider whole dietary patterns instead of individual foods. We found important differences between the Mediterranean dietary pattern, which was associated with a lower risk of aggressive prostate cancer, and Western and prudent dietary patterns, which had no relationship with prostate cancer risk.
Food Groups and Renal Cell Carcinoma: Results from a Case-Control Study; Background The role of diet in renal cell carcinoma risk has been inconciusive. This study uses an integrative approach to assess the role of food groups and food items in renal cell carcinoma risk. Design A case-control study was conducted from 2003-2006. Subjects/setting Incident cases (n=335) were identified from hospital records and the Florida cancer registry, and population controls (n=337) frequency matched by age (5 years), sex, and race were identified through randomdigit dialing. Eating habits were assessed through the use of the 70-item Block food frequency questionnaire. Statistical analyses Odds ratios (ORs), 95% confidence intervals (CIs), and tests for trends were calculated using logistic regression, controlled for age, sex, race, income, body mass index, and pack-years of smoking. Results Decreased renal cell carcinoma risk was observed among the total sample and for men for vegetable consumption (all subjects: OR 0.56, 95% CI 0.35, 0.88; men: OR 0.49, 95% CI 0.25, 0.96) but not for fruit consumption. Tomato consumption decreased renal cell carcinoma risk for the total population and for men (all subjects: OR 0.50, 95% CI 0.31, 0.81; men: OR 0.47, 95% CI 0.24, 0.95). Increased risk of renal cell carcinoma was observed among all subjects and among women with increased consumption of red meat (all subjects: OR 4.43, 95% CI 2.02, 9.75; women: OR 3.04, 95% CI 1.60, 5.79). White bread consumption increased renal cell carcinoma risk among women only (OR 3.05, 95% CI 1.50, 6.20), as did total dairy consumption (OR 2.36, 95% CI 1.21, 4.60). Conclusions The protective role of vegetables and the increased risk of renal cell carcinoma with meat consumption are supported. The protective role of fruits is not. Novel findings inciude the increased risk of renal cell carcinoma with white bread and white potato consumption and the decreased risk of renal cell carcinoma with tomato consumption. J Am Diet Assoc. 2009;109:656-667.
Metronidazole gel (0.75%) in Japanese patients with rosacea: A randomized, vehicle-controlled, phase 3 study; Topical metronidazole is not currently approved in Japan as a treatment for the indication of rosacea, although 0.75% metronidazole gel was authorized in 2014 for the management of cancerous skin ulcers. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 0.75% metronidazole gel in Japanese patients with inflammatory lesions (papules/pustules) and erythema associated with moderate to severe rosacea. Overall, 130 patients were randomly assigned to receive 0.75% metronidazole gel (n = 65) or vehicle (n = 65), and 120 patients completed 12 weeks of treatment. The primary efficacy outcome was the proportion of patients who achieved both of the following at week 12: an improvement of >50% in the number of inflammatory lesions (papules/pustules) and a positive change of at least one degree in erythema severity. This composite outcome was achieved by 72.3% of metronidazole-treated patients versus 36.9% of vehicle-treated patients, with the between-group difference demonstrating significant improvement with 0.75% metronidazole gel (p < 0.0001). All secondary efficacy endpoints (patients achieving a score of >= 3 for percent change in the number of inflammatory lesions at week 12; patients achieving a score of >= 3 for change in erythema severity at week 12; patients achieving an Investigator's Global Assessment score of 0 or 1 at week 12; percent change over time in the number of inflammatory lesions; change over time in erythema severity) also showed improvement in the 0.75% metronidazole gel group. The incidence of adverse events was higher with metronidazole (40.0%) than with vehicle (29.2%). Of these, treatment-related, treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in 9.2% and 6.2% in the metronidazole and the vehicle group, respectively, but there were no new safety concerns. Overall, the results of this study have confirmed the efficacy and safety of 0.75% metronidazole gel in Japanese patients with rosacea.
Prevention of colorectal cancer and dietary management; Objectives: This systematic review focuses on dietary and lifestyle risk factors for colorectal cancer (CRC) prevention and chemoprevention among high-risk populations. Methods and materials: We searched PubMed for English-language articles about dietary components, lifestyle risk factors, and chemoprevention agents in relation to colorectal cancer and their references published from 1980 through 2013. We reviewed articles jointly for the most clinically important information, emphasizing randomized trials and meta-analyses where available. Results: There is convincing evidence that intake of garlic, vitamin B6 and magnesium, active living, maintaining a healthy weight and waist, avoiding or reducing red meat, alcohol, and smoking, as well as hormone replacement therapy among women may significantly protect against developing colorectal cancer. There is less consistent evidence for fruit and vegetable intake (fiber and folate), fish and Omega-3 fatty acids, selenium, dairy, calcium and vitamin D. For high-risk populations, aspirin have been shown to protect against the development of colonic adenomas and CRC, while a minimal effective dose remains unclear. Conclusions: Colorectal cancer can be prevented in general population through dietary and lifestyle interventions, and aspirin may be a good choice of chemoprevention agent among high risk individuals.
Adherence to the Western, Prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns and breast cancer risk: MCC-Spain study; Objective: To externally validate the previously identified effect on breast cancer risk of the Western, Prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns. Study design: MCC-Spain is a multicase-control study that collected epidemiological information on 1181 incident cases of female breast cancer and 1682 healthy controls from 10 Spanish provinces. Three dietary patterns derived in another Spanish case-control study were analysed in the MCC-Spain study. These patterns were termed Western (high intakes of fatty and sugary products and red and processed meat), Prudent (high intakes of low-fat dairy products, vegetables, fruits, whole grains and juices) and Mediterranean (high intake of fish, vegetables, legumes, boiled potatoes, fruits, olives, and vegetable oil, and a low intake of juices). Their association with breast cancer was assessed using logistic regression models with random province-specific intercepts considering an interaction with menopausal status. Risk according to tumour subtypes based on oestrogen (ER), progesterone (PR) and human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2) receptors (ER +/PR + HER2; HER2+; ER- /PR- & HER2-) -was evaluated with multinomial regression models. Main outcome measures: Breast cancer and histological subtype. Results: Our results confirm most of the associations found in the previous case-control study. A high adherence to the Western dietary pattern seems to increase breast cancer risk in both premenopausal women (OR4th vs 1st quartile (95% CI):1.68 (1.02;2.79); ORISD-increase (95% CI):1.19 (1.02;1.40)) and postmenopausal women (OR4th vs 1st quartile(95% CI):1.48(1.07;2.05); ORISD-increase(95% CO: 1.14 (1.01;1.29)). While high adherence to the Prudent pattern did not show any effect on breast cancer, the Mediterranean dietary pattern seemed to be protective, but only among postmenopausal women (OR4th vs 1st quartile (95% CI): 0.72 (95% CI 0.53;0.98); p-int = 0.075). There were no significant differences by tumour subtype. Conclusion: Dietary recommendations based on a departure from the Western dietary pattern in favour of the Mediterranean diet could reduce breast cancer risk in the general population.
Dietary calcium intake and hypertension risk: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; The association of calcium intake with risk of developing hypertension in the general population has not been established yet. We systematically searched PubMed and Scopus databases up to February 2018 to find prospective observational studies investigating the association of calcium intake with risk of developing hypertension. The reported risk estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Eight prospective cohort studies (248,398 participants and 30,838 cases) were included. Seven studies measured dietary calcium intake, but one study measured total calcium intake (calcium from food and supplements). A significant inverse association was found for the highest versus lowest category of calcium intake (relative risk: 0.89, 95%CI: 0.86, 0.93; I-2 = 0%, n = 8), and for each 500 mg/d increment (relative risk: 0.93, 95%CI: 0.90, 0.97; I-2 = 64%, n = 7). Summary results were the same with the main analyses when the analyses were restricted only to dietary calcium intake. A nonlinear dose-response meta-analysis exhibited a linear inverse association, with a somewhat steeper trend within the low and moderate intakes. In conclusion, higher dietary calcium intake, independent of adiposity and intake of other blood pressure-related minerals, is slightly associated with a lower risk of developing hypertension.
Efficacy of sunscreen with photolyase or regular sunscreen associated with topical antioxidants in treating advanced photodamage and cutaneous field cancerization: a randomized clinical trial; Background: Several treatments are available for skin with advanced photodamage, which is characterized by the presence of actinic keratoses (AK). Objectives: Evaluate the efficacy of using sunscreen with photolyase compared to regular sunscreen, as well as to compare the combination of a topical formulation of antioxidants versus placebo in the treatment of advanced photodamage. Methods: This was a randomized, double-blind, factorial clinical trial. Participants with AKs on their forearms were randomized to apply regular sunscreen (SC) or sunscreen with photolyase (SC+P) on both forearms during the day. One of the forearms in each group was randomized again to receive topical antioxidants (AOx), and the other forearm received a placebo cream (both for night application). The four groups were SC/AOx, SC/placebo, SC+P/AOx, and SC+P/placebo. The duration of treatment was 8 weeks. Primary outcomes were total AK clearance, decrease in Forearm Photoaging Scale (FPS), and AK severity scores. Secondary outcomes were reduction in AK count, partial clearance rate, and safety. Results: Forty participants (80 forearms) were included. All groups showed significant improvement in outcomes at week eight. There were no significant differences between SC and SC+P for either outcome. AOx led to a significant reduction in AK count (22%; p <0.05). Partial clearance was obtained in 18 (47.4%) forearms treated with AOx and in 9 (23.7%) treated with placebo (p <0.05). All groups reduced the FPS score, without significant differences among them. Conclusions: There is no difference in the treatment of advanced photodamage skin when comparing the use of sunscreen with photolyase and regular sunscreen, and topical antioxidants were more efficient in reducing AK count than placebo. Study limitations: Short interval of follow-up and absence of re-evaluation in the absence of treatment were limitations of the present study. (C) 2021 Sociedade Brasileira de Dermatologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U.
Concentrations of conjugated linoleic acid (<i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11-octadecadienoic acid) are not increased in tissue lipids of cattle fed a hiph-concentrate diet supplemented with soybean oil; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), a mixture of isomers of linoleic acid, has many beneficial effects, including decreased tumor growth in animal cancer models. The cis-9, trans-11 isomer of CLA (CLA9,11) can be formed in the rumen as an intermediate in biohydrogenation of linoleic acid. Recent data, however, indicate that tissue desaturation of transfatty acids is an important source of CLA9,11 in milk. Our objective was to determine whether supplementing a high-corn diet with soybean oil (SBO; a source of linoleic acid) would increase concentrations of CLA in ruminal contents and tissue lipids. Four ruminally cannulated steers were utilized in a Latin square design with 28-d periods. A control diet (80% cracked corn, 2.0% corn steep liquor, 8.0% ground corn cobs, and 10% supplement [soybean meal, ground shelled corn, minerals, and vitamins]) was supplemented with 2.5, 5.0, or 7.5% (DM basis) SBO. Supplemental SBO did not affect ruminal pH or concentrations of the major VFA. The proportion and amount (mg FA/g DM ruminal contents) of CLA9,11 were not increased by increasing dietary SBO. However, the proportion and amount of the trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomer (CLA10,12) in ruminal contents increased linearly (P < 0.006) as dietary SBO increased. Trans-18:1 isomers in ruminal contents increased linearly (P < 0.02) as dietary SBO increased. The proportion of CLA10,12 was correlated positively (P < 0.001) with proportions of trans-C 18: 1 isomers in ruminal contents. Conversely, CLA9,11 was correlated negatively (P < 0.05) with the proportions of trans-18:1 in ruminal contents. The same high-corn diet, supplemented with 0 or 5% SBO, was fed to 20 Angus-Wagyu heifers for 102 d in a randomized complete block design to determine the effect of added SBO on tissue deposition of CLA. Supplemental SBO did not affect feed intake, gain:feed, or carcass quality. Tissue samples were obtained from the hindquarter, loin, forequarter, liver, large and small intestine, and subcutaneous, mesenteric, and perirenal adipose depots. The concentration of CLA9,11 was greatest in subcutaneous adipose tissue but was not affected in any tissue by SBO. Supplementing high-corn diets with SBO does not increase CLA9,11 concentrations in tissues of fattening heifers. Research is needed to identify regulatory factors for pathways of biohydrogenation that lead to increased concentrations of CLA10,12 in ruminal contents when high-oil, high-concentrate diets are fed.
Galectin-1 reduces the severity of dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced ulcerative colitis by suppressing inflammatory and oxidative stress response; Ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory bowel disease that affects a large number of people around the world. Galectin-1 is a beta-galactoside-binding lectin with a broad range of biological activities. The effects of galectin-1 on dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced ulcerative colitis in vivo is not clear. We investigated the effect of galectin-1 on colon morphology, cell proliferation, oxidative stress, antioxidant system, and proinflammatory/antiinflammatory cytokines in a DSS-induced mouse model of ulcerative colitis. Thirty-two C57BL/6 mice were randomly assigned to one of the four groups: control, acute colitis, galectin-1, and DSS+galectin-1. Controls were treated with phosphate-buttered saline (PBS) for seven days. Acute colitis was induced by 3% DSS in drinking water administered orally for five days. Mice in galectin-1 groups were treated with 1 mg/kg recombinant human galectin-1 in PBS for seven consecutive days. Oral DSS administration resulted in acute colitis by causing histopathological changes; an increase in disease activity index (DAI), lipid peroxidation (malondialdehyde MDA]), myeloperoxidase (MPO), and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha levels; a decrease in body weight, colon length, cell proliferation index, catalase, glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activities, and GSH and interleukin (IL)-10 levels. The treatment with galectin-1 attenuated DSSinduced acute colitis by reducing DAI, MDA, MPO, and TNF-alpha levels and by increasing body weight, colon length, cell proliferation, antioxidant enzyme activity, GSH, and IL-10 levels. These findings suggest that galectin-1 has proliferative, antioxidant, antiinflammatory, and cytoprotective effects against DSS-induced ulcerative colitis in mice. Due to its antiinflammatory and antioxidant activity galectin-1 may be effective in preventing and treating ulcerative colitis.
Soy protein isolates of varying isoflavone content exert minor effects on serum reproductive hormones in healthy young men; Inverse associations between soy and prostate cancer and the contribution of hormones to prostate cancer prompted the current study to determine whether soy protein could alter serum hormones in men. Thirty-five men consumed milk protein isolate (MPI), low-isoflavone soy protein isolate (SPI) (low-iso SPI; 1.64 +/- 0.19 mg isoflavones/d), and high-iso SPI (61.7 +/- 7.35 mg isoflavones/d) for 57 d each in a randomized crossover design. Twenty-four-hour urine samples indicated that urinary isoflavones were significantly increased by the high-iso SPI relative to the low-iso SPI and MPI. Serum collected on d 1, 29, and 57 of each treatment revealed that dihydrotestosterone (DHT) and DHT/testosterone were significantly decreased by the low-iso SPI [9.4% (P = 0.036) and 9.0% (P = 0.004), respectively] and the high-iso SPI [15% (P = 0.047) and 14% (P = 0.013), respectively], compared with the MPI at d 57. Other significant effects included a decrease in testosterone by the low-iso SPI relative to the MPI (P = 0.023) and high-iso SPI (P = 0.020) at d 29; an increase in dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate by the low-iso SPI relative to the MPI at d 29 (P = 0.001) and relative to the MPI (P = 0.0003) and high-iso SPI (P = 0.005) at d 57; and increases in estradiol and estrone by the low-iso SPI relative to the MPI at d 57 (P = 0.010 and P = 0.005, respectively). In conclusion, soy protein, regardless of isoflavone content, decreased DHT and DHT/testosterone with minor effects on other hormones, providing evidence for some effects of soy protein on hormones. The relevance of the magnitude of these effects to future prostate cancer risk requires further investigation.
LOSS OF MYOEPITHELIAL CELL CHARACTERISTICS IN METASTASIZING RAT MAMMARY-TUMORS RELATIVE TO THEIR NONMETASTASIZING COUNTERPARTS; A series of WF rat mammary tumors comprising 1 transplantable nonmetastasizing line (MT-W9), 2 predominantly lymphatic (SMT-2A and SMT-077) and 1 lymphatic and hematogenous (MT-450) metastasizing transplantable lines, and 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA)-induced nonmetastasizing primary tumors was examined for the presence of epithelial and myoepithelial cell characteristics with the use of immunocytochemical techniques. Tumor cells staining for myosin were only occasionally observed in a basal orientation in glandular structures in sections of DMBA-induced and MT-W9 tumors; antilaminin serum stained the peripheries of the glandular structures in the DMBA-induced and MT-W9 tumors but failed to stain the SMT-2A and SMT-077 tumor cells. In the nonmetastasizing tumors immunologically detectable keratin occurred mainly in the outer cellular layer of glandlike structures, whereas milk fat globule membrane immunoreactivity occurred primarily in the luminal cells. Both these types of immunoreactivity were observed in MT-450 tumor cells, but the pattern of keratin staining was random. No such immunoreactiivty occurred in SMT-2A or SMT-077 tumors. No tumor cell-associated staining for fibronectin was seen in any of the tumors examined, although host stromal components stained intensely. The nonmetastasizing tumors contained cuboidal epithelial cells with lumen formation, surface microvilli, and intercellular junctional complexes, together with a relatively undifferentiated elongated cell component. Other elongated cells showed hemidesmosomes, pinocytotic vesicles, tonofilaments, and small bundles of cytoplasmic filaments, suggesting gradations toward a myoepithelial phenotype. The MT-450 tumors were ultrstructurally similar to the nonmetastasizing tumors, but no features of myoepithelial cells were seen although some cuboidal epithelial cells exhibited prominent tonofilaments. The SMT-2A and SMT-077 tumors consisted of nests of cuboidal-like cells with highly pleomorphic nuclei and much intercellular collagen. A progressive loss of cellular differentiation characteristics, particularly those of the myoepithelial cell is indicated with increasing malignancy in this system.
EATING BEHAVIOURS OF ITALIAN ADULTS: RESULTS OF THE OSSERVATORIO EPIDEMIOLOGICO CARDIOVASCOLARE/HEALTH EXAMINATION SURVEY; OBJECTIVES: to describe eating behaviours of the Italian adult population collected by the Osservatorio Epidemiologico Cardiovascolare/Health Examination Survey during 2008-2012. DESIGN: cross-sectional survey conducted in all Italian regions; random samples of the general population, stratified by age and sex, in 23 municipalities, 220 persons every 1.5 million people. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: 9,111 persons examined, aged 25-79 years; participation rate of 53%; data of 8,462 persons were used in this analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: lifestyles, risk factors, and high risk conditions were measured. Eating behaviours were assessed by the EPIC questionnaire, which includes principal foods, portions, and eating patterns; principal health eating behaviours and nutrients were described by macroareas; sodium and potassium intake were measured also by 24h urine collection; data were compared to the Mediterranean model described in the Sixties nutritional survey carried out in Nicotera, a municipality of Calabria Region, Southern Italy. RESULTS: the eating behaviours are healthy only in a part of the population: 30% have adequate intake of vegetables and fish; only 10% use cakes/sweets/desserts once a week as recommended. Energy intake from saturated fat and sugars are high. Compared to the Sixties Mediterranean model, consumption of cereals, potatoes, and legumes are reduced by half, while meats, cheeses, milk, and in particular sweets are more than doubled. CONCLUSIONS: taking into account the distribution of risk factors and high risk conditions as overweight/obesity, which affects almost 75% of the adult population, physical inactivity (30-40%), hypertension (50%), hypercholesterolemia (35%), and diabetes (7-11%), community actions for improving diet in the population are urgent. Education of the population is also needed to reduce portions and salt intake, and to use less olive oil and wine given their high caloric values, as recommended by the modern Mediterranean diet.
Association of vitamin D-related information from a telephone interview with 25-hydroxyvitamin D; Vitamin D may be associated with reduced risks of several types of cancer, including colon, prostate, and breast. We examined the relationship between vitamin D-related questions administered in a telephone interview and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D]. Three hundred and eight eligible women were randomly selected from controls in a breast cancer case-control study. Questions pertaining to sun exposure and dietary sources of vitamin D over the previous 4 weeks were asked in both summer and winter. We assessed the association between questionnaire-derived items and 25(OH)D using multiple linear regression. There were 217 participating women, 203 in summer and 213 in winter. Models were adjusted for age, body mass index, and skin color. Number of days when more than 0.5 hour was spent outdoors per week ("7" versus "<7" beta = 11.12; P = 0.01), limb coverage ("no" beta = 24.90 and "Partial" beta = 8.15 versus "yes"; P = 0.0001), and milk intake (glasses/wk; ">10" beta = 18.94, ">5-10" beta = 9.16, and "1-5" beta = 7.90 versus "<1"; P = 0.02) best predicted 25(OH)D in the summer. The best predictors in the winter were sunlamp use ("Yes" beta = 27.97 versus "no"; P = 0.01), milk intake (glasses/wk; ">10" beta = 14.54, ">5-10" beta = 11.54, and "1-5" beta = 2.15 versus "<1"; P = 0.01), and vitamin Dcontaining supplements ("high" beta = 17.30 and "moderate" beta = 13.82 versus "none"; P = 0.0006). The R-2 was 0.29 for the summer model and was 0.21 for the winter model. Overall, there was evidence to suggest that questions designed to assess vitamin D exposure were in fact related to serum 25(OH)D.
Impaired postprandial endothelial function depends on the type of fat consumed by healthy men; Postprandial lipemia impairs endothelial function possibly via an oxidative stress mechanism A stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol (TAG) (shea butter) results in a blunted postprandiai increase in plasma TAG compared with an oleic acid-rich TAG; however, its acute effects or endothelial function and oxidative stress are unknown. A randomized crossover trial (n = 17 men) compared the effects of 50g fat, rich in stearic acid [shea butterblend (SA)] or oleic acid [high oleic sunflower oil 00)], on changes in endothelial function [brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD)], arterial tone [pulse wave analysis (PWA), and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWVc-f)], and oxidative stress (plasma 8-isoprostane F2 alpha) at fasting and 3 h following the test meals. The postprandial increase in plasma TAG was lower (66% lower incremental area under curve) following the SA meal [28.3 (9.7,46.9)) than after the HO meal (83.4 (57.0, 109.8); P < 0.001] (geometric means with 95% Cl, arbitary units). Following the HO meal, there was a decrease in FMD [-3.0% (-4.4, -1.6); P < 0.0011 and an increase in plasma 8-isoprostane F2 alpha (10.4ng/L (3.8, 16.9); P = 0.005] compared with fasting values, but no changes followed the SA meal, The changes in 8-isoprostane F2a and FMD differed between meals and were 14.0 ng/L (6.4, 21.6; P = 0.001) and 1.75% (0.10, 3,39; P = 0.02), respectively. The reductions in PWA and PWV c-f did not differ between meals. This study demonstrates that a stearic acid-rich fat attenuates the postprandial impairment in endothelial function compared with an oleic acid-rich fat and supports the hypothesis that postprandial lipemia impairs endothelial function via an increase in oxidative stress.
The Effects of Selenium Source on Measures of Selenium Status of Mares and Selenium Status and Immune Function of Their Foals; The effect of organic and inorganic sources of selenium (Se) on measures of Se status of mares and their foals, Se concentrations of colostrum and milk, and indices of immune function of foals was studied. Twenty late-gestation Standardbred mares were randomly assigned to one of two groups. All mares received an identical balanced ration, except for the source of supplementary Se: one group received organic Se (Se yeast) and the other group received inorganic Se (sodium selenite), fed to deliver 0.3 mg/kg supplementary Se based on total ration dry matter. Mares received the experimental diet from 2 months before estimated due date until 1 month after foaling. Source of Se did not affect Se concentrations in maternal plasma, red blood cells, colostrum, or milk. At 1 month of age, foals from mares fed organic Se had higher red blood cell Se concentration than foals from mares fed inorganic Se (P < .05). Measures of immunity included serum immunoglobulin G concentration, lymphocyte proliferation in response to concanavalin A, and relative cytokine gene expression of stimulated lymphocytes (interferon gamma [IFN gamma], interleukin [IL]-2, IL-5, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor alpha [TNF alpha]) and neutrophils (IL-1, IL-6, IL-8, IL-12, TNF alpha). Relative gene expression of IL-2, TNF alpha, and IFN gamma by foal lymphocytes was associated with the source of Se supplementation provided to the mares. We conclude that the source of dietary Se provided to mares may influence the immune function of foals at 1 month of age through changes in relative gene expression of certain lymphocyte cytokines. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The immunomodulatory effect of lactulose on <i>Enterococcus</i> <i>faecium</i> fed preruminant calves; Prebiotics and probiotics could represent an effective alternative to the use of synthetic antibiotics in nutrition. The mechanisms by which prebiotics affect the immune system have not yet been investigated in detail. Most effects have been attributed to increases in the innate and acquired immune responses. This study was conducted to elucidate the long-term effects of orally administered lactulose on the immune response in the intestinal tract of probiotic-fed calves. Preruminant calves were randomized to 3 feeding groups: milk replacer containing 1) no lactulose, 2) 1% lactulose, or 3) 3% lactulose. All 3 milk replacers contained 10(9) cfu Enterococcus faecium/kg. Messenger RNA expression of different cell activation markers, pro-and antiinflammatory cytokines, and IgA Fc receptor was investigated in the ileum, mesenterial lymph node, spleen, and white blood cells. A significantly greater number of blood lymphocytes were detected in the 3% lactulose group (P = 0.02) than in the control group. The expression results in male calves indicated that the transcription of IgA Fc receptor in the ileal mucosa of the 1% lactulose treatment group increased significantly (P = 0.04) and also tended to increase in the 3% lactulose group (P = 0.07). Furthermore, decreases in IL-10 and interferon-gamma mRNA expression were observed in the ileum (P = 0.04). The CD4-presenting lymphocytes were decreased significantly in the ileum (P = 0.04) and mesenteric lymph node (P = 0.01), whereas CD8-presenting lymphocytes were increased in the blood (P = 0.03) of females. Other proinflammatory cytokines (IL-1 beta, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor-a) and antiinflammatory cytokines (transforming growth factor-alpha) did not show significant differences in mRNA expression among treatment groups. The results indicate that additional lactulose feeding had an immunomodulatory effect on the composition of T-cell subsets in different immune compartments and had minor effects on pro-and antiinflammatory cytokine mRNA expression.
PRESERVATION OF INTESTINAL INTEGRITY DURING RADIOTHERAPY USING LIVE LACTOBACILLUS-ACIDOPHILUS CULTURES; Twenty-four female patients suffering from gynaecological malignancies and scheduled for internal and external irradiation of the pelvic area (pelvic dose 5000 cGy) were selected for a study on prevention of intestinal side-effects by live Lactobacillus acidophilus cultures. The patients were randomised into two groups. Both groups received dietary counselling recommending a low-fat and low-residue diet during radiotherapy. The control group received dietary counselling only. The test group  received 150 ml of a fermented milk test product supplying them with at least 2 .times. 109 live Lactobacillus acidophilus bacteria daily and 6.5% lactulose as substrate for the bacteria. The results indicated that the test product appeared to prevent radiotherapy-associated diarrhoea. Howeve, flatulence was increased probably due to lactulose ingestion in the test group.
EFFECTS OF LACIDIPINE AND NIFEDIPINE ON LOWER-LIMB VEINS IN NONPHLEBOPATHIC PATIENTS; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of lacidipine and nifedipine on lower limb veins, Forty hypertensive patients, aged 30-50 years, with no deep venous thrombosis, venous insufficiency, or hypothyroidism underwent double-blind treatment with placebo (1 week), lacidipine 4 mg once dairy (1 week), and slow-release nifedipine 20 mg twice daily (1 week) in randomized sequence. Echo-color Doppler examination of superficial, deep, communicating, and perforating veins of the legs was performed. The results showed venous insufficiency and hypertension after 1-week administration of lacidipine (5 and 15%, respectively) and nifedipine (10 and 25%, respectively) and only two cases (5%) of venous hypertension during placebo administration. Lower limb edema was observed in two patients (5%) during treatment with nifedipine slow-release: (SR). The hemodynamic effects of lacidipine and nifedipine were reversible but may contribute to the mechanism of lower limb edema.
Foods, nutrients and prostate cancer; Objective: To examine the risk of prostate cancer associated with foods and nutrients, including individual fatty acids and carotenoids. Methods: Population-based case-control study of 858 men aged <70 years at diagnosis with histologically confirmed prostate cancer of Gleason Grade 5 or greater, and 905 age-frequency-matched men, selected at random from the electoral rolls. Dietary intakes were assessed with a 121-item food frequency questionnaire. Results: Inverse associations with prostate cancer were observed for (Odds ratio, OR, 95% confidence intervals, 95% CI for tertile III compared with tertile I) allium vegetables 0.7, 0.5-0.9; p trend 0.01, tomato-based foods 0.8, 0.6-1.0; p trend 0.03 and total vegetables 0.7, 0.5-1.0; p trend 0.04. Margarine intake was positively associated with prostate cancer 1.3, 1.0-1.7; p trend 0.04. The only statistically significant associations observed with nutrients were weak inverse associations for palmitoleic acid (p trend 0.04), fatty acid 17: 1 (p trend 0.04), and 20: 5 n-6 (p trend 0.05); and a non-significant trend for oleic acid (p trend 0.09). Neither total, nor beverage-specific, intake of alcohol was associated with risk. Conclusions: Based on these findings, diets rich in olive oil (a source of oleic acid), tomatoes and allium vegetables might reduce the risk of prostate cancer.
Calcium intake and breast cancer risk: meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Findings from observational studies have suggested a possible relation between Ca and breast cancer risk. However, the results of these studies are inconclusive, and the dose-response relationship between Ca intake and risk of breast cancer remains to be determined. A meta-analysis of prospective studies was conducted to address these issues. PubMed and Embase databases were searched for relevant studies concerning the association between Ca intake and breast cancer up to March 2016. The summary relative risks (RR) with 95 % CI were calculated with a random-effects model. The final analysis included eleven prospective cohort studies involving 26 606 cases and 872 895 participants. The overall RR of breast cancer for high v. low intake of Ca was 092 (95 % CI 085, 099), with moderate heterogeneity (P=0026, I-2=442 %). In the subgroup analysis, the inverse association appeared stronger for premenopausal breast cancer (RR 075; 95 % CI 059, 096) than for postmenopausal breast cancer (RR 094; 95 % CI 087, 101). Dose-response analysis revealed that each 300 mg/d increase in Ca intake was associated with 2 % (RR 098; 95 % CI 096, 099), 8 % (RR 092; 95 % CI 087, 098) and 2 % (RR 098; 95 % CI 097, 099) reduction in the risk of total, premenopausal and postmenopausal breast cancer, respectively. Our findings suggest an inverse dose-response association between Ca intake and risk of breast cancer.
Ethnic, racial, and gender variations in health among farm operators in the United States; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to collect baseline prevalence data on the health problems faced by minority, white, and female farm operators. METHODS: An occupational health survey of farm operators was conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, National Agricultural Statistics Service between February and August 2000. A stratified random sample of farm operators from 50 U.S. states based on the 1997 Census of Agriculture was selected for telephone interview. Interviews were primarily conducted using a computer assisted telephone instrument system. RESULTS: Population prevalences were calculated for 7137 farm operators. Prevalences were greatest for musculoskeletal discomfort, followed by respiratory problems, hearing loss, and hypertension. Generally, Latino and Asian American operators had lower prevalences for health problems than white non-Latino and white operators, respectively. African-American operators had greater prevalences for hypertension, and osteoarthritis, but lower prevalences for hearing loss, skin problems, heart problems, and cancer than white operators. American Indian or Alaska Native operators had higher prevalences for musculoskeletal problems, skin problems, and hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Prevalences for the different ethnicity and race groups are not the same. Studies that combine racial and ethnic groups, or study only white and non-Latino farm operators may overestimate or underestimate the prevalence of health conditions in the entire farm operator population.
Red and processed meat intake and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies; Epidemiological studies regarding the association between red and processed meat intake and the risk of breast cancer have yielded inconsistent results. Therefore, we conducted an updated and comprehensive meta-analysis which included 14 prospective studies to evaluate the association of red and processed meat intake with breast cancer risk. Relevant prospective cohort studies were identified by searching PubMed through October 31, 2014, and by reviewing the reference lists of retrieved articles. Study-specific relative risk (RR) estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Fourteen prospective studies on red meat (involving 31,552 cases) and 12 prospective studies on processed meat were included in the meta-analysis. The summary RRs (95 % CI) of breast cancer for the highest versus the lowest categories were 1.10 (1.02, 1.19) for red meat, and 1.08 (1.01, 1.15) for processed meat. The estimated summary RRs (95 % CI) were 1.11 (1.05, 1.16) for an increase of 120 g/day of red meat, and 1.09 (1.03, 1.16) for an increase of 50 g/day of processed meat. Our findings indicate that increased intake of red and processed meat is associated with an increased risk of breast cancer. Further research with well-designed cohort or interventional studies is needed to confirm the association.
Evaluation of the sugars content and mineral profile at different stages of growth of the fruit of soursop; The fruit of Annona muricata L. (soursop) is commercially important, as it is considered an industrial raw material for the production of juices, ice creams, nectars, jams, sweets and preserves. The objective of the work was to determine the content of sugars and mineral profile in different stages of the fruit of A. muricata (soursop). The research was carried out at CESID Fruticola y Apicola CORPOZULIA, Mara municipality, Zulia state, Venezuela. The experimental design was of random blocks, following the methodology of repeated measurements over time (RMT) in order to study the longitudinal behavior of the five stages of the fruit, during three harvests. Ten plants were selected from which five fruits.stage(-1).plant(-1) were harvested. SAS (R) software version 9.1.3 was used to process the data. Sugars and mineral composition were determined by the HPLC technique and atomic absorption, respectively. The results showed the presence of fructose and glucose in the mesoendocarp of the fruit. In greater proportion, fructose was observed, evidencing a progressive increase (stage 5: 42.03 mg.100 g(-1) of mesoendocarp). Potassium (K), sodium (Na), iron (Fe), manganese (Mn), copper (Cu), zinc (Zn), calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg), were the determined minerals, which presented the maximum amounts in the exocarp of the fruit. These chemical variables are important to evaluate the nutritional and therapeutic potential of this fruit, for the national and international market due to its disease control properties, especially diabetes and cancer.
Salivary gland cancer: An exploratory analysis of dietary factors; This study was an exploratory analysis of dietary and other risk factors for primary salivary gland cancer in a population-based case-control study in Ontario, Canada. Cases were men and women diagnosed between 1995 and 1996 with a first primary cancer of the salivary gland, identified through the Ontario Cancer Registry. Controls were an age-matched random sample of the population of Ontario, identified through property assessment files. Cases (n = 91) and controls (n = 1897) completed a self-administered questionnaire with information on diet, smoking, height and weight, and other lifestyle and socio-demographic factors. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Among dietary variables, high relative to low intakes of alcohol (OR: 1.26; 95% CI: 0.68-2.35), fruits (OR: 1.26; 95% CI: 0.68-2.33), sweets (OR: 1.66; 95% CI: 0.85-3.25), dairy (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 0.77-2.58), and starchy foods (OR: 1.78; 95% CI: 0.96-3.3) were associated with non-statistically significant increased risk of salivary gland cancer; whereas vegetables and meats were linked with non-statistically significant decreased risks of the disease. Among non-diet factors, male sex, obese BMI, exposure to occupational radiation, family history of cancer, and household income were suggestive of increased disease risk. Future work with larger numbers of cases are needed to further explore these associations.
The solid fat content of stearic acid-rich fats determines their postprandial effects; Background: The process of randomization is used commercially to harden fats as an alternative to partial hydrogenation, but its effects on cardiovascular disease risk factors are uncertain. Objective: The objective was to compare the chronic and acute effects of randomization of a fat rich in 1,3-distearyl, 2-oleyl glycerol on fasting and postprandial lipids, glucose, insulin, and activated clotting factor VII (FVIIa) concentrations. Design: A crossover design study in 16 men compared fasting and postprandial lipid, glucose, insulin, and FVIIa concentrations at baseline and after a 3-wk diet providing 30 g unrandomized or randomized shea butter and sunflower oil blends (SSOBs), both of which contained approximate to 50% stearic acid. Fecal fat excretion was measured during each dietary period. Postprandial changes were assessed after the consumption of meals providing 50 g test fat. A subsequent study compared postprandial changes after the consumption of an oleic acid-rich sunflower oil meal and an unrandomized SSOB meal. Results: Both SSOBs were well digested and absorbed. Randomization did not affect fasting or postprandial lipid, glucose, insulin, or FVIIa concentrations. Compared with the oleic acid-rich meal, the unrandomized SSOB resulted in 53% lower postprandial lipemia, 23% higher hepatic lipase activity, and a 25% lower postprandial increase in FVIIa concentration. The solid fat contents at 37 degrees C were 22%, 41%, and 0% with the unrandomized SSOB, randomized SSOB, and oleic acid-rich meals, respectively. Conclusions: Stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol in both unrandomized and randomized forms does not adversely affect lipid risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The high proportion of solid fat at 37 degrees C may explain the decreased postprandial lipemic response.
Guidelines of care for the management of actinic keratosis; Background: Actinic keratoses (AK) are rough scaly patches that arise on chronically ultraviolet-exposed skin and can progress to keratinocyte carcinoma. Objective: This analysis examined the literature related to the management of AK to provide evidence based recommendations for treatment. Grading, histologic classification, natural history, risk of progression, and dermatologic surveillance of AKs are also discussed. Methods: A multidisciplinary Work Group conducted a systematic review to address 5 clinical questions on the management of AKs and applied the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation approach for assessing the certainty of the evidence and formulating and grading clinical recommendations. Graded recommendations were voted on to achieve consensus. Results: Analysis of the evidence resulted in 18 recommendations. Limitations: This analysis is based on the best available evidence at the time it was conducted. The pragmatic decision to limit the literature review to English language randomized trials may have excluded data published in other languages or limited identification of relevant long-term follow-up data. Conclusions: Strong recommendations are made for using ultraviolet protection, topical imiquimod, topical 5-fluorouracil, and cryosurgery. Conditional recommendations are made for the use of photodynamic therapy and diclofenac for the treatment of AK, both individually and as part of combination therapy regimens. ( J Am Acad Dermatol 2021;85:e209-33.)
A randomized double-masked crossover study comparing latanoprost 0.005% with unoprostone 0.12% in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension; PURPOSE: To compare the intraocular pressure)-lowering effect and side effects of latanoprost 0.005% once daily with unoprostone 0.12% twice daily. METHODS: Sixty patients with primary open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension were randomized to receive either latanoprost once daily in the evening and placebo once daily in the morning, or unoprostone twice dairy in the morning and evening. The study was double masked and followed a crossover design with two treatment periods of 1 month separated by a 3-week washout period. The intraocular pressure was measured at g AM and 5 PM on the baseline and day 28 visits, and at 9 AM on day 2 and day 14 visits of each treatment period. The 9 AM measurement was taken 2 hours and 13 hours after the last drop of unoprostone and latanoprost, and the 5 PM measurement was at 10 and 21 hours, respectively, The mean of the measurements was calculated. Safety parameters were also recorded. RESULTS: Fifty-six patients completed both treatment periods and had intraocular pressure data available for evaluation. After I month of treatment, latanoprost significantly reduced intraocular pressure (mean +/- SEM) by 6.1 +/- 0.5 mm Hg (P < .001) and unoprostone by 4.2 +/- 0.4 mm Hg (P < .001) adjusted from an overall baseline of 22.3 +/- 0.5 mm Hg and 23.2 +/- 0.4 mm Hg, respectively, The difference of 1.9 mm Hg between treatments was statistically significant in favor of latanoprost [P =.003, analysis of covariance (ANCOVA)]. Unadjusted analysis of responders using the percentage decrease in intraocular pressure showed that the proportion of responders in the latanoprost-treated group was greater than in the unoprostone-treated group. Adverse ocular symptoms and findings were mild in both treatment groups. Eye redness and ocular irritation were the most frequently reported events. CONCLUSIONS: Latanoprost once daily was significantly more effective in reducing intraocular pressure compared with unoprostone twice daily after I month of treatment in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension. Both drugs were well tolerated with few ocular adverse events. (C) 2001 by Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.).
Plasma phospholipid fatty acids, dietary fatty acids and prostate cancer risk; Animal and experimental studies have demonstrated that long-chain n-3 fatty acids inhibit the development of prostate cancer, whereas n-6 fatty acids might promote it. We performed a case-cohort analysis within the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study using a random sample of 1,717 men and 464 prostate cancer cases to investigate associations between fatty acids assessed in plasma phospholipids (PPLs) or diet (estimated using a 121-item food frequency questionnaire) and prostate cancer risk. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated using Cox regression. Prostate cancer risk was positively associated with %PPL saturated fatty acids (SFAs); HR [95% CI] = 1.51 [1.06, 2.16] (Q5 vs. Q1, fifth vs. first quintile); p-trend = 0.003. HRs (Q5 to Q2 vs. Q1) were significantly elevated for %PPL palmitic acid. %PPL oleic acid was inversely associated with risk, HR = 0.62 [0.43, 0.91] (Q5 vs. Q1); p-trend = 0.04. No statistically significant linear trends were observed for dietary intakes. The HRs were elevated for moderate intakes of linoleic acid (Q2 and Q3 vs. Q1, 1.58 [1.10, 2.28] and 1.70 [1.18, 2.46], respectively), but the increase was not significant for higher intakes (Q4 and Q5). No association varied significantly by tumour aggressiveness (all p-homogeneity > 0.1). Prostate cancer risk was positively associated with %PPL SFA, largely attributable to palmitic acid and inversely associated with %PPL monounsaturated fatty acids, largely attributable to oleic acid. Higher risks were also observed for dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fats, primarily linoleic acid. What's new? Animal and experimental studies have demonstrated that long'chain n'3 fatty acids inhibit the development of prostate cancer, whereas n'6 fatty acids might promote it. Whether similar associations exist for humans, however, has been unclear. This analysis of data from the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study suggests that dietary intake of the n'6 linoleic acid and percentage of saturated fatty acid in plasma phospholipids are positively associated with prostate cancer risk. In addition, a higher percentage of n'9 oleic acid in plasma phospholipids was found to possibly reduce prostate cancer risk.
Intensified photodynamic therapy of actinic keratoses with fractional CO<sub>2</sub> laser: a randomized clinical trial; Background Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with methyl aminolaevulinate (MAL) is effective for thin actinic keratoses (AKs) in field-cancerized skin. Ablative fractional laser resurfacing (AFXL) creates vertical channels that facilitate MAL uptake and may improve PDT efficacy. Objectives To evaluate efficacy and safety of AFXL-assisted PDT (AFXL-PDT) compared with conventional PDT in field-directed treatment of AK. Methods Fifteen patients with a total of 212 AKs (severity grade I-III) in field-cancerized skin of the face and scalp were randomized to one treatment with PDT and one treatment with AFXL-PDT in two symmetrical areas. Following curettage of both treatment areas, AFXL was applied to one area using 10 mJ per pulse, 0 12 mm spot, 5% density, single pulse (UltraPulse (R), DeepFx handpiece; Lumenis Inc., Santa Clara, CA, U. S. A.). MAL cream was then applied under occlusion for 3 h and illuminated with red light-emitting diode light at 37 J cm(-2). Fluorescence photography quantified protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) before and after illumination. Results At 3-month follow-up, AFXL-PDT was significantly more effective than PDT for all AK grades. Complete lesion response of grade II-III AK was 88% after AFXL-PDT compared with 59% after PDT (P = 0.02). In grade I AK, 100% of lesions cleared after AFXL-PDT compared with 80% after PDT (P = 0.04). AFXL-PDT treated skin responded with significantly fewer new AK lesions (AFXL-PDT n = 3, PDT n = 11; P = 0.04) and more improved photoageing (moderate vs. minor improvement, P = 0.007) than PDT-treated skin. Pain scores during illumination (6.5 vs. 5.4; P = 0.02), erythema and crusting were more intense, and long-term pigmentary changes more frequent from AFXL-PDT than PDT (P = not significant). PpIX fluorescence was higher in AFXL-pretreated skin [7528 vs. 12 816 arbitrary units (AU); P = 0.003] and photobleached to equal intensities after illumination (AFXL-PDT 595 AU, PDT 454 AU; P = 0.59). Conclusions AFXL-PDT is more effective than conventional PDT for treatment of AK in field-cancerized skin.
INTEGRATION OF TYPE-B RETROVIRAL DNA IN VIRUS-INDUCED PRIMARY MURINE THYMIC LYMPHOMAS; In previous studies the isolation and characterization of a highly leukemogenic virus, DMBA-LV, isolated from a transplanted, chemical carcinogen-induced thymic lymphoma was described. The virus is composed of a mixture of 2 unrelated retroviral genomes, 1 highly related to type B milk-borne mammary tumor virus isolates and the other partially related to type C viral genomes. Primary thymic lymphomas induced by DMBA-LV in CFW/D, NIH Swiss, C3H/Bi/Ka and C57BL/Ka mice were assessed for the presence of newly integrated type B retroviral DNA. All 46 primary thymic lymphomas examined contained 1-4 newly acquired murine mammary tumor virus proviruses. Based on the sizes of provirus-cell DNA junction fragments, the integration of newly acquired murine mammary tumor virus proviruses did not appear to be random.
Dietary fiber intake and reduced risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis; BackgroundEpidemiological studies regarding the association between dietary fiber intake and ovarian cancer risk are still inconsistent. We aimed to review the available evidence and conduct a dose-response meta-analysis to investigate the relationship between dietary fiber intake and ovarian cancer risk.MethodsRelevant studies were identified by searching PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library databases before August 2017. Studies that reported relative risk (RR) estimates with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the association between dietary fiber intake and risk of ovarian cancer were included. Random-effects models were used to combine the estimated effects extracted from individual study.ResultsThirteen studies, with a total of 5777 ovarian cancer cases and 142,189 participants, met the inclusion criteria. The pooled multivariable RRs of ovarian cancer for the highest vs. the lowest category of dietary fiber intake was 0.78 (95% CI: 0.70, 0.88) with no evidence of heterogeneity (I-2=4.20%, P=0.40). Our dose-response analysis also showed a significant inverse association between dietary fiber intake and ovarian cancer risk (an increment of 10g/day; combined RR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.82, 0.93). There was no evidence for a nonlinear association (P for nonlinearity=0.83).ConclusionsThis meta-analysis suggests a significant inverse dose-response association between dietary fiber intake and ovarian cancer risk. Further studies with prospective design that take account of more potential confounders are warranted to confirm this association.
Dietary intake and development of a quantitative food-frequency questionnaire for the Barbados National Cancer Study; objective: To develop a quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (QFFQ) for the Barbados National Cancer Study (BNCS) that will permit examination of associations of diet with breast and prostate cancer. Design: Population intake data from the year 2000 Barbados Food Consumption and Anthropometric Surveys (BFCAS 2000) were used to derive a list of foods consumed by the population. A 192-item draft QFFQ was developed from this list. Setting: Barbados, West Indies provides an ideal environment to understand cancer risk in African-origin populations, with high relevance to African-Americans. The BNCS is a population-based case-control study examining risk factors for breast and prostate cancer in such populations. Subjects: A total of 1600 persons, 18 years and older, completed a 24-hour recall in the BFCAS 2000. Fifty of 63 randomly selected residents (79% response rate) gave additional updated information on foods consumed. Results: The 50 participants provided a one-time 24-hour recall and completed the draft QFFQ. The final instrument contains 148 items: breads, cakes, cereals = 17; rice, pastas, noodles = 8; dairy = 10; meat, fish, poultry = 42; fruit = 16; vegetables = 26; soft drinks = 14; alcoholic beverages = 5; others = 10. Additional questions include supplement use and food preparation methods such as grilling. Conclusion: The final instrument is concise, complete and the most up-to-date for assessing the food and nutrient intake of African-origin Barbadians and the associations with breast and prostate cancer.
ATTEMPT TO DETECT A MAMMARY TUMOR-AGENT IN STRAIN-C MICE BY X-RADIATION; Hybrid mice derived from low-mammary-tumor-strain females and high-mammary-tumor-strain males show a low incidence of mammary tumors because they do not obtain the mammary tumor agent in their mother''s milk. An exception to this rule was noted in hybrids obtained from strain C females and strain C3H males, for such hybrids, if permitted to bear 3 or more litters, show an incidence of at least 50% mammary tumors at an avg. age of 20 mos. or more. On the assumption that strain C females harbored a weak or masked tumor agent, they were exposed to whole-body X-ray radiation to enhance the activity of the agent. To determine whether irradiation had affected the agent, the strain C females were bred to strain C3H males and their offspring observed for the occurrence of mammary tumors. X-irradiation did not reveal the presence of the agent in strain C females. The results confirmed the occurrence of tumors in older agent-free hybrids born to C females and C3H males, as well as the occurrence of tumors in a few young hybrids that contained the agent. There was a random distr. of hybrids containing the agent and available evidence indicated that they had acquired their father''s agent in utero. Furthermore, there was evidence that, on occasion, the infected embryos had infected their strain C mothers. Thus, the mammary tumor agent from C3H male mice may be transmitted to C x C3H offspring and to the strain C females to which they are bred. Histological studies of the tumors arising in older hybrids showed that they fell into 4 groups. 3 groups were adeno-carcinomas. In the 1st group, the acinar structure predominated. The 2d group showed little acinar formation but possessed a variable pattern of solid groups of epithelial cells, single layers of cuboidal cells lining cystic spaces or growing as papillary projections into cysts, and cords of cells separated by a heavy stroma. The 3d group contained many small cysts and epithelial proliferation in the interstitial tissue. The 4th group of tumors were adenoacanthomas showing large areas of squamous-cell elements.
Effects of acute administration of natural progesterone on peripheral vascular responsiveness in healthy postmenopausal women; Peripheral vascular responses to acute administration of natural progesterone were studied in 12 postmenopausal women (mean +/- SD age 50.3 +/- 4.8 years) with no evidence of cardiovascular disease. According to a randomized, double-blind protocol, all subjects were given natural progesterone as a vaginal cream, able to produce a rapid peak and decoy of plasma hormone concentrations, or matched placebo, with crossover after a I-week washout period. Forearm blood flow and peak flaw after ischemic stress (ml/100 ml/min), local vascular resistance (mm Hg/ml/100 ml/min), venous volume (m1/100 mi), and venous compliance (m1/100 ml/mm Hg) were measured by strain-gauge venous occlusion plethysmography at baseline and after progesterone or placebo administration. Plasma norepinephrine concentrations were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection. Progesterone sharply decreased forearm blood flow (p < 0.01) through an increase in local vascular resistance (p < 0.01). Measures of venous function remained unchanged. Although the hormone increased circulating norepinephrine concentrations (p < 0.05), there were no significant changes in mean arterial pressure or heart rate. Furthermore, progesterone reduced the local vasodilator capacity, shown by a decrease in forearm Delta flow (difference between peak flow and basal flow, p < 0.05). Compared with the well-known effect of estrogen, progesterone exerted an opposite action on peripheral vascular responsiveness. Peripheral circulatory changes may be attributed to a direct activity of progesterone on the arterial wall and may in part reflect a modulation of the hormone on peripheral sympathetic tone. Consideration must be given to the hypothesis that the addition of may attenuate the beneficial effects of unopposed estrogen replacement therapy in postmenopausal women. (C) 1999 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
HIGH PROTEIN-DIET COMPLEMENTS RESIN THERAPY OF FAMILIAL HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIA; The intermediate-term effects on plasma lipoprotein lipids of substituting meat and dairy protein for carbohydrate in the diets of five subjects (three women, two men) with familial hypercholesterolemia receiving cholestyramine (mean dose, 18 g/d) were studied. Subjects were randomly allocated to either the high or low protein diets (mean 27 versus 10% of energy as protein, 25% as fat, and 48 versus 65% as carbohydrate) for 4 to 5 weeks and then switched to the other diet for another 4 to 5 weeks. Mean fasting plasma HDL cholesterol rose significantly by 17 +/- 3% (1.11 +/- 0.12 vs 0.95 +/- 0.11 mmol/L, p < 0.005, n = 5), whereas total triglycerides fell by 23 +/- 2% (1.7 +/- 0.3 vs 2.2 +/- 0.3 mmol/L, p < 0.005, n = 5), VLDL triglycerides fell by 28 +/- 5% (0.88 +/- 0.15 vs 1.18 +/- 0.19 mmol/L, p < 0.02, n = 5), VLDL cholesterol fell by 32 +/- 7% (0.39 +/- 0.08 vs 0.56 +/- 0.09 mmol/L, p < 0.01, n = 5), the ratio of LDL cholesterol : HDL cholesterol by 19 +/- 5% (4.7 +/- 0.7 vs 5.7 +/- 0.7, p < 0.05) and that of total cholesterol HDL cholesterol by 16 +/- 5% (6.6 +/- 0.5 vs.8.0 +/- 0.7, p < 0.05) on the high versus low protein diet. Increasing dietary protein intake at the expense of carbohydrate may be useful in treating hypoalphalipoproteinemia and/or hypertriglyceridemia in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Associations between intake of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus and risk of pancreatic cancer: a population-based, case-control study in Minnesota; Experimental studies suggest that abnormal levels of Ca, Mg and phosphorus are implicated in pancreatic carcinogenesis. We investigated the associations between intakes of these minerals and the risk of pancreatic cancer in a case-control study conducted in 1994-1998. Cases of pancreatic cancer (n 150) were recruited from all hospitals in the metropolitan area of the Twin Cities and Mayo Clinic, Minnesota. Controls (n 459) were randomly selected from the general population and frequency matched to cases by age, sex and race. All dietary variables were adjusted for energy intake using the residual method prior to data analysis. Logistic regression was performed to evaluate the associations between intake of three nutrients examined and the risk of pancreatic cancer. Total intake of Ca (936 v. 1026 mg/d) and dietary intake of Mg (315 v. 331 mg/d) and phosphorus (1350 v. 1402 mg/d) were significantly lower in cases than in controls. After adjustment for confounders, there were not significant associations of total and dietary intakes of Ca, Mg and phosphorus with the risk of pancreatic cancer. In addition, no significant interactions exist between intakes of these minerals and total fat on pancreatic cancer risk. In conclusion, the present study does not suggest that intakes of Ca, Mg and phosphorus were significantly associated with the risk of pancreatic cancer.
Bucher's indirect comparison of daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream versus diclofenac plus hyaluronic acid gel for the treatment of multiple actinic keratosis; Background: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a pre-cancerous condition characterised by patches of thick, scaly skin developing on sun-exposed areas of the body. When multiple AKs develop on severely photodamaged skin, commonly used treatments include photodynamic therapy and diclofenac plus hyaluronic acid gel (DHA). Methyl aminolevulinate daylight photodynamic therapy (MAL DL-PDT) is an alternative to conventional photodynamic therapy (MAL c-PDT). Trials have indicated that MAL DL-PDT is as effective as MAL c-PDT but reduces treatment-related pain and dermatological side effects. Objectives: To indirectly compare between MAL DL-PDT and DHA in patients with AK. Materials and methods: A total of three randomised trials were collected using a systematic literature review. An adjusted indirect comparison was conducted on complete lesion response rate at 12 weeks. Results: The data indicated that mild lesions, moderate lesions, and mild and moderate lesions treated with MAL DL-PDT were more than four times more likely to undergo a complete response than lesions treated with DHA at 12 weeks, with ORs ranging from 4.23 to 4.81. Results were all statistically significant. Conclusion: This is the first indirect comparison demonstrating the effectiveness of MAL-PDT over DHA for the treatment of AK, and further research is needed to assess the long-term efficacy of these interventions (i.e. six months and beyond), as well as safety and patient-reported outcomes.
Comparison of cyclosporine and topical betamethasone-17,21-dipropionate in the treatment of severe chronic hand eczema; Topical corticosteroids are the standard treatment for hand eczema, However, in chronic forms of the disease they are often ineffective or lose their efficacy due to tachyphylaxis, In a previous open study cyclosporine showed efficacy in chronic hand eczema. The aim of this study was to compare oral cyclosporine at 3 mg/kg/day with topical 0.05% betamethasone-17,21-dipropionate (BDP) cream in the treatment of chronic hand eczema, In a randomized, double-blind study 41 patients with chronic hand eczema resistant to conventional treatment mere assigned to either cyclosporine or BDP for 6 weeks, Both cyclosporine and BDP improved the eczema, The total disease activity score decreased to 57% of baseline in the cyclosporine group (mean change -6, SD 4.3; p<0.001) and to 58% of baseline in the BDP group (mean change -5.7, SD 4; p<0.001) at the end of treatment, However, between the groups there was no significant difference, Adverse events occurred in 68% of the patients during cyclosporine and in 56% during BDP treatment. With cyclosporine no case of hypertension or increase in serum creatinine above normal levels was recorded, In two patients the serum creatinine levels increased to values 30% above their own baseline values, Relapses occurred to the same extent in both groups, Cyclosporine at 3 mg/kg/day is as effective as topical BDP in the treatment of chronic hand eczema, Low-dose cyclosporine could be useful as an alternative treatment for severe chronic hand eczema in patients unresponsive to conventional treatment.
Knowledge, Attitude, and Practice of Adult to the Protective Actions against Sun in Northwest Tehran, Iran; Background: Wrong beliefs about risky actions such as sunbathing and tanning are common due to media advertisements or general lack of knowledge. This work has focused on the knowledge and attitude of a group of citizens in Tehran, Iran and the protective actions they take regarding undesirable effects of the sun. Methods: A descriptive-analytic cross-sectional study has been conducted on 400 randomly selected individuals from the citizens of Shahrak-E-Gharb, an area in northwest Tehran. A questionnaire comprising 24 questions including demographic information, individuals' knowledge about sun exposure, and their opinions and behaviors on protective actions towards solar radiation were used to assess study objectives. Crude and adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for socio-demographic factors were calculated through univariate and multivariable logistic regression. Results: The majority of participants had good knowledge about sun protective behaviors. Knowledge about sun exposure duration and tanning was higher among women and those with higher education. As for attitude, only 15% were concerned about skin cancer and 61.8% thought skin cancer can be prevented by sun protection. Higher education was associated with a more positive attitude towards tanning. Among respondents, 41% had suitable clothing to protect themselves against sun burn and only 32% used sunscreen most of the time. University graduates had significantly better practice towards using sunscreen cream compared to high school graduates. Conclusion: Although our study sample possessed good knowledge towards sun protection, their attitude and practices were unsatisfactory. Thereby, they need to be informed and educated as how to be safely protected against excessive sun exposure.
Effects of differential supplementation of fatty acids during the peripartum and breeding periods of Holstein cows: II. Neutrophil fatty acids and function, and acute phase proteins; The objectives were to evaluate the effects of differential supplementation of Ca salts (CS) of fatty acids (FA) on plasma acute phase proteins and both FA composition and function (i.e., activity and cytokine production) of neutrophils, during the peripartum and breeding periods. Holstein cows were assigned randomly to receive either CS of palm (PO) or safflower (SO) oils from 30 d prepartum until 35 d postpartum (dpp) and CS of PO or fish oil (FO) from 35 to 160 dpp. Supplementation of CS of FA was at 1.5% of dietary dry matter. Cows (n = 32) were sampled three times weekly from parturition to 35 dpp for analyses of plasma concentrations of haptoglobin and fibrinogen. Cows (n = 47) were sampled for neutrophil phagocytic and oxidative burst activities toward Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus, and neutrophil abundances of L-selectin and beta(2)-integrin assessed by flow cytometry at 32 d prepartum, within 7 h after parturition, and 4 and 7 dpp. Profiles of FA in neutrophils and cytokine production (i.e., tumor necrosis factor alpha, TNF-alpha, and IL-1 beta) were assessed prepartum (n = 14), 35 (PO vs. SO; n = 26) and 85 dpp (PO vs. FO; n = 28). Plasma concentrations of haptoglobin and fibrinogen were greater for cows fed SO compared with PO. The percentage of neutrophils with phagocytic and oxidative burst activities was not affected by transition diets, but activities per neutrophil were greater in SO compared with PO diets at 4 (phagocytosis and oxidative burst) and 7 dpp (oxidative burst). Neutrophil abundance of L-selectin, but not beta(2)-integrin, was greater in SO compared with PO at 4 and 7 dpp. Neutrophil productions of TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta were increased at 35 dpp in SO compared with PO diets, but production of TNF-alpha was attenuated in FO compared with PO at 85 dpp. Neutrophil ratios of n-6:n-3 FA were greater at 35 dpp in the SO diet and less at 85 dpp in FO compared with PO diets. In conclusion, cows supplemented with CS of SO had improved innate immunity (i.e., acute phase response and neutrophil function) to better cope with the bacterial challenges in the postpartum period. Conversely, CS of FO attenuated neutrophil cytokine production.
Therapeutic Effect of External Application of Ligustrazine Combined with Holistic Nursing on Pressure Sores; Background: This study aimed to explore the therapeutic effect of external application of ligustrazine combined with holistic nursing on pressure sores, as well as the underlying mechanism. Material/Methods: From February 2014 to March 2015, a total of 32 patients with Phase II and Phase III pressure sores were enrolled and randomly assigned to an experimental group or a control group. The clinical data were comparable between the 2 groups. In addition to holistic nursing, the patients in the experimental group received 4 weeks of continuous external application of ligustrazine, whereas patients in the control group received compound clotrimazole cream. Therapeutic effect and healing time were recorded. HaCaT cells were used as an in vitro model for mechanism analysis of the effect of ligustrazine in treating pressure sores. After culturing with different concentrations of ligustrazine or the inhibitor of AKT (LY294002) for 72 h, cell viability, clone formation numbers, and levels of phosphatidyl inositol 3-kinase (PI3K), p-AKT, and p-mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) were determined. Results: Compared to the control group, the total effective rate in the experimental group was significantly higher, and the healing time was significantly reduced. Cell viability and clone formation numbers were significantly upregulated by ligustrazine in a dose-dependent manner. Both the cell viability and clone formation numbers were significantly inhibited by application of LY294002. Conclusions: Our results suggest that ligustrazine combined with holistic nursing is an effective treatment of pressure sores. The protective effect may be associated with the promotion of cell growth by activation of the PI3K/AKT pathway.
Microarray analysis of aberrant gene expression in actinic keratosis: effect of the Toll-like receptor-7 agonist imiquimod; The molecular events leading to actinic keratosis (AK) are not well understood. To identify and compare gene expression changes in AK lesions and in sun-exposed nonlesional skin and to determine the effect of imiquimod 5% cream on these changes. A double-blind, vehicle-controlled, randomized study was conducted to evaluate the molecular changes in AK treated with imiquimod. Seventeen male subjects with >= 5 AK lesions on the scalp applied vehicle or imiquimod three times a week for 4 weeks. Gene expression analysis using Affymetrix(R) oligonucleotide arrays was performed on shave biopsies of lesions taken before and after treatment. Confocal microscopy was performed on the study area as an adjunctive diagnostic procedure. We identified gene expression changes which occur in sun-exposed, nonlesional skin as well as in AK lesions. These changes include, but are not limited to, the overexpression of oncogenic and proliferative genes and diminished expression of tumour suppressor genes. The gene expression changes observed in AK lesions and in sun-exposed, nonlesional skin were consistent with the confocal microscopy observations, which showed abnormalities in the sun-exposed, nonlesional skin, similar in nature but less pronounced than abnormalities seen in AK. Imiquimod partially or totally reversed the aberrant expression of some of the genes observed in AK, consistent with clearing of lesions and normalization of confocal cellular images. The data show that profound gene expression changes occur in sun-exposed, nonlesional skin which progress further in AK lesions. The data also suggest that imiquimod may play a role in normalizing gene expression and cellular morphology in sun-damaged skin.
A thermochromic tissue-mimicking phantom model for verification of ablation plans in thermal ablation; Background: Our study aims to develop a novel tissue-mimicking thermochromic with tumor model for visualization of thermal ablation and verification of ablation plans Methods: Polyacrylamide gel was mixed with thermochromic ink to produce a phantom model. A phantom model embedded in a tumor model was constructed and used to evaluate the ablation procedure. The phantom models were randomly divided into complete ablation group and incomplete ablation group. The ablation planning of the tumor was on the 3D US and performed on a phantom model. We guide the ablation procedures according to the ablation planning. The results measured in a gross specimen of the phantom model were compared with the expected results in ablation planning. Results: The color of the model changes from cream white to magenta after heating. The mono-site ablation area is a spheroid after thermal ablation with a size of 3.0x1.8 cm at 60 W, 5 minutes, 3.5x2.5 cm at 60 W, 10 minutes, and 4.0x3.5 cm at 60 W, 15 minutes, respectively. According to the ablation planning, a total of 4 ablation points were needed to retrieve the complete ablation of a 3.0 cm tumor. The complete ablation and incomplete ablation were proved by a gross specimen of the phantom model as we expected Conclusions: A novel thermochromic tissue-mimicking phantom model with a spherical tumor model has been designed and developed. The ablation area can be visualized on this phantom model by the permanent color change. This phantom model can assess the ablation planning system's accuracy and train operators for ultrasound-guided thermal ablation.
Postprandial cytokine concentrations and meal composition in obese and lean women; The aim of this study was to compare the acute effect of (i) meals rich in saturated fat, oleic acid, and a-linolenic acid and (ii) meals rich in starch and fiber on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in obese and lean women. In a crossover study, 15 abdominally obese women (age, 54 +/- 9 years; BMI, 37.3 +/- 5.5 kg/m(2)) and 14 lean women (age, 53 +/- 10 years; BMI, 22.9 +/- 1.9 kg/m(2)) consumed meals rich in cream (CR), olive oil (OL), canola oil (CAN), potato (POT), and All-Bran (BRAN) in random order. Blood samples were collected before and up to 6h after the meals and plasma interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-8, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), lipid peroxides (LPOs), free-fatty acids (FFAs), insulin, glucose, and cortisol were measured. Plasma IL-6 decreased significantly 1 h after the meals then increased significantly above baseline at 4 h and 6 h in obese women and at 6 h in lean women. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for IL-6 was significantly (P = 0.02) higher in obese compared with lean women and was significantly lower following the high fiber BRAN meal compared with a POT meal (P = 0.003). Waist circumference (R = 0.491, P = 0.007) and cortisol AUC (R = -0.415, P = 0.03) were significant determinants of the magnitude of 6h changes in plasma IL-6 after the meals. These findings suggest that the postprandial response of plasma IL-6 concentrations may be influenced by the type of carbohydrate in the meal, central adiposity, and circulating cortisol concentrations in women.
Hydrogen sulfide accelerates wound healing in diabetic rats; Aim: The aim of this study was to explore the role of hydrogen sulfide on wound healing in diabetic rats. Methods: Experimental diabetes in rats was induced by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (STZ) (in 0.1 mol/L citrate buffer, Ph 4.5) at dose of 70 mg/kg. Diabetic and age-matched non-diabetic rats were randomly assigned to three groups: untreated diabetic controls (UDC), treated diabetic administrations (TDA), and non-diabetic controls (NDC). Wound Healing Model was prepared by making a round incision (2.0 cm in diameter) in full thickness. Rats from TDA receive 2% sodium bisulfide ointment on wound, and animals from UDC and NDC receive control cream. After treatment of 21 days with sodium bisulfide, blood samples were collected for determination of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), antioxidant effects. Granulation tissues from the wound were processed for histological examination and analysis of western blot. Results: The study indicated a significant increase in levels of VEGF and ICAM-1 and a decline in activity of coagulation in diabetic rats treated with sodium bisulfide. Sodium bisulfide treatment raised the activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) protein expression, and decreased tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) protein expression in diabetic rats. Conclusions: The findings in present study suggested that hydrogen sulfide accelerates the wound healing in rats with diabetes. The beneficial effect of H2S may be associated with formation of granulation, anti-inflammation, antioxidant, and the increased level of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF).
The effect of soy consumption on the urinary 2:16-hydroxyestrone ratio in postmenopausal women depends on equol production status but is not influenced by probiotic consumption.; Some epidemiologic studies reported an association between a low ratio of urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (2-hydroxyestradiol + 2-hydroxyestrone) to 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (2:16OHE(1)) and increased breast cancer risk. Some studies show that soy consumption increases this ratio, and it is suggested that this effect may reduce breast cancer risk. We hypothesized that consumption of probiotic bacteria would alter fecal bacteria and enzymes involved in soy isoflavone metabolism, thereby increasing isoflavone bioavailability and enhancing the beneficial effects of soy on estrogen metabolism. Breast cancer survivors (n = 20) and controls (n = 20) were given 4 treatments for 6 wk each, separated by 2-wk washout periods, in a randomized, crossover design: soy protein (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d containing 44.4 +/- 7.5 mg isoflavones/d); soy protein + probiotics (109 colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS(R)+1 & Bifidobacterium longum, 15-30 mg fructooligosaccharide/d); milk protein (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d); and milk protein + probiotics. Survivors tended to have a lower baseline urine 2:16OHE(1) ratio than controls (P = 0.10). In the group as a whole, soy consumption tended to increase urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (P = 0.07) and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (P = 0.11) but had no effect on the urinary 2:16OHE(1) ratio. When subjects were divided into groups by plasma concentrations and urinary levels of the daidzein metabolite equol, soy increased urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (P = 0.01) and the 2:16OHE(1) ratio (P = 0.04) only in subjects with high plasma equol concentrations. None of these results were influenced by probiotic consumption. These results are consistent with studies that found lower urine 2:16OHE(1), ratios in women with breast cancer and suggest that soy consumption increases this ratio only in women who are equol producers.
Nicotinamide reduces photodynamic therapy-induced immunosuppression in humans; Background The immune suppressive effects of topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) are potential contributors to treatment failure after PDT for nonmelanoma skin cancer. Nicotinamide (vitamin B-3) prevents immune suppression by ultraviolet radiation, but its effects on PDT-induced immunosuppression are unknown. Objectives To determine the effects of topical and oral nicotinamide on PDT-induced immunosuppression in humans. Methods Twenty healthy Mantoux-positive volunteers received 5% nicotinamide lotion or vehicle to either side of the back daily for 3 days. Another group of 30 volunteers received 500 mg oral nicotinamide or placebo twice daily for 1 week in a randomized, double-blinded, crossover design. In each study, methylaminolaevulinate cream was applied to discrete areas on the back, followed by narrowband red light irradiation (37 J cm(-2)) delivered at high (75 mW cm(-2)) or low (15 mW cm(-2)) irradiance rates. Adjacent, nonirradiated sites served as controls. Delayed-type hypersensitivity (Mantoux) reactions were assessed at treatment and control sites to determine immunosuppression. Results High irradiance rate PDT with vehicle or with placebo caused significant immunosuppression (equivalent to 48% and 50% immunosuppression, respectively; both P < 0.0001); topical and oral nicotinamide reduced this immunosuppression by 59% and 66%, respectively (both P < 0.0001). Low irradiance rate PDT was not significantly immunosuppressive in the topical nicotinamide study (15% immunosuppression, not significant), but caused 22% immunosuppression in the oral study (placebo arm; P = 0.006); nicotinamide reduced this immunosuppression by 69% (P = 0.045). Conclusions While the clinical relevance of these findings is currently unknown, nicotinamide may provide an inexpensive means of preventing PDT-induced immune suppression and enhancing PDT cure rates.
Nutrition and diabetes risk; Prospective observational and interventional studies have been instrumental in identifying relationships between diet and diabetes. On the one hand, ahypercaloric diet contributes to weight gain, which is amajor risk factor for type2 diabetes. Results of randomized weight loss intervention trials, such as the Diabetes Prevention Program, show that lifestyle modification can significantly reduce the risk for people with prediabetes. In addition to the quantity of food, quality, i.e. composition, plays an independent and additional role. In cohort studies, relationships have been observed for both single nutrients (magnesium, cereal fiber, hemoglobin-bound iron) and individual foods (including whole grains, dairy, red and processed meat, nuts, coffee, tea and sweetened beverages). In addition, both cohort studies and the PREDIMED (PREDIMED: Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea) intervention study support arisk reduction by choosing aMediterranean diet. Although there are indications of modifications of such relationships due to different genetic predispositions, so far such gene-diet interactions could not be replicated in most cases. As aresult, there is still insufficient evidence to specify dietary recommendations based on adifferent genetic predisposition.
Comparative study of imiquimod 3.75% vs. photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis of the scalp; Background/purpose To assess efficacy, tolerability, adverse effects, recurrence, and aesthetic results of imiquimod 3.75% vs. photodynamic therapy with 5-aminolaevulinic acid (MAL-PDT) for actinic keratosis (AK). Methods A small randomized, intraindividual right-left pilot study for AK treatment of multiple scalp lesions was performed. Patients were treated with imiquimod and subsequently MAL-PDT (on opposite sides of the scalp) 14 days apart. Study end points were evaluated with clinical and dermoscopic examinations at 1, 3, 6, and 12 months. Results Nine male bald patients were enrolled. Imiquimod achieved a slightly higher overall clearance rate than MAP-PDT (68.1% vs 56.5%). According to AK degree of severity, clearance rates were greater for degree I and III with imiquimod (68.8%, 64.5% and 75% with imiquimod vs. 48%, 69.8%, and 66.7% for MAL-PDT, respectively). At 12 months, a slightly higher total recurrence rate was noted for imiquimod compared with MAL-PDT (9.9% vs. 8.6%); new lesions were 2 degree I for imiquimod and 4 degree I for MAL-PDT. For both treatments, pain was moderate/strong (even if MAL-PDT seems to be less tolerable) adverse effects are common and transient; aesthetic results excellent. Conclusion Both imiquimod and MAL-PDT were effective in the reduction in the number of AK. In the long-term, both present a good effectiveness maintained over time with excellent aesthetic results. A combination or sequential therapy could optimize the management of the cancerization field.
Long-Term Effects of High-Protein Diets on Renal Function; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has a prevalence of approximately 13% and is most frequently caused by diabetes and hypertension. In population studies, CKD etiology is often uncertain. Some experimental and observational human studies have suggested that high-protein intake may increase CKD progression and even cause CKD in healthy people. The protein source may be important. Daily red meat consumption over years may increase CKD risk, whereas white meat and dairy proteins appear to have no such effect, and fruit and vegetable proteins may be renal protective. Few randomized trials exist with an observation time greater than 6 months, and most of these were conducted in patients with preexisting diseases that dispose to CKD. Results conflict and do not allow any conclusion about kidney-damaging effects of long-term, high-protein intake. Until additional data become available, present knowledge seems to substantiate a concern. Screening forCKD should be considered before and during long-term, high-protein intake.
Meta-analysis of soy food and risk of prostate cancer in men; There has been considerable interest in recent years in the role of soy in cancer etiology. The purpose of this meta-analysis was to evaluate epidemiologic studies available to date that related soy consumption to the risk of prostate cancer in men. We conducted a thorough Medline search for English-language publications, supplemented with hand-searching of articles' bibliographies and nonindexed medical and professional journals, on epidemiologic studies of soy and prostate cancer. We identified 2 cohort and 6 case-control studies that met the following criteria for meta-analysis: a study must have assessed soy as a food and provided a risk estimate (relative risk or odds ratio) and its 95% confidence interval. Data from the same study population appearing in different journals were only used once with the most recent publication chosen for the analysis. Studies on fermented soy food were not included. We conducted the meta-analysis using a random-effects model. An analysis of these studies yielded an overall risk estimate of 0.70 (95% CI = 0.59-0.83; p < 0.001). No publication bias was detected. In summary, results of the analysis showed that consumption of soy food was associated with a lower risk of prostate cancer in men. (c) 2005 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
LACTATION AND BREAST-CANCER - EVIDENCE FOR A NEGATIVE ASSOCIATION IN PREMENOPAUSAL WOMEN; A case-control study of breast cancer is presented and based on an analysis of data collected by interview between the years 1957-1965 from women residing in the communities of Buffalo and Kenmore, New York [USA]. Prior reproductive factors, including a detailed lactation history, were examined for 453 white females with breast cancer and 1365 white females without breast cancer who were selected randomly from the population of Buffalo and Kenmore. There is evidence of a negative association between length of nursing and breast cancer risk in premenopausal women which is not seen in the postmenopausal women. This apparent protective effect of lactation persists after statistical control for the potential confounding factors of age, parity, age at 1st pregnancy, age at menarche, and education. Cases are more likely than controls to have reported unsuccessful lactations due to insufficient milk. The findings of this study, in conjunction with a review of previously published studies that have examined prior lactation as related to breast cancer risk, suggest that there may be an independent negative association between nursing and subsequent breast cancer risk in premenopausal women. Whether this means that breast feeding is protective or that some women who are unsuccessful at lactation are at increased risk for subsequent breast cancer is not clear. A detailed re-analysis of existing data and more careful attention to detailed prior breast function/dysfunction in future studies are recommended.
An assessment, and reproducibility of food frequency data provided by hospital controls; In order to assess the comparability and reproducibility of information from a questionnaire used in a case-control study on digestive tract cancers conducted in Italy, a total of 400 subjects were randomly selected from a large sample of hospital controls and contacted at home to repeat the interview. Of these, 294 (73%) subjects were re-interviewed. Mean values of intake were computed for the 400 subjects selected, and among the 294 responders for the first and second interview. These values were comparable, most of them being within a 10% range. Spearman correlation coefficient (r(s)) values of consumption between the first and second interview were > 0.65 for consumption of pastries, pasta or rice, bread, fish, milk, green vegetables, eggs and apples; between 0.50 and 0.65 for meat, chicken, liver, ham, cold cuts, cheese, fruit, cabbage, carrots, tomatoes, peppers, salad, citrus fruit and melon; and lower than 0.50 for a few infrequently eaten foods. For all foods, the estimated average weekly intake in the second interview increased consistently and substantially with increasing tertile of the first interview. This study shows a satisfactory comparability of dietary information from subjects interviewed at home with that provided during their original interview in the hospital, and a good reproducibility of information collected in the two settings.
Total fat consumption and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies; Fat consumption has been hypothesized to influence pancreatic cancer risk, but the results of epidemiologic studies have been controversial. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control and cohort studies to investigate this issue. Relevant published studies were identified by searching MEDLINE (PubMed) through February 2014. Two authors (Q.-W.S. and Q.-Y.Y.) independently assessed eligibility and the extracted data. Study-specific relative risks (RRs) were pooled using a random-effects model. We also carried out heterogeneity and publication bias analyses. Six cohort and 13 case-control studies with 6159 pancreatic cancer cases and 1 068 476 noncases were included in this meta-analysis. The summary RR for pancreatic cancer for the highest versus lowest intake was 1.04 [95% confidence interval (CI)=0.90-1.20, I-2=57.3%, P for heterogeneity=0.001] for total fat. In addition, when separately analyzed by study design, case-control (RR=1.03, 95% CI=0.83-1.27, I-2=55.8%, P for heterogeneity=0.007) and cohort studies (RR=1.05, 95% CI=0.85-1.29, I-2=66.7%, P for heterogeneity=0.010) yielded similar results. Furthermore, no statistically significant associations were observed in the subgroup analyses on the basis of fat source, geographic location, whether using energy-adjusted models, and whether adjusted for several potential confounders and important risk factors. There was no evidence of publication bias or significant heterogeneity between subgroups on meta-regression analyses. The results of this meta-analysis do not support an independent association between diets high in total fat and pancreatic cancer risk.
Non-pharmacological intervention for breathlessness in lung cancer; Objective - To evaluate the effect of non-pharmacological intervention for breathlessness in lung cancer on breathlessness ratings and patient functioning. Design - Randomised controlled pilot study. Setting - A nurse led clinic in a specialist cancer centre. Subjects - 20 patients with advanced small cell and non-small cell lung cancer. Intervention - Weekly sessions with a nurse research practitioner over 3-6 weeks using counselling, breathing re-training, relaxation and teaching coping and adaptation strategies. Main outcome measures - Visual analogue scale ratings of breathlessness, distress caused by breathlessness functional capacity, ability to perform activities of dairy living and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. Results - Improvements in median scores on all measures were observed in the intervention group with the exception of depression, compared with the control group where median scores were static or worsened. Distress from breathlessness was improved by a median of 53%, breathlessness at worst by 35% and functional capacity by 21%. in contrast, distress in the control group worsened by a median of 10%. Significant improvements compared with the control group were observed in breathlessness at best (p < 0.02), breathlessness at worst (p < 0.05), distress caused by breathlessness (p < 0.01), functional capacity (p < 0.02) and ability to perform activities of daily living (p < 0.03) but were not observed for anxiety or depression. Conclusion - Lung cancer patients suffering from breathlessness benefited from this rehabilitative approach to breathlessness management and strategies employed in this pilot study warrant further multicentre research. Macmillan nurses and palliative care teams are recommended to explore the potential of adopting similar approaches.
PRAdA Intervention: Effects on Weight of Dietary Intervention among Treated Hypertensive Portuguese Natives and African Immigrants; Introduction: Blood pressure is significantly improved with weight loss. Behavioral interventions for weight loss seem to be less successful in African immigrants. Our main aims were to assess the effect of a dietary and lifestyle intervention on weight among hypertensive Portuguese natives and immigrants and to identify success factors for weight loss, and also to evaluate changes in knowledge and compliance with food recommendations. Material and Methods: Hypertensive medicated patients followed in primary care setting were randomly enrolled in a two phase study, observational (15-months) and behavioral intervention (six months). Participants were divided in two groups: immigrants from African Countries of Portuguese Official Language and Portuguese natives. Participants were given dietary and life styles recommendations in individual face-to-face and telephone sessions. Results: Of 110 participants with a mean BMI of 31.6 +/- 3.7 Kg/m(2), 60 were immigrants. The number of dietary recommendations known and followed at the end was significantly greater than at baseline; however natives performed a greater number of recommendations. Weight loss during intervention was in average 1.4 +/- 2.7% in natives and 0.8 +/- 3.6% in immigrants and was greater than in the observational period. Being male and consuming more than 2 servings of low-fat dairy products/day was associated with higher weight loss, independently of age and ethnicity. Discussion: In general the proposed intervention was efficacious especially in Portuguese natives, confirming other studies. Conclusion: The intervention increased knowledge and adherence to recommendations, highlighting the relevance of nutrition education, culturally adapted in primary care.
Men with prostate cancer make positive dietary changes following diagnosis and treatment; Few studies have measured dietary changes made among men diagnosed with prostate cancer (PC) without formal dietary interventions, yet they may offer insight into the needs of PC survivors. This study examined dietary changes in men before and after treatment for PC within the prostate testing for cancer and treatment randomized trial. This was a prospective cohort study in community-based men aged 50-69 tested for PC in nine UK areas. 3,935 men completed food frequency questionnaires before diagnosis and 678 with localized PC repeated the questionnaire 1 year later (response 82.7 %). Men subsequently diagnosed with or without PC all consumed similar diets before diagnosis. Diagnosis of PC led to dietary changes, with 234 (34.7 %) men eating more fresh tomatoes (p < 0.0001) and 156 (23.5 %) more tomato products (p = 0.01). 271 (40.0 %) men consumed more protein (p < 0.0001) and 193 (28.6 %) more fruit/vegetable juice (p < 0.0001). Fewer macronutrients were obtained from dairy products (p < 0.01). Men undergoing active monitoring increased their fruit/vegetable juice intake after diagnosis (p = 0.0023) more than men who had surgery or radiotherapy. Around one-third of men spontaneously adopted a healthier diet and also consumed more 'prostate-healthy' foods following a diagnosis of PC. Dietary choices also differed by radical or monitoring treatments, indicating that men undergoing active surveillance may be more likely to pursue dietary changes as an adjunct therapy. PC survivors can adopt healthier diets, thus providing clinicians with opportunities to support PC survivorship by providing targeted advice beneficial to general and potentially prostate-specific health.
Vitamin and multiple-vitamin supplement intake and incidence of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies; This paper systematically evaluated the association of intake of different vitamins and multiple-vitamin supplements and the incidence of colorectal cancer. Relevant studies were identified in MEDLINE via PubMed (published up to April 2014). We extracted data from articles on vitamins A, C, D, E, B9 (folate), B2, B3, B6, and B12 and multiple-vitamin supplements. We used multivariable-adjusted relative risks (RRs) and a random-effects model for analysis and random effects. With heterogeneity, we looked for the source of heterogeneity or performed sensitivity and stratified analyses. We found 47 articles meeting the inclusion criteria. The multivariable-adjusted RR for pooled studies for the association between the highest versus lowest vitamin B9 (folate) intake and colorectal cancer was 0.88 [95 % confidence interval (95 % CI) 0.81-0.95]. Vitamin D was 0.87 (95 % CI 0.77-0.99); vitamin B6, 0.88 (95 % CI 0.79-0.99); vitamin B2, 0.86 (95 % CI, 0.76-0.97); vitamin A, 0.87 (95 % CI, 0.75-1.03); vitamin C, 0.92 (95 % CI, 0.80-1.06); vitamin E, 0.94 (95 % CI, 0.82-1.07); vitamin B12, 1.10 (95 % CI, 0.92-1.32); vitamin B3, 1.18 (95 % CI, 0.76-1.84). Vitamin B9 (folate), D, B6, and B2 intake was inversely associated with risk of colorectal cancer, but further study is needed. Our study featured unacceptable heterogeneity for studies of multiple-vitamin supplements, so findings were inconclusive.
Diet during adolescence and risk of breast cancer among young women; Background: A variety of breast cancer risk factors pertain to a woman's adolescence and may be related to nutritional influences, We assessed risk of early-onset breast cancer related to diet during adolescence in a case-control study, Methods: Study participants were accrued from the following three geographical regions covered by cancer registries: Atlanta, GA; Seattle/Puget Sound, WA; and central New Jersey, Case patients (n = 1647) were newly diagnosed with breast cancer, and control subjects (n = 1501) were identified by random-digit-dialing techniques. In an interview, each subject was asked to recall the frequency of consumption and portion size of 29 key food items at ages 12-13 years, Mothers of a subset of respondents completed questionnaires, and food groups were recalculated after removal of foods with poor agreement between mother and daughter, Logistic regression analyses were used to calculate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals, Results: When high versus low quartiles of consumption were compared, there was a suggestion of a reduced risk associated with high consumption of fruits and vegetables, although this finding was not statistically significant, Slight increases (of borderline statistical significance) in risk of breast cancer were found for intake of chicken or high-fat meat, Intake of animal fat, high-fat foods, high-fat snacks and desserts, or dairy products during adolescence had no apparent influence on breast cancer risk, Removal of foods suspected to be poorly recalled by the daughters did not change any of the risk estimates, Conclusion: These data do not provide evidence for a strong influence of dietary intakes during adolescence on risk of early-onset breast cancer.
Saturated, Monounsaturated and Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Intake and Risk of Pancreatic Cancer: Evidence from Observational Studies; Background Although the relationship between dietary monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and saturated fatty acids (SFAs) intake and pancreatic cancer risk has been reported by several studies, the evidence is controversial. We firstly conducted this comprehensive meta-analysis to summarize the aforementioned evidence from observational studies. Methods The MEDLINE (PubMed), Embase, and ISI Web of Science databases were used to search for epidemiological studies of dietary SFA, MUFA, and PUFA and pancreatic cancer risk that were published until the end of June 2014. Random-or fixed-effects models were used to estimate the relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We also carried out subgroup, sensitivity, and publication bias analyses. Results We identified 13 case-control studies and 7 prospective studies which including 6270 pancreatic cancer cases in the meta-analysis of SFA, MUFA, and PUFA and risk of pancreatic cancer. The summary RR was 1.13 (95% CI = 0.94-1.35, I-2 = 70.7%) for SFA, 1.00 (95% CI = 0.87-1.14, I-2 = 43.4%) for MUFA, and 0.87 (95% CI = 0.75-1.00, I-2 = 55.3%) for PUFA for high versus low intake categories. We found no evidence of publication bias. Conclusion In summary, findings of this study supports an inverse association between diets high in PUFA and pancreatic cancer risk. Further large prospective studies are warranted to report the results stratified by the subtypes of MUFA and PUFA and adjust for other potential risk factors to eliminate residual confounding.
Vitamin D intake as well as circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D level and risk for the incidence and recurrence of colorectal cancer precursors: A meta-analysis; ObjectiveVitamin D consumption and circulating 25(OH)D level are associated with decreased risk of colorectal cancer (CRC) and colorectal adenoma (CRA), but few studies have assessed their relationship with the incidence and recurrence of CRC precursors. Therefore, we performed this meta-analysis to further evaluate the association. MethodsWe searched PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus and Embase databases in English until August 2021. Studies evaluating the association of vitamin D intake and circulating 25(OH)D level with risk of CRC precursors were included. A random-effects model was used to pool the risk estimates. ResultsA total of 48 studies were selected for inclusion. The CRC precursors incidence was negatively correlated with total vitamin D intake (RR = 0.84 95%CI: 0.80-0.88) and circulating 25(OH)D level (RR = 0.79 95%CI: 0.67-0.92). However, vitamin D intake and circulating 25(OH)D level did not show significant effects on the risk of CRC precursors recurrence. For dose-response analysis, evidence of a linear association was found between CRC precursors incidence and circulating 25(OH)D level, and the risk decreased by 14% per 10 ng/ml increment of circulating 25(OH)D level (RR = 0.86 95% CI: 0.75-0.99). ConclusionVitamin D intake and circulating 25(OH)D level can play an effective role in reducing the risk of incidence of CRC precursors. However, they have not prevented the recurrence of CRC precursors.
Vitamin D and calcium intakes and breast cancer risk in pre- and postmenopausal women; Background: Some evidence suggests that vitamin D may reduce breast cancer risk. Despite the biological interaction between vitamin D and calcium, few studies have evaluated their joint effects on breast cancer risk. Objective: The objective was to evaluate the associations and potential interaction between vitamin D and calcium (from food and supplements) and breast cancer risk in a population-based case-control study. Design: Breast cancer cases aged 25-74 y (diagnosed 2002-2003) were identified through the Ontario Cancer Registry. Controls were identified by using random digit dialing; 3101 cases and 3471 controls completed epidemiologic and food-frequency questionnaires. Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs were estimated by using multivariate logistic regression. Results: Vitamin D and calcium intakes from food only and total combined intakes (food and supplements) were not associated with breast cancer risk, although the mean intake of vitamin D was low. Vitamin D supplement intake >10 mu g/d (400 IU/d) compared with no intake was associated with a reduced risk of breast cancer (adjusted OR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.59, 0.98). No categories of calcium supplement intake were significantly associated with reduced breast cancer risk, but a significant inverse trend was observed (P = 0.04). There were no significant interactions involving vitamin D, calcium, or menopausal status. Conclusions: No associations were found between overall vitamin D or calcium intake and breast cancer risk. Vitamin D from supplements was independently associated with reduced breast cancer risk. Further research is needed to investigate the effects of higher closes of vitamin D and calcium supplements. Am J Clin Nutr 2010;91:1699-707.
Effects of tryptophan, serotonin, and kynurenine on ischemic heart diseases and its risk factors: a Mendelian Randomization study; Background/objectives Tryptophan is an essential amino acid that must be obtained from dietary items, such as dairy products, eggs, nuts, legumes, and grains, which are rich in tryptophan. It has also been suggested as a dietary supplement to improve mental health. Observationally plasma tryptophan is inversely associated with ischemic heart disease (IHD), however, its main metabolites, serotonin, and kynurenine are positively associated with IHD, which makes the effects of tryptophan difficult to infer. This study aimed to obtain less-confounded estimates of the associations of tryptophan and physiologically related factors (serotonin and kynurenine) with IHD, its risk factors and depression. Subjects/methods We used a two-sample Mendelian Randomization study design. We used genetic instruments independently associated with tryptophan, serotonin, and kynurenine metabolites applied to a meta-analysis of the UK Biobank SOFT CAD study with the CARDIoGRAMplusC4D consortium (cases n <= 76,014 and controls n <= 264,785), and other consortia for risk factors including diabetes, lipids, and blood pressure, as well as for depression. We combined genetic variant-specific estimates using inverse variance weighting, with MR-Egger, the weighted median and MR-PRESSO as sensitivity analyses. Results Tryptophan and serotonin were not associated with IHD. Kynurenine was nominally and positively associated with IHD (odds ratio 1.57 per standard deviation, 95% confidence interval 1.05-2.33) but not after correction for multiple comparisons. Associations with IHD risk factors and depression were null. Conclusions We cannot exclude the possibility that one of the main metabolites of tryptophan, kynurenine, might be positively associated with IHD. Further studies are needed to confirm any association and underlying mechanism.
The Jacki Jacket after mastectomy with reconstruction: a randomized pilot study; Background Breast cancer patients undergoing mastectomy with reconstruction (TM + R) often experience post-operative discomfort from surgical drains. Despite a variety of garment options for use in the post-operative period, high-quality data assessing the impact of specific garments on post-operative pain are lacking. We report the results of a prospective randomized trial assessing the impact of the Jacki Jacket (JJ), a long-sleeve jacket with inner drain receptacle pockets, on post-discharge pain and quality of life (QOL) after TM + R. Methods Breast cancer patients undergoing TM + R at a single institution were randomized post-operatively to receive a JJ or usual care (UC). Participant-reported demographics, pain intensity, and QOL were collected on post-operative day 1 (T1). Following discharge, participants completed a daily pain and medication dairy (T2); on day of drain(s) removal (T3), participants again completed pain and QOL questionnaires. Linear models were used to evaluate associations between JJ use, post-operative pain, and QOL. Results From 3/8/17 to 12/20/17, 139 women were randomized. All participants completed T1 measures, 102 returned the T2 diary, and 118 (84.9%) completed T3 questionnaires. There was no significant difference in pain scores between JJ and UC arms at any timepoint. Adjusting for surgery type, age, marital status, depression, and obesity, participants randomized to JJ reported significantly better body image scores (estimate = 12.94, p = 0.009). There were no adverse events. Conclusions Although JJ garment use did not impact post-operative pain intensity scores, the significant impact of JJ use on body image supports consideration for inclusion of such garments in post-operative care for patients undergoing TM + R.
Serum calcium and risk of gastrointestinal cancer in the Swedish AMORIS study; Background: Observational studies have indicated that high calcium intake may prevent colorectal cancer, but as for randomized trials the results are inconclusive. Meanwhile, limited data on the link between serum calcium and cancer risk is available. We investigated the relation between serum calcium and risk of different gastrointestinal cancers in a prospective study. Methods: A cohort based on 492,044 subjects with baseline information on calcium (mmol/L) and albumin (g/L) was selected from the Swedish Apolipoprotein MOrtality RISk (AMORIS) study. Multivariable Cox proportional hazard models were used to analyse associations between standardised levels, quartiles and age/sex-specific categories of serum calcium and risk of oesophageal, stomach, colon, rectal cancer and also colorectal cancer combined, while taking into account serum albumin and other comorbidities. Results: During 12 years of follow-up, we identified 323 incident oesophageal cancers, 782 stomach cancers, 2519 colon cancers, and 1495 rectal cancers. A positive association was found between albumin-adjusted serum calcium and risk of oesophageal [HR: 4.82 (95% CI: 2.07 - 11.19) for high compared to normal age-specific calcium levels] and colon cancer [e.g. HR: 1.07 (95% CI: 1.00 - 1.14) for every SD increase of calcium] as well as colorectal cancer [e.g. HR: 1.06 (95% CI: 1.02-1.11) for every SD increase of calcium] in women. In men there were similar but weaker non-statistically significant trends. Conclusion: The positive relation between serum calcium, oesophageal cancer and colorectal cancer calls for further studies including calcium regulators to evaluate whether there is a true link between calcium metabolism and development of gastrointestinal cancer.
DECLINE IN ISCHEMIC-HEART-DISEASE IN ICELAND AND CHANGE IN RISK FACTOR LEVELS; Objective - To monitor trends in mortality and morbidity due to ischaemic heart disease and compare these with observed levels of risk factors from population surveys. Design - Analysis of trends in death rates from ischaemic heart disease in Iceland compared with expected rates computed from population surveys. Risk factor levels together with beta-factors obtained from Cox's regression analysis were used to compute expected death rates. Trends in morbidity due to acute myocardial infarction were assessed and secular trends in dietary consumption compared with trends in cholesterol concentrations. Setting - Reykjavik, Iceland (total population 250 000; over half the population live in Reykjavik). Subjects - 12 814 randomly selected residents in the Reykjavik area aged 45-64 (6623 men, 6191 women; 72% and 80% of those invited). Main outcome measures - Age adjusted rates of myocardial infarction and deaths from ischaemic heart disease. Expected risk from risk factor levels (smoking, total serum cholesterol concentration, systolic blood pressure) at each unique survey visit. Results - Mortality from ischaemic heart disease has decreased by 17-18% since 1970. During 1981-6 the myocardial infarction attack rate in men under 75 decreased by 23%. A decrease occurred in the level of all three major risk factors after 1968. The fall in the serum cholesterol concentration coincided with a reduction in consumption of dairy fat and margarine . The calculated reduction in risk for the age group 45-64 was about 35%, which was closely similar to the observed decrease in mortality due to ischaemic heart disease in that age group. Conclusion - The reduction in mortality from ischaemic heart disease was substantially due to a decreased incidence of myocardial infarction and could be attributed largely to the reduction in risk factors.
Dietary Intake of Branched-Chain Amino Acids and Risk of Colorectal Cancer; Branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) are essential amino acids, and emerging evidence suggests that BCAAs may mediate pathways related to cancer progression, possibly due to their involvement in insulin metabolism. We investigated the association between dietary intake of BCAAs with colorectal cancer risk in three prospective cohorts: the Nurses' Health Study I [(NHS), number of participants (n) at baseline = 77,017], NHS II (n = 92,984), and the Health Professionals Follow-up Study [(HPFS) n = 47,255]. Validated food frequency questionnaires were administered every 4 years and follow-up questionnaires on lifestyle biennially. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using Cox proportional hazards regression models. Pooled HRs were obtained using random effect models. After up to 28 years of follow-up, 1,660 cases were observed in NHS, 306 in NHS II, and 1,343 in HPFS. In multivariable adjusted models, we observed a weak inverse association between BCAA intake and colorectal cancer [highest vs. lowest quintile, pooled HR including all three cohorts (95% CI): 0.89 (0.80-1.00), P-trend = 0.06, HR per standard deviation (SD) increment 0.95 (0.92-0.99)]. However, after including dairy calcium to the models, BCAA intake was no longer associated with risk of colorectal cancer [HR 0.96 (0.85-1.08), P-trend = 0.50, HR per SD increment 0.97 (0.93-1.01)]. We did not find evidence that higher dietary BCAA intake is associated with higher risk of colorectal cancer. As this is the first prospective study to examine the association between BCAA intake and colorectal cancer, our findings warrant investigation in other cohorts.
The conventional protocol vs. a protocol including illumination with a fabric-based biophotonic device (the Phosistos protocol) in photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis: a randomized, controlled, noninferiority clinical study; Background Topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) using methyl aminolaevulinate is a noninvasive treatment option suitable to treat clinical and subclinical actinic keratosis (AK) over a large area (field cancerization). The most widely used, conventional protocol in Europe includes illumination with a red-light lamp. This illumination commonly causes pain, and patients often cannot complete the treatment. Objectives The aims of this paper are twofold. The first aim is to introduce a novel protocol, the Phosistos protocol (P-PDT), which includes illumination with a fabric-based biophotonic device. The second and major aim is to assess the noninferiority, in terms of efficacy for PDT of AK, of P-PDT compared with the conventional protocol (C-PDT). Methods A randomized, controlled, multicentre, intraindividual clinical study was conducted. Forty-six patients with grade I-II AK of the forehead and scalp were treated with P-PDT on one area (280 AK lesions) and with C-PDT on the contralateral area (280 AK lesions). The primary end point was the lesion complete response (CR) rate at 3 months, with an absolute noninferiority margin of -10%. Secondary end points included pain scores, incidence of adverse effects and cosmetic outcome. Results Three months following treatment, the lesion CR rate of P-PDT was noninferior to that of C-PDT (79 center dot 3% vs. 80 center dot 7%, respectively; absolute difference -1 center dot 6%; one-sided 95% confidence interval -4 center dot 5% to infinity). The noninferiority of P-PDT to C-PDT in terms of the lesion CR rate remained at the 6-month follow-up (94 center dot 2% vs. 94 center dot 9%, respectively; absolute difference -0 center dot 6%; one-sided 95% confidence interval -2 center dot 7% to infinity). Moreover, the pain score at the end of illumination was significantly lower for P-PDT than for C-PDT (mean +/- SD 0 center dot 3 +/- 0 center dot 6 vs. 7 center dot 4 +/- 2 center dot 3; P < 0 center dot 001). Conclusions P-PDT is noninferior to C-PDT in terms of efficacy for treating AK of the forehead and scalp and resulted in much lower pain scores and fewer adverse effects.
GENETIC DIVERGENCE AMONG TUMOROUS-HEAD STRAINS OF DROSOPHILA MELANOGASTER; Tumor-ous-head strains are maintained in various laboratories in the USA: Arizona State University [tu-h (ASU)], California Institute of Technology [tu-h(CT)], Johns Hopkins University [tu-h(JH)], The Institute for Cancer Research [tu-h (Phil)] and Utah State University [tu-h (60) and tu-h (90)]. All are descended from the strain kept at the University at Utah before 1949. Two different types of 3rd chromosomes (3A and 3B) are segregating in all these strains except tu-h (Phil), which has lost the 3B chromosome containing the Payne inversion and the recessive gene for scarlet eyes, apparently by random chromosome segregation. The 3B chromosome is homozygous lethal. When both the 3A and 3B chromosomes are present in a strain, female heterokaryotypes (3A/3B) produce more offspring than female homokaryotypes (3A/3A). Furthermore, heterokaryotypes of both sexes are more viable than homokaryotypes. The reduced productivity of the female homokaryotypes is under poly-genic control. Genetic divergence has occurred among the various strains for this fitness character. In some of the strains [tu-h(CT) and tu-h (90)], the female homokaryotypes show low productivity, in another [tu-h (ASU)] the productivity is moderate, while in others [tu-h (60) and tu-h(JH)] it is relatively high[long dash]A 3B chromosome from the tu-h (ASU) strain was inserted into the tu-h (Phil) strain, creating a new strain symbolized tu-h (Phil-3B). Female heterokaryotypes from the tu-h(Phil-3B) strain are more productive than female homokaryotypes. Furthermore, the fitness of the tu-h (Phil-3B) strain is increased over that of the tu-h (Phil) strain, using as a criterion of fitness the mean number of offspring produced each day or the total number of offspring produced in half-pint milk bottles.[long dash]Genetic divergence has also occurred among the strains for a polygenic system affecting the frequency of aspermia. Three of the strains [tu-h (ASU), tu-h (60) and tu-h (90)] show a relatively high frequency of aspermia (17%). The frequency is low in the other strains (<2.5%).[long dash]These results serve as evidence for the genetic divergence that can occur among laboratory stocks of D. melanogaster for polygenic systems, even those affecting important fitness characters.
A New Light-Emitting, Fabric-Based Device for Photodynamic Therapy of Actinic Keratosis: Protocol for a Randomized, Controlled, Multicenter, Intra-Individual, Phase II Noninferiority Study (the Phosistos Study); Background: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common early in situ skin carcinoma caused by long-term sun exposure and usually develops on sun-exposed skin areas. Left untreated, AK may progress to squamous cell carcinoma. To prevent such risk, most clinicians routinely treat AK. Therapy options for AK include cryotherapy, topical treatments, curettage, excision surgery, and photodynamic therapy (PDT). Objective: The aim of this study is to assess the noninferiority, in terms of efficacy at 3 months, of a PDT protocol involving a new light-emitting device (PDT using the Phosistos protocol [P-PDT]) compared with the conventional protocol (PDT using the conventional protocol [C-PDT]) in the treatment of AK. Methods: In this randomized, controlled, multicenter, intra-individual, phase II noninferiority clinical study, subjects with AK of the forehead and scalp are treated with P-PDT on one area and with C-PDT on the contralateral area. In both areas, lesions are prepared and methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) is applied. Thirty minutes after MAL application, the P-PDT area is exposed to red light at low irradiance (1.3 mW/cm(2)) for 2.5 hours so that a light dose of 12 J/cm(2) is achieved. In the control area (C-PDT area), a 37 J/cm(2) red light irradiation is performed 3 hours after MAL application. Recurrent AK at 3 months is retreated. The primary end point is the lesion complete response rate at 3 months. Secondary end points include pain scores at 1 day, local tolerance at 7 days, lesion complete response rate at 6 months, cosmetic outcome at 3 and 6 months, and patient-reported quality of life and satisfaction throughout the study. A total of 45 patients needs to be recruited. Results: Clinical investigations are complete: 46 patients were treated with P-PDT on one area (n=285 AK) and with C-PDT on the contralateral area (n=285 AK). Data analysis is ongoing, and statistical results will be available in the first half of 2019. Conclusions: In case of noninferiority in efficacy and superiority in tolerability of P-PDT compared with C-PDT, P-PDT could become the treatment of choice for AK.
Soy Food Consumption and Risk of Prostate Cancer: A Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Soybean products have been suggested to have a chemo preventive effect against prostate cancer. The aim of this study was to provide a comprehensive meta-analysis on the extent of the possible association between soy-based food consumption and the risk of prostate cancer. Five cohort studies and 8 case-control studies were identified using MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, Korea Medical Database, KoreaMed, Korean studies Information Service System, Japana Centra Revuo Medicina, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and a manual search. Summary odds ratios (ORs) comparing high versus low categories of soybean consumptions were calculated on the basis of the random effect model. We analyzed the associations based on the different types of soybean consumptions. The summary ORs (95% CI) for total soy foods were 0.69 (CI = 0.57-0.84) and 0.75 (CI = 0.62-0.89) for nonfermented soy foods. Among individual soy foods, only tofu yielded a significant value of 0.73 (CI = 0.57-0.92). Consumption of soybean milk, miso, or natto did not significantly reduce the risk of prostate cancer. Genistein and daidzein were associated with a lower risk of prostate cancer. This systematic review suggests that soy food consumption could lower the risk of prostate cancer. This conclusion, however, should be interpreted with caution because various biases can affect the results of a meta-analysis.
Efficacy of Plant Sterol-Enriched Food for Primary Prevention and Treatment of Hypercholesterolemia: A Systematic Literature Review; Plant sterols/phytosterols (PSs) are molecules with a similar structure to cholesterol that have a recognized effect on elevated LDL concentrations (LDL-c). PSs are used as a natural therapy against elevated LDL-c in combination with a healthy diet and exercise. A systematic review was performed to evaluate the efficacy of PS-enriched foods in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. Randomized controlled clinical studies reporting the use of PS-enriched foods to reduce LDL-c among adult individuals were retrieved and assessed for risk of bias. Meta-analyses were performed to assess changes in LDL-c by treatment, food matrix, LDL-c range, sterols dosage and risk of bias (RoB). In the 13 studies analyzed, LDL-c in PS-treated participants decreased by an average of 12.14 (8.98; 15.29) mg/dL. PS administration was statistically more effective in patients with LDL-c >= 140 mg/dL and for PS dosages > 2 g/day. It can be concluded that PSs can be used as an important primary prevention measure for hypercholesterolemia and as tertiary prevention for cardiovascular events in patients who already have mild to moderate LDL-c. However, in severe hypercholesterolemia and in cases of familial hypercholesterolemia, it is necessary to combine dietary treatment with the use of statins.
MS-20, A Chemotherapeutical Adjuvant, Reduces Chemo-Associated Fatigue and Appetite Loss in Cancer Patients; A small pilot study of the fermented soybean extract MicrSoy-20(MS-20) demonstrated its ability to restore chemotherapy-induced immunosuppression and improve quality of life (QoL). This randomized, cross-over, comparative trial was conducted to confirm the effects of MS-20 on QoL and to understand its underlying mechanism when used in conjunction with chemotherapy. One hundred forty-three patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy were randomly assigned to 2 groups. Group 1 was administered MS-20 for 1 wk followed by 3 wk of concomitant MS-20 plus chemotherapy. Group 2 was administered chemotherapy for 3 wk. QoL was assessed by the EORTC/QLQ-C30 questionnaire and visual analogue scales (VAS). Changes in immunological parameters and antioxidant profiles were also examined. Significant increases were observed in EORTC/QLQ-C30 scores for physical (4.45, P = 0.023) and social (3.99, P = 0.023) functioning in Group 1 patients compared to Group 2 patients. VAS scores for fatigue and appetite loss significantly improved with MS-20 treatment (P < 0.001). Group 1 patients exhibited smaller decreases in peripheral blood mononuclear cells compared to Group 2 patients (P = 0.026). Other immunological parameters, antioxidant, and safety profiles were not significantly different between treatment groups. Addition of MS-20 as an adjuvant to chemotherapy can be effective in improving QoL for cancer patients.
Over-expression of erbB-2/neu is paralleled by inhibition of mouse-mammary-epithelial-cell differentiation and developmental apoptosis; The erbB-2/neu oncogene is frequently over-expressed in many different tumors in humans, including those of breast and ovary. The oncogene encodes a receptor tyrosine kinase closely related to the epidermal-growth-factor receptor. We studied effects on differentiation and cell death of erbB-2/neu during mammary-gland development in transgenic mice expressing an activated, oncogenic rat erbB-2/neu gene controlled by the mammary-gland-specific promoter from mouse-mammary-tumor virus (MMTV-LTR), Transgenic animals develop mammary cancer after repeated pregnancies and lactation. We present evidence that over-expression of erbB-2/neu in these mice is restricted to tumor cells. Tumor cells fail to differentiate and express milk proteins such as beta-casein and whey acidic protein (WAP) during lactation. Epithelial-cell apoptosis during normal involution is characterized by non-random DNA degradation into oligonucleosomal fragments. Tumor cells were mostly refractory to this developmentally controlled programmed cell death. Distinct areas within tumors, however, showed spontaneous cell death as measured by in site TUNEL staining that co-localized with caspase-3-like activity. Our results indicate that the control of developmental cell death during involution is disturbed in erbB-2/neu-induced tumors although cell death and caspase activation can take place. Int J. Cancer 85:578-583, 2000. (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Effects of intrauterine infusion of <i>Trueperella pyogenes</i> on endometrial mRNA expression of proinflammatory cytokines and luteolytic cascade genes and their association with luteal life span in dairy cows; Objectives were to determine the effects of intrauterine infusion (IUI) of Trueperella pyogenes on endometrial expression of proinflammatory cytokines and luteal life span. Holstein cows (n = 32) were allocated randomly, in two replicates (15 then 17 cows), to receive one of three treatments on Day 5 of the estrous cycle: TP (n = 13), IUI containing 10(9) colony-forming units/mL of T pyogenes; tumor necrosis factor (TNF; n = 9), IUI containing 1 mu g of TNF alpha; and control (n = 10), IUI of saline solution. Five cows per treatment had uterine biopsies collected at 6, 12, and 24 hours after treatment to evaluate the endometrial messenger RNA expression of TNF alpha (TNF), interleukin-1 beta (IL1B), IL6, IL8, prostaglandin E synthase (PGES), prostaglandin F synthase (PGFS), and oxytocin receptor (OXR), and histologic evidence of inflammation. Messenger RNA expression was measured using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. The remaining cows had ovaries scanned and blood collected for progesterone evaluation; however, only seven, four, and three cows in the TP, TNF, and control groups were used for comparison in replicate 2.The GLIMMIX procedure of SAS was used for statistical analysis. All TP and TNF cows had moderate to severe endometrial inflammation, whereas only one control had mild inflammation. Premature luteolysis occurred in three, one, and zero cows in the TP,TNF and control groups, respectively. Delayed luteolysis occurred in one TP and one TNF cow. Interleukin-16 expression was greater in the TP cows than in the TNF cows at 24 hours after IUI. Moreover, IL6 expression tended to be greater for the TP cows than for the control cows at 12 hours after IUI. Interleukin 8 expression was greater in the TP cows than in the control and TNF cows at 24 hours after IUI. Oxytocin receptor expression tended to be greater for the TP cows and was greater for the TNF cows than for the control cows at 12 hours. The messenger RNA expressions of TNF, PGES, and PGFS were not affected by treatment, time, or their interaction. In conclusion, IUI of Tpyogenes or TNF alpha led to histologic evidence of inflammation and early luteolysis in some cows, which may have been caused by increased endometrial expression of proinflammatory cytokines (i.e., IL1B, IL6), chemolcines (i.e., IL8), and luteolytic cascade factors (i.e., OXR). (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Space allowance influences individually housed Holstein bull calf innate immune measures and standing behaviors after castration at 3 weeks of age; Dairy calves in the Southwest regions of the United States are typically raised individually in wooden hutches with 1.23 m(2) of space. The objective of the study was to determine if increased space allowance in wooden hutches influences measures of innate immunity and behaviors of Holstein bull calves pre- and postcastration. Calves were randomly assigned at 4 d of age to conventional (CONV; 1.23 m(2) of space; n = 18), moderate (MOD; 1.85 m2 space; n = 17), or maximized space allowance (MAX; 3.71 m(2) space; n = 19) in hutches. Calves were surgically castrated at 24 d of age. Peripheral whole blood samples were collected at 1, +1, +5, and +12 d of castration. Accelerometer loggers (n = 16 calves per treatment) were used from 3 to +5 d of castration to assess standing behaviors. All calves decreased total standing duration the day of castration versus precastration. Overall, MAX spent the most time in the stand position postcastration versus CONV and MOD. Within treatments, MOD. and MAX had increased plasma cortisol 1 d postcastration versus pre castration. A treatment x time tendency was observed for cortisol at 12 d postcastration; MAX had the least circulating cortisol. A treatment x time tendency for circulating haptoglobin (Hp) was observed and Hp was greatest among CONV 1 d pre- and 12 d postcastration. Compared with precastration, CONV had increased Hp at 1, 5, and 12 d, whereas MOD had increased Hp at 5 d, and Hp remained similar within MAX. A treatment x time tendency for tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) from lipopolysaccharide-stimulated whole blood was observed; at 1 d postcastration, MOD had the most TNF-alpha, whereas MAX had the least. Within MAX, calves had increased TNF-alpha from precastration to 5 d postcastration. A treatment x time interaction was observed for whole blood bactericidal activity against Escherichia coli (WB anti-E). The CONV tended to have the greatest WB anti-E at d-1, but at d 1 and 5 postcastration, CONV had the least WB anti-E. Overall, MAX had less intensity of neutrophil oxidative burst versus CONV and MOD. The lower response of neutrophil oxidative burst and slower Hp secretion after castration is indicative that the wound site likely had less microbial exposure. The findings of this study suggest that calves housed with more space are potentially at less risk of too much inflammation after castration, which may likely be due to the effects of increased space on hide cleanliness and increased standing time.
<i>Short communication</i>: Amino acid supplementation and stage of lactation alter apparent utilization of nutrients by blood neutrophils from lactating dairy cows in vitro; Glutamine is the preferred AA used by polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) during the inflammatory response. However, the effect of other AA on bovine PMN response during inflammation and how this is altered by stage of lactation has not been fully elucidated. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of additional AA supplementation (pool of AA excluding Gln), on AA profiles, gene expression, and inflammatory function of PMN from dairy cows in early and mid lactation in vitro. We used 18 Holstein cows for this study. Polymorphonuclear leukocytes were isolated. Working solutions of AA (0 or 4 mM) and LPS (0 or 50 mu g/mL) were added to cell populations suspended in RPMI and incubated for 2 h at 37 degrees C. We used a subset of samples for gene and protein expression. Concentrations of AA in medium were determined using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with norleucine as an internal standard. Apparent AA and glucose utilization were calculated by subtracting the concentration after from that of before incubation. Data were analyzed as a randomized block design. Challenge with LPS increased the expression of proinflammatory genes and AA supplementation decreased both the expression of some proinflammatory genes and the media concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-a. Neither stage of lactation, LPS challenge, nor AA supplementation altered the chemotactic or phagocytic abilities of PMN in vitro. Polymorphonuclear leukocytes supplemented with AA had greater concentrations and apparent utilization of most of the supplemented AA, whereas the unsupplemented group had greater apparent utilization of glucose. Alanine was not provided in the media but was present in spent media, and Ile, Gly, and Pro were greater in spent media than in media before incubation indicating synthesis of these AA. Regarding expression of genes involved in nutrient metabolism, the expression of G6PD, coding for the enzyme glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, was increased and that of PDHA1, coding for the enzyme pyruvate dehydrogenase a 1, tended to increase with AA supplementation. Due to the lower concentration of tumor necrosis factor-a in media coupled with a downregulation of several proinflammatory genes, we concluded that AA, rather than Gln, alter the inflammatory response of bovine blood PMN. Independent from Gln, blood PMN from cows in early lactation may use certain AA as their primary carbon source for energy than cows in later lactation. Evaluating cows during the early postpartum period will provide additional information on the effect of stage of lactation and nutrient supplementation on PMN function.
Public Health Risk of Arsenic Contamination in Food at Old Kahna, Lahore, Pakistan; Poisoning from arsenic in drinking water is a very serious problem in Pakistan stressing the need for analysis of water, soil, food and other environmental samples to gauge the extent of risk posed to the health of general public and for remedial measures. Kahna (old) is a small locality of Lahore which was selected as a test site and drinking water samples and diverse food samples were collected randomly and analyzed for arsenic contents by arsenic testing kit and atomic absorption spectroscopy (graphite furnace). The arsenic amount in samples of drinking water (from sunken tube-wells instal led in houses), milk, locally grown vegetables, mutton, beef, rice is 71 ppb, 13.50 ppb, 1.5, 1.6, 0.8, 3.7 and 0.3 mg/kg, respectively. Food values are under permissible levels but arsenic in water is much higher than standard thus exposing the population of Old Kahna at high cancer risk and other diseases.
Association of Dietary Fiber and Yogurt Consumption With Lung Cancer Risk A Pooled Analysis; Question Does an association exist between risk of lung cancer and habitual intakes of dietary fiber (the main source of prebiotics) or yogurt (a probiotic food)? Findings In this pooled analysis of more than 1.44 million individuals from the United States, Europe, and Asia, high intakes of dietary fiber or yogurt were individually associated with reduced risk of lung cancer, independent of all known risk factors. A potential synergistic association of fiber and yogurt consumption with lung cancer risk was also observed. Meaning Dietary fiber and yogurt may be individually and jointly associated with reduced risk of lung cancer. Importance Dietary fiber (the main source of prebiotics) and yogurt (a probiotic food) confer various health benefits via modulating the gut microbiota and metabolic pathways. However, their associations with lung cancer risk have not been well investigated. Objective To evaluate the individual and joint associations of dietary fiber and yogurt consumption with lung cancer risk and to assess the potential effect modification of the associations by lifestyle and other dietary factors. Design, Setting, and Participants This pooled analysis included 10 prospective cohorts involving 1& x202f;445& x202f;850 adults from studies that were conducted in the United States, Europe, and Asia. Data analyses were performed between November 2017 and February 2019. Using harmonized individual participant data, hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for lung cancer risk associated with dietary fiber and yogurt intakes were estimated for each cohort by Cox regression and pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. Participants who had a history of cancer at enrollment or developed any cancer, died, or were lost to follow-up within 2 years after enrollment were excluded. Exposures Dietary fiber intake and yogurt consumption measured by validated instruments. Main Outcomes and Measures Incident lung cancer, subclassified by histologic type (eg, adenocarcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, and small cell carcinoma). Results The analytic sample included 627& x202f;988 men, with a mean (SD) age of 57.9 (9.0) years, and 817& x202f;862 women, with a mean (SD) age of 54.8 (9.7) years. During a median follow-up of 8.6 years, 18& x202f;822 incident lung cancer cases were documented. Both fiber and yogurt intakes were inversely associated with lung cancer risk after adjustment for status and pack-years of smoking and other lung cancer risk factors: hazard ratio, 0.83 (95% CI, 0.76-0.91) for the highest vs lowest quintile of fiber intake; and hazard ratio, 0.81 (95% CI, 0.76-0.87) for high vs no yogurt consumption. The fiber or yogurt associations with lung cancer were significant in never smokers and were consistently observed across sex, race/ethnicity, and tumor histologic type. When considered jointly, high yogurt consumption with the highest quintile of fiber intake showed more than 30% reduced risk of lung cancer than nonyogurt consumption with the lowest quintile of fiber intake (hazard ratio, 0.67 [95% CI, 0.61-0.73] in total study populations; hazard ratio, 0.69 [95% CI, 0.54-0.89] in never smokers), suggesting potential synergism. Conclusions and Relevance Dietary fiber and yogurt consumption was associated with reduced risk of lung cancer after adjusting for known risk factors and among never smokers. Our findings suggest a potential protective role of prebiotics and probiotics against lung carcinogenesis. This pooled analysis from 10 cohort studies that included more than 1.4 million participants evaluates whether an association exists between risk of lung cancer and the habitual consumption of dietary fiber (the main source of prebiotics) or yogurt (a probiotic food).
Isoflavone-rich soy protein isolate suppresses androgen receptor expression without altering estrogen receptor-β expression or serum hormonal profiles in men at high risk of prostate cancer; The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of soy protein isolate consumption on circulating hormone profiles and hormone receptor expression patterns in men at high risk for developing advanced prostate cancer. Fifty-eight men were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 protein isolates containing 40 g/d protein: 1) soy protein isolate (SPI +) (107 mg/d isoflavones); 2) alcohol-washed soy protein isolate (SPI-) (< 6 mg/d isoflavones); or 3) milk protein isolate (0 mg/d isoflavones). For 6 me, the men consumed the protein isolates in divided doses twice daily as a partial meal replacement. Serum samples collected at 0, 3, and 6 mo were analyzed for circulating estradiol, estrone, sex hormone-binding globulin, androstenedione, androstanediol glucuronice, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, dihydrotestosterone, testosterone, and free testosterone concentrations by RIA. Prostate biopsy samples obtained pre- and postintervention were analyzed for androgen receptor (AR) and estrogen receptor-beta expression by immunohistochemistry. At 6 mo, consumption of SPI+ significantly suppressed AIR expression but did not alter estrogen receptor-beta expression or circulating hormones. Consumption of SPI- significantly increased estradiol and androstenedione concentrations, and tended to suppress AR expression (P = 0.09). Although the effects of SPI- consumption on estradiol and androstenedione are difficult to interpret and the clinical relevance is uncertain, these data show that AR expression in the prostate is suppressed by soy protein isolate consumption, which may be beneficial in preventing prostate cancer.
Probiotic supplementation reduces a biomarker for increased risk of liver cancer in young men from Southern China; Background: In vitro and in vivo studies suggest that selected strains of probiotic bacteria can form tight complexes with aflatoxin B, and other carcinogens. Objective: The aim of the present study was to determine whether administration of probiotic bacteria could block the intestinal absorption of aflatoxin B, and thereby lead to reduced urinary excretion of aflatoxin B-1-N-7-guanine (AFB-N-7-guanine), a marker for a biologically effective dose of aflatoxin exposure. Elevated urinary excretion of this aflatoxin-DNA adduct is associated with an increased risk of liver cancer. Design: Ninety healthy young men from Guangzhou, China, were randomly assigned to 2 groups; one group received a mixture of Lactobacillus rhamnosus LC705 and Propionibacterium freudenreichii subsp. shermanii strains 2 times/d for 5 wk, and the other group received a placebo preparation. The subjects provided 4 urine samples: at baseline, at 3 and 5 wk after starting the supplementation, and at the end of the 5-wk postintervention period. Results: The percentage of samples with negative AFB-N-7-guanine values tended to be higher in the probiotic group than in the placebo group during the 5-wk intervention period (odds ratio: 2.63, P = 0.052), and a statistically significant decrease in the concentration of urinary AFB-N-7-guanine was observed in the probiotic group. The reduction was 36% at week 3 and 55% at week 5. The geometric means for the probiotic and placebo groups were 0.24 and 0.49 ng AFB-N-7-guanine/mL, respectively, during the intervention period (P = 0.005). Conclusion: A probiotic supplement reduces the biologically effective dose of aflatoxin exposure and may thereby offer an effective dietary approach to decrease the risk of liver cancer.
Associations of energy, fat, calcium, and vitamin D with prostate cancer risk; This population-based, case-control study in King County, Washington examined associations of energy, fat, vitamin D, and calcium with risk of prostate cancer in 605 incident cases (ages 40-64 years) identified from the Seattle-Puget Sound Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results registry and 592 controls recruited from the same underlying population using random-digit telephone sampling. Self-administered food frequency questionnaires were used to assess diet over the 3-5-year period before diagnosis or interview date. Total energy was associated with increased risk for both local and regional/distant stage disease. The adjusted odds ratios [95% confidence intervals (CIs)] contrasting highest to lowest quintile of energy intake were 2.15 (95% CI, 1.35-3.43) for local and 1.96 (95% CI, 1.08-3.56) for regional/ distant disease. Fat was associated with regional/distant disease only. Adjusted odds ratios comparing the highest to lowest quintiles of percentage energy from total, saturated, and monounsaturated fats were 2.01 (1.03-3.92), 1.82 (0.93-3.56), and 2.00 (1.03-3.87), respectively. For calcium, adjusted odds ratios contrasting the highest to lowest quartiles were 1.07 (0.63-1.84) for local and 2.12 (1.02-4.38) for regional/distant disease. There were no associations of vitamin D, total polyunsaturated fatty acids, or the highly unsaturated, long-chain eicosapentainoic and docosahexaenoic fatty acids with prostate cancer risk. These results suggest that high energy intake is a risk factor for both localized and nonlocalized prostate cancer, whereas dietary fat and calcium increase the risk of regional/distant disease only. These results are consistent with general dietary guidelines to moderate consumption of total energy and fat, and they motivate further research to consider the potential benefits and risks of high calcium intake.
Red and processed meat consumption and breast cancer: UK Biobank cohort study and meta-analysis; Aim: Red and processed meat may be risk factors for breast cancer due to their iron content, administration of oestrogens to cattle or mutagens created during cooking. We studied the associations in UK Biobank and then included the results in a meta-analysis of published cohort studies. Methods: UK Biobank, a general population cohort study, recruited participants aged 40-69 years. Incident breast cancer was ascertained via linkage to routine hospital admission, cancer registry and death certificate data. Univariate and multivariable Cox proportional hazard models were used to explore the associations between red and processed meat consumption and breast cancer. Previously published cohort studies were identified from a systematic review using PubMed and Ovid and a meta-analysis conducted using a random effects model. Results: Over a median of 7 years follow-up, 4819 of the 262,195 women developed breast cancer. The risk was increased in the highest tertile (> 9 g/day) of processed meat consumption (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.21, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08-1.35, p = 0.001). Collation with 10 previous cohort studies provided data on 40,257 incident breast cancers in 1.65 million women. On meta-analysis, processed meat consumption was associated with overall (relative risk [RR] 1.06, 95% CI 1.01-1.11) and post-menopausal (RR 1.09, 95% CI 1.03-1.15), but not pre-menopausal (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.88-1.10), breast cancer. In UK Biobank and the meta-analysis, red meat consumption was not associated with breast cancer (adjusted HR 0.99 95% CI 0.88-1.12 and RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.99-1.08, respectively). Conclusions: Consumption of processed meat, but not red meat, may increase the risk of breast cancer. Crown Copyright (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of nutrient profiles of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diets on blood pressure and bone metabolism and composition in normotensive and hypertensive rats; Hypertension has been associated with abnormalities of Ca and bone metabolism. Consequently, dietary strategies aimed at reducing blood pressure may also benefit bone health; however, this issue has received little attention. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to investigate the effect of two antihypertensive-type diets on blood pressure and bone metabolism and composition in normotensive (Wistar-Kyoto NHsd, WKY) and hypertensive (spontaneously hypertensive NHsd, SHR) rats. Thirty WKY and thirty SHR male rats, 14 weeks old, were separately randomized by weight into three groups of ten rats each. One group from each strain was given a control diet while the other two groups were fed two anti-hypertensive (high fruit and vegetable (FN) and high fruit and vegetable and low-fat dairy produce (combination)) diets for 8 weeks. SHR rats were significantly (P<0.01) heavier than WKY rats. Blood pressure and femoral length, width, dry weight, ash, Ca, Mg, P and bone mineral mass were significantly (P<0.0001) greater in SHR than WKY rats, but were unaffected by diet, irrespective of strain. While markers of bone formation (serum osteocalcin) and bone resorption (urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline) were similar in both strains, these markers were significantly (P<0.05) lower (28-31, 16-23, 31-33 % respectively) in the SHR rats fed the combination diet relative to those fed the control and FN diets. Bone turnover in WKY rats was unaffected by diet. In conclusion, these findings suggest that the combination diet may benefit bone metabolism in hypertensive animals. However, as blood pressure was unaffected by this diet, the mechanism by which it reduced bone turnover requires further investigation.
Daily Injection of Tumor Necrosis Factor-α Increases Hepatic Triglycerides and Alters Transcript Abundance of Metabolic Genes in Lactating Dairy Cattle; To determine whether inflammation can induce bovine fatty liver, we administered recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha (rbTNF) to late-lactation Holstein cows. Cows (n = 5/treatment) were blocked by feed intake and parity and randomly assigned within block to control (CON; saline), rbTNF at 2 mu g/(kg(.)d), or pair-fed control (saline, intake matched) treatments. Treatments were administered once daily by subcutaneous injection for 7 d. Plasma samples were collected daily for analysis of glucose and FFA and a liver biopsy was collected on d 7 for triglyceride (TG) and quantitative RT-PCR analyses. Data were analyzed using treatment contrasts to assess effects of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and decreased feed intake. By d 7, feed intake of both rbTNF and pair-fed cows was similar to 15% less than CON (P < 0.01). Administration of rbTNF resulted in greater hepatic TNF alpha mRNA and protein aburdance and 103% higher liver TG content (P < 0.05) without affecting the plasma FFA concentration. Hepatic carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 transcript abundance tended to be lower (P = 0.09) and transcript abundance of fatty acid translocase and 1-acyl-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase was higher (both P < 0.05) after rbTNF treatment, consistent with increased FFA uptake and storage as TG. Transcript abundance of glucose-6-phosphatase (P < 0.05) and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase I (P = 0.09), genes important for gluconeogenesis, was lower for rbTNF-treated cows. These findings indicate that TNF alpha promotes liver TG accumulation and suggest that inflammatory pathways may also be responsible for decreased glucose production in cows with fatty liver. J. Nutt. 139: 1451-1456, 2009.
Effects of Potassium Magnesium Citrate Supplementation on 24-Hour Ambulatory Blood Pressure and Oxidative Stress Marker in Prehypertensive and Hypertensive Subjects; Diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, known as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, is known to reduce blood pressure (BP) in hypertensive patients. More recently, the DASH diet was shown to reduce oxidative stress in hypertensive and nonhypertensive humans. However, the main nutritional components responsible for these beneficial effects of the DASH diet remain unknown. Because the DASH diet is rich in potassium (K), magnesium (Mg), and alkali, we performed a randomized, double -blinded, placebo -controlled study to compare effects of potassium magnesium citrate (KMgCit), potassium chloride (KC1), and potassium citrate (KCit) to allow dissociation of the three components of K, Mg, and citrate on 24 -hour ambulatory BP and urinary 8-isoprostane in hypertensive and prehypertensive subjects, using a randomized crossover design. We found that KC1 supplementation for 4 weeks induced a significant reduction in nighttime SBP compared with placebo (116 +/- 12 vs 121 +/- 15 mm Hg, respectively, p <0.01 vs placebo), whereas KMgCit and KCit had no significant effect in the same subjects (118 +/- 11 and 119 +/- 13 mm Hg, respectively, p >0.1 vs placebo). In contrast, urinary 8-isoprostane was significantly reduced with KMgCit powder compared with placebo (13.5 +/- 5.7 vs 21.1 +/- 10.5 ng/mgCr, respectively, p <0.001), whereas KC1 and KCit had no effect (21.4 9.1 and 18.3 +/- 8.4, respectively, p >0.1 vs placebo). In conclusion, our study demonstrated differential effects of KC1 and KMgCit supplementation on BP and the oxidative stress marker in prehypertensive and hypertensive subjects. Clinical significance of the antioxidative effect of KMgCit remains to be determined in future studies. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations of circulating and dietary vitamin D with prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis; Objective We systematically reviewed and meta-analyzed literature examining associations of vitamin D (dietary intake, circulating 25-hydroxy-vitamin-D (25(OH) D), and 1,25-dihydroxy-vitamin-D (1,25(OH)(2)D) concentrations) with prostate cancer. Methods We searched over 24,000 papers from seven electronic databases (to October 2010) for exposures related to vitamin D. We conducted dose-response random-effects meta-analyses pooling the log odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) per change in natural units of each exposure. The I-2 statistic quantified between-study variation due to heterogeneity. Results Twenty-five papers were included. In prospective studies, the OR per 1,000 IU increase in dietary intake was 1.14 (6 studies; CI: 0.99, 1.31; I-2 = 0%) for total prostate cancer and 0.93 (3 studies; 0.63, 1.39; I-2 = 25%) for aggressive prostate cancer. Five case-control studies examined dietary intake, but there was a high degree of inconsistency between studies (I-2 = 49%). The OR per 10 ng/mL increase in 25(OH) D was 1.04 (14 studies; 0.99, 1.10; I-2 = 0%) for total prostate cancer and 0.98 (6 studies; 0.84, 1.15; I-2 = 32%) for aggressive prostate cancer. The OR per 10 pg/mL increase in 1,25(OH) 2D was 1.00 (7 studies; 0.87, 1.14; I-2 = 41%) for total prostate cancer and 0.86 (2 studies; 0.72, 1.02; I-2 = 0%) for aggressive prostate cancer. Conclusion Published literature provides little evidence to support a major role of vitamin D in preventing prostate cancer or its progression.
Randomized field trial on the effects of body weight and short transport on stress and immune variables in 2-to 4-week-old dairy calves; Background Whether underweight calves respond differently to transport stress, enhancing their disease risk, is currently unknown. Objective To determine the effects of low body weight and transport stress on immune variables. Animals Twenty-one 2- to 4-week-old male Holstein calves, housed on a commercial farm. Methods Randomized clinical trial. Full factorial design with 4 treatment groups: low body weight (<= 46 kg)/no transport (LOWCON); low body weight/transport (LOWTRANS); normal body weight (>46 kg)/no transport (NORMCON), and normal body weight/transport (NORMTRANS). Transport duration was 2 hours. Results Transport significantly increased serum cortisol concentration (77.8 mu g/mL; 95% confidence interval [CI], 37.8-131.6; P < .001), interleukin (IL)-17A (344.9 pg/mL; 95% CI, 32.2-556.5; P = .04), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (218.2 pg/mL; 95% CI, 32.5-368.3; P = .03) production after lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulation. Body weight did not affect any of the studied variables. However, the interaction of transport and body weight was significant. LOWTRANS calves showed increased monocyte count (2.0 x 10(9)/L; 95% CI, 0.6-4.2; P < .05) and interleukin IL-17A production (106.0 pg/mL; 95% CI, 4.2-306.9; P = .03) compared to normal weight calves and increased TNF-alpha production (275.6 pg/mL; 95% CI, 2.6-463.0; P = .02) compared to LOWCON calves in unstimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) after transport. Conclusion and Clinical Importance These findings contribute to our understanding of increased disease susceptibility of underweight calves when transported. Gamma globulin concentration was identified as important interfering factor in studies on immune variables in neonatal calves.
AMLODIPINE VERSUS ATENOLOL IN ESSENTIAL-HYPERTENSION; The efficacy and safety of amlodipine (2.5-10 mg) once daily was compared with atenolol (50-100 mg) once daily In patients with mild-to-moderate essential hypertension in a randomized, double- blind, parallel, placebo-controlled study. A total of 125 patients were randomly allocated at the end of a 4-week run-in placebo period to 8 weeks of double-blind treatment with amlodipine (n = 41), atenolol (n = 43), or placebo (n = 41). The placebo group had small mean changes in supine and standing blood pressure compared with baseline. The mean blood pressure changes from baseline 24 hours postdose in the amlodipine group (mean dairy dose 8.8 mg) were -12.8/-10.1 mm Hg for supine blood pressure and -11.5/-9.8 mm Hg for standing blood pressure (p <0.001 compared with placebo), and for the atenotol group (mean daily dose 83.7 mg) the changes were -11.3/-11.7 mm Hg for supine blood pressure and -13.3/-12.3 mm Hg for standing blood pressure(p <0.001 compared with placebo). There were no statistically significant blood pressure differences between active treatments. The responder rates for amlodipine, atenolol, and placebo were 61.1, 64.9, and 11.1%, respectively. The blood pressure values taken over the 24-hour period at final visit revealed that amlodipine and atenolol maintained the supine blood pressure less than or equal to 140/90 mm Hg throughout the period of observation; the corresponding time-effect curve for the placebo group was clearly in the hypertensive range. Heart rate was significantly lowered by atenolol only. Both amlodipine and atenolol were well tolerated. Only 1 patient was withdrawn due to adverse effects (development of peripheral edema, arthralgia and fatigue) related to amlodipine. This study demonstrates that once-daily therapy with amlodipine or atenolol was well tolerated In patients with mild-to-moderate essential hypertension and provided control of blood pressure throughout the 24-hour dosing interval.
Nonlinear association between magnesium intake and the risk of colorectal cancer; Objectives The association between dietary magnesium intake and the risk of colorectal cancer has been examined by many prospective studies, but remains controversial because of inconsistent results. We aimed to carry out a meta-analysis to investigate this. Materials and methods We assessed this association with categorical and dose-response meta-analysis of data from prospective cohort studies. Relevant studies were identified by searching MEDLINE, EMBASE, and OVID for studies published before 9 June 2012, with no restrictions. Relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the highest versus lowest and dose-response association were estimated using random-effects models. Heterogeneity and publication bias was investigated, and subgroup, sensitivity, and meta-regression analyses were carried out. Results The analysis included 333 510 participants with 7435 colorectal cancers from seven prospective cohort studies. The summary RR for the highest versus the lowest intake of dietary magnesium was 0.81 (95% CI: 0.70-0.92) for colorectal cancer, 0.76 (95% CI: 0.64-0.88) for colon cancer, and 0.82 (95% CI: 0.58-1.06) for rectal cancer. For men and women, the pooled RR was 0.76 (95% CI: 0.51-1.01) and 0.81 (95% CI: 0.68-0.94), respectively. Significant inverse associations of colorectal cancer and dietary magnesium emerged in nonlinear models (p(nonlinearity) = 0.03). The greatest risk reduction was observed when dietary magnesium intake increased from very low levels. Conclusion Dietary magnesium intake has a statistically significant nonlinear inverse association with the risk of colorectal cancer. The greatest reduction for magnesium intake is 200-270 mg/day. Whether the association is causal or because of confounding warrants further investigation. Eur J Gastroenterol Hepatol 25:309-318 (C) 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effect of different doses of progestin on uterine leiomyomas in postmenopausal women; Objective(s): To evaluate the effects of two doses of medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA) on uterine leiomyoma sizes and on uterine bleeding pattern in postmenopausal women treated with oral hormone replacement therapy (HRT), Study design: Thirty natural postmenopausal women affected by uterine leiomyomas were enrolled and treated with oral micronized estradiol (E-2) at dose of 2 mg per day, and randomized to receive in association MPA at dose of 2.5 mg daily (group A) or of 5 mg daily (group B). At the beginning of the study and after I year of treatment, uterine leiomyomata dimensions were measured using transvaginal ultrasonography (TV-USG). The subjects were instructed to note on a daily dairy the number and severity of abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB) episodes. Results: After I year of therapy, a significant changes in mean uterine leiomyomas size was observed in the group treated with higher dose of MPA. No significant differences in uterine bleeding were detected between the two groups. Conclusion(s): In postmenopausal women with uterine leiomyomas, it is necessary to use the minimal efficacious dose of progestin during HRT because of a higher risk to increase the tumors dimensions. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Combined effects of host genetics and diet on human gut microbiota and incident disease in a single population cohort; Genome-wide association analysis of gut microbial taxa in a single homogenous population-based cohort of 5,959 Finnish individuals identifies 567 independent SNP-taxon associations, including strong associations with LCT, ABO and MED13L. Human genetic variation affects the gut microbiota through a complex combination of environmental and host factors. Here we characterize genetic variations associated with microbial abundances in a single large-scale population-based cohort of 5,959 genotyped individuals with matched gut microbial metagenomes, and dietary and health records (prevalent and follow-up). We identified 567 independent SNP-taxon associations. Variants at the LCT locus associated with Bifidobacterium and other taxa, but they differed according to dairy intake. Furthermore, levels of Faecalicatena lactaris associated with ABO, and suggested preferential utilization of secreted blood antigens as energy source in the gut. Enterococcus faecalis levels associated with variants in the MED13L locus, which has been linked to colorectal cancer. Mendelian randomization analysis indicated a potential causal effect of Morganella on major depressive disorder, consistent with observational incident disease analysis. Overall, we identify and characterize the intricate nature of host-microbiota interactions and their association with disease.
Bisoprolol alone and in combination with amlodipine or nifedipine in the treatment of chronic stable angina; Beta-blockers and calcium antagonists are both effective monotherapy for stable angina. When symptoms persist, these two agents are commonly co-prescribed in the hope that this combination has added benefit compared with monotherapy alone. We investigated the additional efficacy of the calcium antagonists amiodipine and nifedipine when added to bisoprolol in patients with stable angina. Patients were randomised in a multicentre, single-blind study, with crossover of three treatments consisting of bisoprolol 10 mg once daily, bisoprolol plus nifedipine 20 mg twice daily, and bisoprolol plus amlodipine 5 mg once dairy. Exercise tests were performed at the end of each four-week study period and the exercise time to onset of angina was assessed. A total of 198 patients from 17 centres were recruited of whom 147 were evaluable for efficacy. There were no statistically significant differences in exercise duration to onset of angina between any of the groups. The combination of bisoprolol plus nifedipine was least well tolerated. In summary, this study suggests there is little benefit in adding a calcium antagonist to bisoprolol in treating patients with stable angina.
ANTIGENIC SUBSETS OF HUMAN-BREAST EPITHELIAL-CELLS DISTINGUISHED BY MONOCLONAL-ANTIBODIES; Three monoclonal antibodies raised to the human milk fat globule membrane bind, within the normal breast, to the surface of the luminal epithelial cells but not to the surrounding myoepithelial, connective tissue, or blood vessel cells. These antibodies distinguish 3 subsets of the epithelial cells that are not distinguishable by conventional histology. To show the arrangement of the cells in 2 dimensions over the sheet of epithelium, ducts were dissected out of normal breast tissue, opened up  and laid flat as sheets of epithelium. The apical faces of the cells were stained, unfixed, using 2-color immunofluorescence to contrast the subsets of cells stained by the different antibodies. The epithelium was then seen to be a mosaic of cells that express different surface antigens. The grouping and appearance of the cells stained by the different antibodies was characteristic. This may be just a random heterogeneity of antigen expression but alternatively the different cells may be in  different physiological states. Regardless of its biological significance, the observation has practical consequences for the use of such antibodies in identifying cells and the study of antigenic heterogeneity in tumors.
Yogurt consumption and estrogen metabolism in healthy premenopausal women; Dietary modification of intestinal microflora by yogurt or Lactobacilli supplementation has been shown to decrease fecal beta-glucuronidase activity, thereby possibly affecting estrogen metabolism and lowering breast cancer risk. To determine if yogurt consumption modifies fecal beta-glucuronidase activity and plasma and urine estrogen concentrations, 16 women (24.8 +/- 1.0 y; mean +/- SEM) were assigned randomly to two groups, control (CON;n=7) or yogurt treatment (YOG;n=9). Control subjects refrained from yogurt consumption for three months, whereas the YOG group consumed two cups (454 g/d) of commercially produced yogurt made with a culture (1:1 ratio) of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ssp bulgaricus and Lactococcus salivarius ssp thermophilus (>10(7) colony forming units/g yogurt) for three consecutive months. Prior yogurt consumption did not exceed 4-6 cups/month and subjects consumed their usual diets during the study. Three-day diet records, fasting mid-luteal blood, and 24 h urine collections were obtained during three consecutive days of subjects' first-, second-, and fourth-menstrual cycles. Fecal samples were collected once during each menstrual cycle. Dietary nutrient intakes were not significantly different within or between groups throughout the study. The YOG group was consuming a low-fat diet (19-22% of total calories). Fecal beta-glucuronidase activity and plasma and urinary estrone and estradiol-17 beta concentrations were assessed following baseline and months one and three for CON and YOG consumers. No significant differences were observed within or between groups for any of the aforementioned biochemical variables. In conclusion, three months of yogurt consumption did not alter fecal beta-glucuronidase activity or plasma and urine estrogen concentrations. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> EM1107 prevents hyperglycemia, alveolar bone loss, and inflammation in a rat model of diabetes and periodontitis; BackgroundThis study evaluated the antihyperglycemic, anti-bone-resorptive, and anti-inflammatory efficacy of the probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus EM1107 in an experimental model of ligature-induced periodontitis in diabetic rats treated with metformin (Met). MethodsA total of 114 male Wistar rats was randomly divided into six groups: (1) control, (2) experimental periodontitis (EP), (3) EP + diabetes mellitus (DM), (4) EP + probiotic (Prob), (5) EP + DM + Prob, and (6) EP + DM + Prob + Met. The animals received probiotic gavage during the 30 days of the experiment. DM was induced on the 14th day of the experiment with a single injection of streptozotocin into the penile vein, followed by ligature for EP induction and Met gavage on the 19th day and euthanasia on the 30th day. Heart blood, gingival and periodontal tissue, and hemimaxillae were collected. Biomolecular analysis, immunoenzymatic assays, histomorphology, and microtomographic analysis were performed. Data were statistically analyzed (p < 0.05). ResultsThere was a significant reduction in interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in the Prob groups (p < 0.05) as well as in blood glucose levels in the Prob and Met groups (p < 0.001). In addition, histomorphological analysis revealed that the Prob groups had a reduction in inflammatory infiltrate. Tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP) and microtomographic analyses showed that the EP/DM/Prob/Met group had significantly lower linear and volumetric bone loss than those who had no treatment (p < 0.01). SOD and GPx immunostaining decreased in all groups receiving probiotics. ConclusionThe findings suggest the immunoinflammatory efficacy of the probiotic L. rhamnosus EM1107 administered either alone or in association with Met in type 1 DM associated with periodontitis.
Epidemiological link between eating habits and cancer: the example of colorectal cancer; One million people worldwide are affected by colorectal cancer (CRC) every year, resulting in 500,000 deaths. Incidence rate varies widely according to areas. It has been much more common in high-income countries. This trend begins to be reversed, with a stabilization of incidence rates in high-income countries and a dramatic increase in developing regions. CRC increase seems to overlap with the increasing level of urbanization in the latter. In the eighties, Doll and Peto already reported that 80% of cancer mortality was avoidable, particularly for CRC for which environmental influence is dominating. Observational studies have reported that migrants tended to reach similar CRC incidence levels that those of natives in the host country. An estimated 60% drop of all CRC cases could be obtained provided eating habits are modified, since these seem to be the main cause of incidence variations. Over the last ten years, many epidemiological studies and meta-analyses have been conducted. However, this abundant literature gave contradictory results. Therefore, in 1997, two groups of experts: the World Cancer Research Fund (WCRF) and the American Institute of Cancer Research (AICR), considered drafting a report on the correlation between diet and cancer a necessity. This systematic literature review, updated in 2007, established that red meat, processed meat and alcohol increase the risk of CRC. Conversely fibers, milk and calcium probably protect against CRC. Considering the most important prospective studies, randomised trials and the 2nd WCRF's report, our article aims at reviewing the evidences about diet and CRC.
The effect of conjugated linoleic acid, a natural <i>trans</i> fat from milk and meat, on human blood pressure: results from a randomized crossover feeding study; Cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a natural trans fatty acid that is largely restricted to ruminant fats and consumed in foods and supplements. Its role in blood pressure (BP) regulation is still unclear. We examined the effect of cis-9, trans-11 CLA on BP compared with oleic acid. A total of 61 healthy volunteers were sequentially fed each of 3 diets for 3 weeks, in random order, for a total of 9 weeks. The diets were identical except for 7% of energy (18.9 g in a diet of 10MJday(-1)) that was provided either by oleic acid, by industrial trans fatty acids or by cis-9, trans-11 CLA. We measured BP on two separate days at the end of each intervention period. At baseline, mean BP was 113.8 +/- 14.4mmHg systolic and 66.3 +/- 9.6mmHg diastolic. The effect of the CLA diet compared with the oleic acid diet was 0.11mmHg (95% confidence interval: -1.27, 1.49) systolic and -0.45mmHg (-1.63, 0.73) diastolic. After the industrial trans fatty acid diet, the effect was 1.13mmHg (-0.25, 2.51) systolic and -0.44mmHg (-1.62, 0.73) diastolic compared with the oleic acid diet. Our study suggests that short-term high intakes of cis-9, trans-11 CLA do not affect BP in healthy volunteers. Journal of Human Hypertension (2012) 26, 127-132; doi:10.1038/jhh.2010.132; published online 27 January 2011
The Properties of Vitamin B12 Deficiency in the Patients of an Outpatient Clinic; Objective: The aim of this study is to evaluate the properties of vitamin B12 deficiency and predisposing factors in the patients of an outpatient clinic. Material and Methods: Four hundred patients with vitamin B12 deficiency were studied. Anthropometric measures, biochemical analysis, gastric parietal cell antibodies and parasites in stool of the patients, antigliadin antibody survey and upper gastrointestinal system endoscopy were performed. Additionally, randomly selected 100 patients with low and 100 healthy subjects with normal serum vitamin B12 levels were questioned about food intake. Results: Overall ratio of vitamin B12 deficiency among outpatients was 4%. Coexisting diseases such as diabetes mellitus (12.3%), hypertension (42.0%), hyperlipidemia (42.0%) and obesity (42.0%) were determined. Nearly a quarter (22,8%) had autoimmune thyroid disease. A group of patients had other problems that may have caused malabsorption such as Helicobacter pylori gastritis (66/85= 77.6%), antigastric parietal cell antibody positivity (37/85= 43.5%), antigliadin antibody positivity (40/61= 65.6%), and others (3.3%). The patient group with vitamin B12 deficiency consumed significantly less meat (p< 0.001), chicken (p< 0.001), fish (p= 0.002), milk (p= 0.027) and eggs (p< 0.001), smaller number of meals (p= 0.013) and significantly higher amounts of fiber (p< 0.001) and vegetables (p= 0.037) when compared with the control group. Conclusion: Vitamin B12 deficiency was considered to be related mainly with improper and defective alimentation. However, malabsorption-related diseases may also contribute to vitamin B12 deficiency.
Phase II trial of isoflavone in prostate-specific antigen recurrent prostate cancer after previous local therapy; Background-: Data exist that demonstrate isoflavones' potent antiproliferative effects on prostate cancer cells. We evaluated the efficacy of isoflavone in patients with PSA recurrent prostate cancer after prior therapy. We postulated that isoflavone therapy would slow the rate of rise of serum PSA. Methods-: Twenty patients with rising PSA after prior local therapy were enrolled in this open-labeled, Phase II, nonrandomized trial (Trial registration # NCT00596895). Patients were treated with soy milk containing 47 mg of isoflavonoid per 8 oz serving three times per day for 12 months. Serum PSA, testosterone, lipids, isoflavone levels (genistein, daidzein, and equol), and quality of life (QOL) were measured at various time points from 0 to 12 months. PSA outcome was evaluated. Results-: Within the mixed regression model, it was estimated that PSA had increased 56% per year before study entry and only increased 20% per year for the 12-month study period (p = 0.05). Specifically, the slope of PSA after study entry was significantly lower than that before study entry in 6 patients and the slope of PSA after study entry was significantly higher than before study entry in 2 patients. For the remaining 12 patients, the change in slope was statistically insignificant. Nearly two thirds of the patients were noted to have significant levels of free equol in their serum while on therapy. Conclusion-: Dietary intervention with isoflavone supplementation may have biologic activity in men with biochemical recurrent prostate cancer as shown by a decline in the slope of PSA. This study may lend support to the literature that nutritional supplements have biologic activity in prostate cancer and therefore, further studies with these agents in randomized clinical trials should be encouraged.
Total fluid intake and use of individual beverages and risk of renal cell cancer in two large cohorts; Moderate alcohol consumption has been inversely associated with risk of renal cell cancer in recent prospective studies, and increased total fluid intake has been hypothesized to be a possible mechanism. We prospectively examined the associations between total fluid and beverage intakes and risk of renal cell cancer. Among 88,759 women followed for 20 years in the Nurses' Health Study, and 47,828 men followed for 14 years in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study, we documented 248 incident cases of renal cell cancer. We assessed consumption of beverages every 2 to 4 years using a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire, and total fluid intake was derived from the frequency of consumption of 18 to 22 beverage items. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate study-specific multivariate relative risks (RR), which were pooled using a random-effects model. We found no association between total fluid intake and risk of renal cell cancer; the pooled multivariate RR for the highest quartile versus the lowest was 0.99 (95% confidence interval, 0.63-1.55; P, test for trend = 0.78). Alcohol intake was marginally inversely associated with renal cell cancer risk; compared with nondrinkers, the pooled multivariate RR for >= 15 g/d was 0.66 (95% confidence interval, 0.43-1.00; P, test for trend = 0.07). We did not find clear associations between intakes of coffee, tea, milk, juice, soda, punch, and water and risk of renal cell cancer. Our data suggest an inverse association between alcohol intake and risk of renal cell cancer, but do not support the hypothesis that greater total fluid intake reduces the risk of renal cell cancer.
Serious Infections in Rheumatoid Arthritis Offspring Exposed to Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors A Cohort Study; Objective. To evaluate the risk of serious infections in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) offspring exposed to tumor necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFi) in the gestational period compared to unexposed RA offspring, as well as to children from the general population. Methods. We used US claim data (2011-2015) to identify 2,989 offspring born to women who have RA and a randomly selected group of 14,596 control children, matched 4:1 for maternal age, year of delivery, and state of residence. We defined TNFi exposure based on 1 filled prescription during pregnancy. We ascertained serious infections based on 1 hospitalization, with infection as a primary diagnosis, at 12 months of life. We performed multivariable analyses, adjusting for maternal demographics, comorbidities, pregnancy complications, and drugs. Results. Among RA offspring, 380 (12.7%) were exposed to TNFi during pregnancy. The percentage ofserious infections in RA offspring with no TNFi exposure (2.0%; 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 1.5, 2.6) was similar to that in non-RA offspring (1.9%; 95% CI 1.9, 2.2), while the percentage of serious infections in RA offspring with TNFi exposure was 3.2% (95% CI 1.5, 5.6). In multivariable analyses, we were unable to establish an increased risk of serious infections in RA offspring exposed to TNFi versus both non-RA offspring (odds ratio [OR] 1.7, 95% CI 0.8, 3.7) and RA offspring unexposed to TNFi (OR 1.4, 95% CI 0.7, 2.8). Conclusion. We did not demonstrate a marked excess risk for serious infections in RA offspring exposed to TNFi during pregnancy versus unexposed RA offspring or general population controls.
A randomized double-blind trial on perioperative administration of probiotics in colorectal cancer patients; AIM: To investigate whether probiotic bacteria, given perioperatively, might adhere to the colonic mucosa, reduce concentration of pathogens in stools, and modulate the local immune function. METHODS: A randomized, double-blind clinical trial was carried out in 31 subjects undergoing elective colorectal resection for cancer. Patients were allocated to receive either a placebo (group A, n = 10), or a dose of 10(7) of a mixture of Sifidobacterium longum (B8536) and Lactobacillus johnsonii (La1) (group B, n = 11), or the same mixture at a concentration of 10(9) (group C, n = 10). Probiotics, or a placebo, were given orally 2 doses/d for 3 d before operation. The same treatment continued postoperatively from day two to day four. Stools were collected before treatment, during surgery (day 0) and 5 d after operation. During the operation, colonic mucosa samples were harvested to evaluate bacterial adherence and to assess the phenotype of dendritic cells (DCs) and lymphocyte subsets by surface antigen expression (flow cytometry). The presence of BB536 and La1 was evaluated by the random amplified polymorphism DNA method with specific polymerase chain reaction probes. RESULTS: The three groups were balanced for baseline and surgical parameters. BB536 was never found at any time-points studied. At day 0, La1 was present in 6/10 (60%) patients in either stools or by biopsy in group C, in 3/11 (27.2%) in group B, and none in the placebo group (P = 0.02, C vs A). There was a linear correlation between dose given and number of adherent La1 (P = 0.01). The rate of mucosal colonization by enterobacteriacae was 30% (3/10) in C, 81.8% (9/11) in B and 70% (7/10) in A (P = 0.03, C vs B). The Enterobacteriacae count in stools was 2.4 (log10 scale) in C, 4.6 in B, and 4.5 in A (P = 0.07, C vs A and B). The same trend was observed for colonizing enterococci. La1 was not found at day +5. We observed greater expression of CD3, CD4, CD8, and naive and memory lymphocyte subsets in group C than in group A with a dose response trend (C > B > A). Treatment didnot affect DC phenotype or activation, but after ex vivo stimulation with lipopolysaccharides, groups C and B had a lower proliferation rate compared to group A (P = 0.04). Moreover, dendritic phenotypes CD83-123, CD83-HLADR, and CD83-11c (markers of activation) were significantly less expressed in patients colonized with La1 (P = 0.03 vs not colonized). CONCLUSION: La1, but not BB536, adheres to the colonic mucosa, and affects intestinal microbiota by reducing the concentration of pathogens and modulates local immunity. (C) 2010 Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Adherence to a long-term progressive resistance training program, combining supervised and home-based exercise for breast cancer patients during adjuvant treatment; Background: The purpose of the study was to examine adherence and identify patient- and treatment-related factors associated with adherence to a 20-week combined supervised and home-based progressive resistance training program in women treated for breast cancer.Methodology: The study population consisted of the intervention group in a randomized clinical trial examining the effect of resistance exercise on lymphoedema prevention (n=82). The full program lasted 50 weeks, with an initial 20 weeks combined supervised and home-based exercise followed by 30 weeks self-administered exercise. Information about attendance rates (supervised exercise) and exercise dairies (home-based exercise) in the first 20 weeks was available for 74 and 62 participants, respectively. Adherence was measured as numbers of exercise sessions performed divided by expected number of exercise sessions with >2/3 categorized as high adherence. Age-adjusted odds ratios (OR) were used to assess the associations between patient- and treatment-related factors with adherence.Results: The number of participants with high adherence to supervised exercise decreased in the late period (from week 11 onward) compared to the early period (65% vs. 48%) whereas the proportion of participants with high adherence to home-based exercise remained close to 55%. The most prominent factor associated with high adherence to supervised exercise was neoadjuvant chemotherapy [OR 7.09; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.12-44.62]. For home-based exercise, lower adherence was seen in obese participants (OR 0.16; 95% CI, 0.04-0.65) and in participants with average or below average lower body muscle strength at baseline (OR 0.12; 95% CI, 0.03-0.46).Conclusion: The results of this study offer valuable information on factors associated with adherence to a program of supervised and home-based exercise. Interventions may be adapted to ensure higher adherence rates through supportive efforts targeted to women who are obese, have low muscle strength and who receive no or adjuvant chemotherapy (as opposed to neoadjuvant chemotherapy) during exercise.
Eating behaviors and health history of rural midlife to older women in the Midwestern United States; This study was conducted to examine daily energy, food group, and nutrient intakes of late midlife to older women living in the rural Midwestern United States compared with recommended intakes for the US population, and to describe their physical measures and health history. Random-digit dialing was used to recruit 225 community-dwelling women aged 50 to 69 years from a rural Midwestern area of the United States. Participants completed online food intake and health history surveys. Nearly half of the women had energy intakes in excess of their Estimated Energy Requirement. Mean daily servings of fruits, grains, and dairy products were below target levels identified in the 2000 Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Mean calcium and dietary fiber intakes were below recommended levels, while percent calories from fat (39.0%+/- 6.8%) were well above recommendations. Eighty percent were overweight or obese and 76% were prehypertensive or hypertensive, yet only 33.5% indicated their health care provider had discussed dietary factors with them in the previous year. Late midlife and older rural Midwestern women, aged 50 to 69 years, need more guidance than they currently receive to learn how to make changes to meet dietary recommendations, particularly with a focus on establishing a more healthful dietary pattern that will be suitable for their older years.
Dietary supplement use and colorectal cancer risk: A systematic review and meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies; Use of dietary supplements is rising in countries where colorectal cancer is prevalent. We conducted a systematic literature review and meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies on dietary supplement use and colorectal cancer risk. We identified relevant studies in Medline, Embase and Cochrane up to January 2013. Original and peer-reviewed papers on dietary supplement use and colorectal cancer, colon cancer, or rectal cancer incidence were included. Use-no use(U-NU), highest-lowest(H-L) and dose-response(DR) meta-analyses were performed. Random-effects models were used to estimate summary estimates. In total, 24 papers were included in the meta-analyses. We observed inverse associations for colorectal cancer risk and multivitamin (U-NU: RR=0.92; 95% CI: 0.87,0.97) and calcium supplements (U-NU: RR=0.86; 95% CI: 0.79,0.95; H-L: RR=0.80; 95% CI: 0.70,0.92; DR: for an increase of 100 mg/day, RR=0.96; 95% CI: 0.94,0.99). Inconsistent associations were found for colon cancer risk and supplemental vitamin A and vitamin C, and for colorectal cancer risk and supplemental vitamin D, vitamin E, garlic and folic acid. Meta-analyses of observational studies suggest a beneficial role for multivitamins and calcium supplements on colorectal cancer risk, while the association with other supplements and colorectal cancer risk is inconsistent. Residual confounding of lifestyle factors might be present. Before recommendations can be made, an extensive assessment of dietary supplement use and a better understanding of underlying mechanisms is needed. What's new? Use of dietary supplements is rising in countries where colorectal cancer is prevalent. In this meta-analysis, the authors analysed the association between dietary supplement use and colorectal cancer risk. The results of the study suggest a beneficial role for multivitamins and calcium supplements on colorectal cancer risk, while the association with other supplements and colorectal cancer risk is inconsistent.
Meta-Analyses of Vitamin D Intake, 25-Hydroxyvitamin D Status, Vitamin D Receptor Polymorphisms, and Colorectal Cancer Risk; Background: Our objective was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies on colorectal cancer (CRC) and vitamin D intake and 25-hydroxyvitamin D status, as part of the World Cancer Research Fund Continuous Update Project. We also aimed at conducting meta-analysis of all studies on CRC and vitamin D receptor (VDR) single-nucleotide polymorphisms. Methods: Relevant studies were identified in PubMed (up to June 2010). Inclusion criteria were original and peer-reviewed publications with a prospective design (for studies on vitamin D intake or status). Random effects of dose-response meta-analyses were performed on cancer incidence. Results: We observed inverse associations of CRC risk with dietary vitamin D [summary relative risk (RR) per 100 IU/day = 0.95, 95% CI: 0.93-0.98; 10 studies; range of intake (midpoints) = 39-719 IU/day] and serum/plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D (RR per 100 IU/L = 0.96, 0.94-0.97; 6 studies; range = 200-1,800 IU/L), but not with total vitamin D (5 studies). Supplemental (2 studies; range = 0-600 IU/day) and total (4 studies; range = 79-732 IU/day) vitamin D intake and 25-hydroxyvitamin D status (6 studies; range = 200-1,800 IU/L) were inversely associated with colon cancer risk. We did not observe statistically significant associations between FokI, PolyA, TaqI, Cdx2, and ApaI VDR polymorphisms and CRC risk. The BsmI polymorphism was associated with a lower CRC risk (RR = 0.57, 0.36-0.89 for BB versus bb, 8 studies). Conclusions: These meta-analyses support the evidence of an inverse association between vitamin D intake, 25-hydroxyvitamin D status, and the BsmI VDR polymorphism and CRC risk. Impact: Improving vitamin D status could be potentially beneficial against CRC incidence. Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev; 20(5); 1003-16. (C) 2011 AACR.
Adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet in relation to obesity among Iranian female nurses; Objective: Limited observational studies have considered habitual consumption of the general population to examine the relationship between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and obesity. The aim of the present study was to investigate adherence to the DASH diet in relation to general and central obesity among female nurses in Isfahan, Iran. Design: Cross-sectional study carried out among 293 female nurses aged > 30 years who were selected by a multistage, cluster random sampling method. Usual dietary intakes were assessed using a validated FFQ. We constructed the DASH score based on foods and nutrients emphasized or minimized in the DASH diet, focusing on eight components: high intake of fruits, vegetables, nuts and legumes, low-fat dairy products and whole grains and low intakes of sodium, sweetened beverages, and red and processed meats. General and abdominal obesity were defined as BMI >= 25 kg/m(2) and waist circumference >= 88 cm, respectively. Setting: Isfahan, Iran. Subjects: Female nurses (n 293) aged > 30 years. Results: Increased adherence to the DASH diet was associated with older age (P < 0.01) and lower waist circumference (P = 0.04). There was no statistically significant difference in the prevalence of general obesity between extreme quartiles of the DASH diet score. After adjustment for age, energy intake and other confounding factors, DASH diet score was not significantly associated with obesity. However, with further controlling for other dietary factors, those in the highest quartile of DASH diet score were 71 % less likely to have general obesity compared with those in the lowest quartile. In addition, following a DASH diet was inversely associated with central obesity after adjustment for potential confounders (OR = 0.37; 95 % CI 0.14, 0.96). Conclusions: We found that adherence to the DASH diet was inversely related to central obesity among Iranian adult females. This association remained significant even after adjustment for potential confounders.
Calcium intake and risk of colon cancer in women and men; Calcium has been hypothesized to reduce the risk of colon cancer, and in a recent randomized trial, calcium supplementation was associated with reduction in the risk of recurrent colorectal adenomas. We examined the association between calcium intake and colon cancer risk in two prospective cohorts, the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and the Health Professionals Follow-up Study (HPFS). Methods: Our study population included 87998 women in NHS and 47 344 men in HPFS who, at baseline (1980 for NHS and 1986 for HPFS), completed a food frequency questionnaire and provided information on medical history and lifestyle factors. Dietary information was updated at least every 4 years. During the follow-up period (1980 to May 31, 1996 for the NHS cohort; 1986 to January 31, 1996 for the HPFS cohort), 626 and 399 colon cancer cases were identified in women and men, respectively. Pooled logistic regression was used to estimate relative risks (RRs), and all statistical tests were two-sided. Results: In women and men considered together, we found an inverse association between higher total calcium intake (>1250 mg/day versus less than or equal to500 mg/day) and distal colon cancer (women: multivariate RR = 0.73, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.41 to 1.27; men: RR = 0.58, 95 % CI = 0.32 to 1.05; pooled RR = 0.65, 95% CI = 0.43 to 0.98). No such association was found for proximal colon cancer (women: RR = 1.28, 95 % CI = 0.75 to 2.16; men: RR 0.92, 95 % CI = 0.45 to 1.87; pooled RR = 1.14, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.81). The incremental benefit of additional calcium intake beyond approximately 700 mg/day appeared to be minimal. Conclusions: Higher calcium intake is associated with a reduced risk of distal colon cancer. The observed risk pattern was consistent with a threshold effect, suggesting that calcium intake beyond moderate levels may not be associated with a further risk reduction. Future investigations on this association should concentrate on specific cancer subsites and on the dose-response relationship.
Dietary calcium, vitamin D, and the risk of colorectal cancer in Stockholm, Sweden; The epidemiology of large bowel cancer suggests an etiological role for dietary factors. Although the evidence is inconsistent, several studies have suggested an inverse association between dietary vitamin D or calcium and colorectal cancer risk. We conducted a population-based case-control study to examine the relationship between dietary vitamin D and calcium and colorectal cancer among residents of Stockholm, Sweden. Between January 1986 and March 1988, 352 cases of colon cancer and 217 cases of rectal cancer diagnosed among living persons residing in Stockholm County were identified via a cancer surveillance network established among all the hospitals in Sweden and the Stockholm Regional Cancer Registry. Controls (512) were randomly selected from a computerized population registry, Dietary intake was assessed using a quantitative food frequency questionnaire focusing on average consumption during the preceding 5 years. Supplemental intake of vitamin D and calcium was not ascertained, Logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) as the measure of association between the exposure of interest (vitamin D or calcium) and cancer risk. Increasing levels of dietary vitamin D were inversely associated with the risk of colorectal cancer. The association was somewhat more pronounced for cancers of the rectum [OR, 0.5; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.3-0.9 between the highest and lowest quartiles] than for cancers of the colon (OR, 0.6; 95% CI, 0.4-1.0) after adjustment for age, sex, and total caloric and protein intake. Dietary calcium was not associated with the adjusted risk of colon (OR, 1.2; 95% CI, 0.7-2.1) or rectal cancer (OR, 1.0; 95% CI, 0.5-1.9). Further adjustments for fat and dietary fiber intake, body mass index, and physical activity had little or no effect on the results. These results suggest that dietary vitamin D may reduce the risk of large bowel cancer, particularly rectal cancer. In addition, although some of the previous data suggested a protective effect for calcium against cancers of the large bowel, we could not document such an effect.
Rapid hematopoietic recovery after multicycle high-dose chemotherapy: Enhancement of filgrastim-induced progenitor-cell mobilization by recombinant human stem-cell factor; Purpose: To assess the mobilization potential and safety of recombinant human stem-cell factor (SCF) when coadministered with filgrastim to untreated women with poor-prognosis breast cancer Patients and Methods: Eligible women had breast cancer with 10 or more positive axillary nodes, or estrogen receptor-negative tumor with 4 positive nodes, or stage III disease. Patients were randomized to receive SCF plus filgrastim or filgrastim alone. Filgrastim 12 mu g/kg daily was administered for 6 days by continuous subcutaneous infusion. SCF was administered by dairy subcutaneous injection at 5, 10, or 15 mu g/kg concurrent with filgrastim for 7 days, or 10 mu g/kg daily starting 3 days before filgrastim for a total of 10 days (SCF pretreatment). Apheresis was performed on days 5, 6, and 7 of filgrastim administration. Patients then had three cycles of epirubicin 200 mg/m(2) and cyclophosphamide 4 g/m(2) every 28 days, each supported by one third of the apheresis product. Results: Sixty-two women were treated. Greater yields occurred in patients who received SCF 10 mu g/kg daily plus filgastim than those who received filgrastim alone (P =.013 for CD34(+) cells; P =.07 far granulocyte-macrophage colony-forming cells [GM-CFCs]). The difference was more marked with SCF-pretreatment than concurrent SCF. Fewer aphereses were required to reach the predetermined target of peripheral-blood progenitor/stem cells (PBPCs) in women who received SCF. SCF was generally well tolerated. Hematologic recovery was rapid after each of the three cycles of chemotherapy. There was no difference in recovery between the different treatment groups. Conclusion: Mobilization of PBPCs by filgrastim is significantly enhanced by coadministration of SCF, and commencing SCF before filgrastim can optimize this effect. SCF has the potential to reduce the number of aphereses required to collect a target number of PBPCs.
Ingenol Mebutate Gel for Actinic Keratosis; BACKGROUND Actinic keratosis is a common precursor to sun-related squamous-cell carcinoma. Treating actinic keratoses and the surrounding skin area (i.e., field therapy) can eradicate clinical and subclinical actinic keratoses. Topical field therapy currently requires weeks or months of treatment. We investigated the efficacy and safety of a new topical field therapy for actinic keratosis, ingenol mebutate gel (0.015% for face and scalp and 0.05% for trunk and extremities). METHODS In four multicenter, randomized, double-blind studies, we randomly assigned patients with actinic keratoses on the face or scalp or on the trunk or extremities to receive ingenol mebutate or placebo (vehicle), self-applied to a 25-cm(2) contiguous field once daily for 3 consecutive days for lesions on the face or scalp or for 2 consecutive days for the trunk or extremities. Complete clearance (primary outcome) was assessed at 57 days, and local reactions were quantitatively measured. RESULTS In a pooled analysis of the two trials involving the face and scalp, the rate of complete clearance was higher with ingenol mebutate than with placebo (42.2% vs. 3.7%, P<0.001). Local reactions peaked at day 4, with a mean maximum composite score of 9.1 on the local-skin-response scale (which ranges from 0 to 4 for six types of reaction, yielding a composite score of 0 to 24, with higher numbers indicating more severe reactions), rapidly decreased by day 8, and continued to decrease, approaching baseline scores by day 29. In a pooled analysis of the two trials involving the trunk and extremities, the rate of complete clearance was also higher with ingenol mebutate than with placebo (34.1% vs. 4.7%, P<0.001). Local skin reactions peaked between days 3 and 8 and declined rapidly, approaching baseline by day 29, with a mean maximum score of 6.8. Adverse events were generally mild to moderate in intensity and resolved without sequelae. CONCLUSIONS Ingenol mebutate gel applied topically for 2 to 3 days is effective for field treatment of actinic keratoses. (Funded by LEO Pharma; ClinicalTrials.gov numbers, NCT00742391, NCT00916006, NCT00915551, and NCT00942604.)
CLINICAL ASSESSMENT AND CORRILATION OF PAP SMEAR AND LIQUID BASED CYTOLOGY IN BAD CERVIX; AIM: Aim of our study to analyze the prevalence of premalignant lesion based on Pap smear and liquid based cytology in patients of bad cervix. OBJECTIVE: To compare sensitivity and specificity of two methods for screening of bad cervix and to know IDR (increase detection rate) of cervical cancer by conventional Pap smear and liquid based cytology. MATERIAL AND METHOD: 200 women attending Gynaecology OPD were random selection on the basis of inclusion criteria. All 200 selected women were subjected for down staging through per speculum examination for identification of bad cervix. Pap smears of all 200 selected women were taken and ensured that no local douche, antiseptic cream and no local internal examination was done on the day of test. The prepared smears were then stained according to Papanicolaou's technique. Liquid based cytology smears preparing by using cervical brush 1-1.5cm were inserted into the cervical os until the large outer bristles of the brush touch ectocervix. Data collected for sociodemographic, parity, down staging clinical examination Pap smear and LBC was organised, interpreted and analysis on appropriate statistical software. P value < 0.05 is considered significant RESULT: Analysis revealed that the maximum number of women in our study are from middle age group(31-40yrs), low socioeconomic status, married before 18 yrs, multipara, do not use any contraceptive, uneducated, urban, Muslim population. in this study more abnormal smear is seen in LBC as compared to pap smear. Sensitivity and specificity for LBC is more as compare to pap smear. CONCLUSION: In low resource setting like ours were facilities for radiology, chemo- radiotherapy and supportive care are limited or unavailable. It is important to identify which resources fill healthcare need most effectively and to consider alternative approaches, LBC is strongly advocated in the best interest of public health, by improving the quality of the sample and reducing the likelihood of false negative cytology result. Thus it will significantly improve early detection and treatment of cervical lesions and reducing morbidity and mortality due to cancer cervix.
Disposition and metabolism of topically administered alpha-tocopherol acetate: A common ingredient of commercially available sunscreens and cosmetics; Skin cancers are a serious health problem in the United States. One common method of skin cancer primary prevention is use of sunscreens. Research has been conducted to ascertain the role of active ingredients of sunscreen products in photoprotection and possible carcinogenesis. In contrast, little is known about the ''other ingredients,'' listed or unlisted, on sunscreen product labels. One such ingredient is vitamin E, usually in the form of alpha-tocopherol acetate. Results of recent studies of skin carcinogenesis in an ultraviolet (UV) B mouse carcinogenesis model suggest that topically applied alpha-tocopherol acetate does not prevent and, under some conditions, enhances skin cancer development and growth, whereas the free unesterified form of alpha-tocopherol significantly reduces experimental UVB carcinogenesis. We have performed a Phase II cancer prevention study to evaluate whether topically applied alpha-tocopherol acetate is absorbed in human skin and metabolizes to the free or other forms. In this double-blind study, 19 men and women >30 years of age who had at least three actinic keratoses on their forearms were randomly assigned to apply alpha-tocopherol acetate (125 mg/g) or difluoromethylornithine cream to their arms twice daily for three months. Blood samples and photographs and punch biopsies of actinic keratoses were obtained before and at the end of the study (Month 4). Plasma and skin concentrations of free alpha-tocopherol, alpha-tocopherol acetate, and gamma-tocopherol were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography at Month 4. The results of this report focus only on data obtained from the 11 participants randomized to the alpha-tocopherol acetate arm of the study. Topically applied alpha-tocopherol acetate was substantially absorbed in skin, with no evidence of conversion within skin to its unesterified form (i.e., free alpha-tocopherol). There was no evidence of systemic availability or biotransformation of topically applied alpha-tocopherol acetate. In summary, we have determined that alpha-tocopherol acetate is not metabolized to the free form of alpha-tocopherol in plasma or skin.
Tacrolimus Reverses UVB Irradiation-Induced Epidermal Langerhans Cell Reduction by Inhibiting TNF-α Secretion in Keratinocytes via Regulation of NF-κB/p65; Background: Topical calcineurin inhibitors including tacrolimus and pimecrolimus are used in the treatment of many inflammatory skin diseases mainly via blocking T-cell proliferation. Our previous studies found that pimecrolimus 1% cream could reverse high-dose ultraviolet B (UVB) irradiation-induced epidermal Langerhans cell (LC) reduction via inhibition of LC migration. We conducted this study to investigate the effects of topical tacrolimus 0.03% ointment on high-dose UVB-irradiated human epidermal LCs. Methods: Twenty fresh human foreskin tissues were randomly divided into four groups as follows: Control, Tacrolimus (0.03%), UVB (180 mJ/cm(2)), and UVB (180 mJ/cm(2)) + Tacrolimus (0.03%). Four time points were set as follows: 0, 18, 24, and 48 h. We collected culture medium and tissues at each time point. The percentage of CD1a+ cells in the medium was detected by means of flow cytometry. Each tissue was prepared for immunohistochemistry, real-time quantitative PCR, and western blot. HaCaT cells were cultured and divided into four groups: Control, Tacrolimus (1 mu g/ml), UVB (30 mJ/cm(2)), and UVB (30 mJ/cm(2)) + Tacrolimus (1 mu g/ml). The cells were incubated for 24 h and prepared for real-time quantitative PCR and western blot. Results: Topical tacrolimus significantly reversed high-dose UVB irradiation-induced epidermal LC reduction and CD1a+ cell increment in culture medium. Tacrolimus significantly inhibited UVB irradiation-induced tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B)/p65 mRNA and protein expression in HaCaT cells. Tacrolimus also significantly inhibited high-dose UVB irradiation-induced TNF-alpha expression in cultured tissues. Finally, TNF-alpha antagonist (recombinant human TNF-alpha receptor II: IgG Fc fusion protein) could significantly reverse UVB irradiation-induced epidermal LC reduction. Conclusion: Topical tacrolimus 0.03% could reverse UVB irradiation-induced epidermal LC reduction by inhibiting TNF-alpha secretion in keratinocytes via regulation of NF-kappa B/p65.
Sunscreen use and skin protection behaviour on the Belgian beach: a comparison 9 years later; Public health campaigns encourage people to protect themselves against skin cancer by using sunscreens and taking other protective measures. The objective is to estimate the impact of these campaigns on the rise of awareness among the general public. This study explores the prevalence and predictors of solar protection behaviour in a sample of beachgoers and compares these results to another similar study carried out 9 years earlier (i.e. summer 2001). During the month of August 2010, a total of 408 participants (144 men and 264 women) were randomly selected on their way to the Belgian beach in the city of Ostend, Belgium. The solar protection behaviour of each participant was assessed by direct observation and an interview. The exact same questions were asked as in 2001. The general risk awareness stays the same for skin aging and skin cancer but gets higher for sunburn. When we control these results for sex, the overall higher general awareness is completely because of the higher awareness of the female subgroup. As in 2001, risk awareness is considerably higher in the female subgroup than in the male one. As in 2001, sunscreen cream was the most popular preventive behaviour in 2010 (use of sunscreen with sun protection factor 15 or higher reported by 66.4%), followed by timed sun exposure (46.8%), use of clothing and hats (36.8%) and shade (34.1%). As in summer 2001 the sunscreen use is more popular in the female population. The use of protective clothing and hats is more popular in the male group. As solar protection has become part of the beach behaviour routine, there is room for improvement for their more frequent application, the use of a higher sun protection factor (15+), timed sunbathing, more use of clothing and hats and seeking shade. The results of this study can assist in evaluating the effectiveness of present sun-protection campaigns and health education programmes. European Journal of Cancer Prevention 21:474-477 (C) 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Supplementation with Brazil nuts and green tea extract regulates targeted biomarkers related to colorectal cancer risk in humans; Se and green tea have been shown in epidemiological, observational and preclinical studies to be inversely related to the risk of developing colorectal cancer (CRC). However, there are limited studies to evaluate their regulatory effects on genes/proteins that relate to CRC oncogenesis in human subjects, such as selenoproteins, WNT signalling pathway, inflammation and methylation. This study examined the effects of supplementation of Se using Brazil nuts and green tea extract (GTE) capsules, alone and in combination, on targeted biomarkers. In total, thirty-two volunteers (>50 years of age) with plasma Se <= 1.36 mu mol/l were randomised to one of three treatment groups: nine to Se (approximately 48 mu g/d) as six Brazil nuts, eleven to four GTE capsules (800mg (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate) and twelve to a combination of Brazil nuts and GTE. Blood and rectal biopsies were obtained before and after each intervention. Plasma Se levels, rectal selenoprotein P (SePP) and beta-catenin mRNA increased significantly in subjects consuming Brazil nuts alone or in combination, whereas rectal DNA methyltransferase (DNMT1) and NF-kappa B mRNA were reduced significantly in subjects consuming GTE alone or in combination. None of the interventions significantly affected rectal acetylated histone H3 or Ki-67 expression at the protein level or plasma C-reactive protein. Effects of the combination of Brazil nuts and GTE did not differ from what would be expected from either agent alone. In conclusion, supplementation of Brazil nuts and/or GTE regulates targeted biomarkers related to CRC oncogenesis, specifically genes associated with selenoproteins (SePP), WNT signalling (beta-catenin), inflammation (NF-kappa B) and methylation (DNMT1). Their combination does not appear to provide additional effects compared with either agent alone.
INVESTIGATION OF SHEEP-ASSOCIATED MALIGNANT CATARRHAL FEVER VIRUS-INFECTION IN RUMINANTS BY PCR AND COMPETITIVE-INHIBITION ENZYME-LINKED-IMMUNOSORBENT-ASSAY; Development of control measures for the gammaherpesviral disease of cattle known as sheep-associated malignant catarrhal fever (SA-MCF) has been hampered by a lack of accurate diagnostic tests either for the causative virus or for antibody against that virus. A recently developed competitive-inhibition enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (CI-ELISA) for the detection of antibody to malignant catarrhal fever (MCF) virus (MCFV) in ruminants based on a monoclonal antibody to a widely conserved epitope of MCFV (H. Li, D, T, Shen, D. P, Knowles, J, R Gorham, and T. B. Crawford, J. Clin, Microbiol, 32:1674-1679, 1994) and a PCR assay based on previously reported primers (S, I, F, Baxter, I, Pow, A Bridgen, and H, W. Reid, Arch. Virol. 132:145-159, 1993) were used to detect anti-MCFV antibody and SA-MCFV DNA in sheep and other ruminants, The PCR amplified a specific 238-bp SA-MCFV genomic DNA fragment from peripheral blood lymphocytes of adult sheep and other ruminants with clinical MCF, Of 144 samples from randomly selected healthy adult sheep, 143 (99%) were positive by PCR and 136 (94%) were positive by CI-ELISA, The agreement between the two assays exceeded 95%. Of nine samples collected from cattle and deer with clinical MCF of apparent sheep origin, seven were CI-ELISA positive and all 9 were PCR positive. Among 59 serum samples from presuckling lambs, none contained antibody detectable by CI-ELISA, After suckling maternal anti-MCFV antibody was detectable for about 10 +/- 3 weeks, Although all colostrum and milk samples from infected ewes were strongly PCR positive, the appearance of detectable SA-MCFV DNA in lambs was correlated generally with antibody patterns, which suggests that the natural infection event in sheep may not occur during the perinatal period hut occurs sometime later in life.
Determination of Urinary Iodine Concentration by Inductively Coupled Plasma-mass Spectrometry in Thyroid Cancer Patients on Low-iodine Diet; Background : Thyroid cancer patients should be on low-iodine diet (LID) before radioactive iodine therapy (RAIT) to maximize the effect of RAIT. Urinary iodine excretion is the most accurate marker of very recent dietary iodine intake. We developed and evaluated the analytical performance of inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) to determine urinary iodine concentration. Methods : We evaluated the linearity, precision, accuracy, and lower limit of quantification (LLOQ) of an ICP-MS method (Agilent 7500ce) to determine urinary iodine concentration in accordance with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) guidelines for bioanalytical method validation. This method was used to determine and compare the iodine concentration in random urine samples of 120 thyroid cancer patients on LID for 1 week and 80 healthy adults on normal diet. Results : Our ICP-MS method showed good linearity (1.0-1,913 mu g/L; R(2)>0.999). Both intra-day and inter-day precision CV were within 20% for the LLOQ (1 mu g/L) and within 15% for the other concentrations. Accuracy was 110-120% for the LLOQ and 95-115% for the other concentrations. The median concentration of iodine in random urine samples from thyroid cancer patients on LID (38.7 mu g/L) was significantly lower than that of healthy subjects (238.8 mu g/L) (P<0.0001). Conclusions : Urinary iodine analysis by ICP-MS showed good linearity, precision, accuracy, wide measuring range of detection, and lower LLOQ. This method will be very useful to evaluate the status of dietary iodine intake and the appropriateness of LID in thyroid cancer patients, thereby maximizing the effect of BAIT. (Korean J Lab Med 2010;30:351-6)
Estrogen Levels in Nipple Aspirate Fluid and Serum during a Randomized Soy Trial; Background: On the basis of hypothesized protective effect, we examined the effect of soy foods on estrogens in nipple aspirate fluid (NAF) and serum, possible indicators of breast cancer risk. Methods: In a crossover design, we randomized 96 women who produced 10 mu L or more NAF to a high-or low-soy diet for 6 months. During the high-soy diet, participants consumed 2 soy servings of soy milk, tofu, or soy nuts (similar to 50 mg of isoflavones per day); during the low-soy diet, they maintained their usual diet. Six NAF samples were obtained using a FirstCyte aspirator. Estradiol (E-2) and estrone sulfate (E1S) were assessed in NAF and estrone (E-1) in serum only, using highly sensitive radioimmunoassays. Mixed-effects regression models accounting for repeated measures and left-censoring limits were applied. Results: Mean E-2 and E1S were lower during the high-soy than the low-soy diet (113 vs. 313 pg/mL and 46 vs. 68 ng/mL, respectively) without reaching significance (P = 0.07); the interaction between group and diet was not significant. There was no effect of the soy treatment on serum levels of E-2 (P = 0.76), E-1 (P = 0.86), or E1S (P = 0.56). Within individuals, NAF and serum levels of E-2 (r(s) = 0.37; P < 0.001) but not of E1S (r(s) = 0.004; P = 0.97) were correlated. E-2 and E1S in NAF and serum were strongly associated (r(s) = 0.78 and r(s) = 0.48; P < 0.001). Conclusion: Soy foods in amounts consumed by Asians did not significantly modify estrogen levels in NAF and serum. Impact: The trend toward lower estrogen levels in NAF during the high-soy diet counters concerns about adverse effects of soy foods on breast cancer risk. Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev; 20(9); 1815-21. (C)2011 AACR.
EFFICACY OF METOPROLOL AND DILTIAZEM IN TREATING SILENT-MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA; Recent studies strongly support the prognostic importance of transient silent ischemia. Because patients with silent ischemia are at higher risk of a cardiac event, they are likely to benefit not only from control of symptoms, but also from treatment directed at prevention of ischemia. The efficacy of controlled-release metoprolol 200 mg once dairy and diltiazem 60 mg 4 times daily was assessed in a randomized, double-blind, crossover study in 32 patients with proven coronary artery disease, predominantly asymptomatic myocardial ischemia, positive bicycle exercise test results, and greater than or equal to 5 minutes of asymptomatic ST-segment depression on a 24-hour screening ambulatory electrocardiogram (ECG). At the beginning and at the end of both 3-week treatment periods, an exercise test was performed and 72-hour ambulatory ECG was recorded. Both active treatment periods were preceded by a 2-week placebo phase. Both treatments effectively reduced and postponed exercise-induced ST depression and reduced the total ischemic integral on the ambulatory ECG. Only metoprolol significantly reduced the mean number of ischemic episodes (54%, p = 0.0003, vs 31% for diltiazem, p = NS) and the mean duration of ischemia (51%, p = 0.012, vs 27% for diltiazem, p NS) compared with baseline values. Metoprolol strongly blunted the morning and afternoon peak in the circadian distribution of ischemia, whereas diltiazem did not change the circadian distribution of ischemia at all.
Development and validation of a lifestyle-based model for colorectal cancer risk prediction: the LiFeCRC score; Background Nutrition and lifestyle have been long established as risk factors for colorectal cancer (CRC). Modifiable lifestyle behaviours bear potential to minimize long-term CRC risk; however, translation of lifestyle information into individualized CRC risk assessment has not been implemented. Lifestyle-based risk models may aid the identification of high-risk individuals, guide referral to screening and motivate behaviour change. We therefore developed and validated a lifestyle-based CRC risk prediction algorithm in an asymptomatic European population. Methods The model was based on data from 255,482 participants in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study aged 19 to 70 years who were free of cancer at study baseline (1992-2000) and were followed up to 31 September 2010. The model was validated in a sample comprising 74,403 participants selected among five EPIC centres. Over a median follow-up time of 15 years, there were 3645 and 981 colorectal cancer cases in the derivation and validation samples, respectively. Variable selection algorithms in Cox proportional hazard regression and random survival forest (RSF) were used to identify the best predictors among plausible predictor variables. Measures of discrimination and calibration were calculated in derivation and validation samples. To facilitate model communication, a nomogram and a web-based application were developed. Results The final selection model included age, waist circumference, height, smoking, alcohol consumption, physical activity, vegetables, dairy products, processed meat, and sugar and confectionary. The risk score demonstrated good discrimination overall and in sex-specific models. Harrell's C-index was 0.710 in the derivation cohort and 0.714 in the validation cohort. The model was well calibrated and showed strong agreement between predicted and observed risk. Random survival forest analysis suggested high model robustness. Beyond age, lifestyle data led to improved model performance overall (continuous net reclassification improvement = 0.307 (95% CI 0.264-0.352)), and especially for young individuals below 45 years (continuous net reclassification improvement = 0.364 (95% CI 0.084-0.575)). Conclusions LiFeCRC score based on age and lifestyle data accurately identifies individuals at risk for incident colorectal cancer in European populations and could contribute to improved prevention through motivating lifestyle change at an individual level.
The feasibility of the Prostate cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) dietary and physical activity modifications: a qualitative study; Background: There is increasing evidence that low levels of physical activity and diets low in fruit and vegetables and high in meat and dairy products are risk factors for prostate cancer disease progression. The Prostate cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) aimed to assess a diet and physical activity intervention in men undergoing radical prostatectomy for localized prostate cancer. The trial included a qualitative component to explore the experiences of men participating in the trial in order to understand the acceptability of the intervention and data collection methods. We report the qualitative findings of the trial and consider how these can be used to inform future research. Methods: PrEvENT involved randomizing men to either a dietary and/or physical activity intervention. Semistructured interviews were conducted with a purposive sample of 17 men on completion of the 6 month trial. Interviews took place in clinic or as telephone interviews, if requested by the participant, and were audio recorded, transcribed, and analyzed using the thematic-based framework approach. Analysis was conducted throughout the data collection process to allow emergent themes to be further explored in subsequent interviews. Results: Three overarching themes were identified: acceptability of the intervention, acceptability of the data collection methods and trial logistics. Participants were predominantly positive about both the dietary and physical activity interventions and most men found the methods of data collection appropriate. Recommendations for future trials include consideration of alternative physical activity options, such as cycling or gym sessions, increased information on portion sizes, the potential importance of including wives or partners in the dietary change process and the possibility of using the pedometer or other wearable technology as part of the physical activity intervention. Conclusions: We provide insight into the opinions and experiences of the acceptability of the PrEvENT diet and physical activity intervention from the participants themselves. The interventions delivered were acceptable to this sample of participants, as were the data collection methods utilized. We also highlight some considerations for further behavioural change interventions in prostate cancer and other similar populations.
Randomized double-blind study of the Reliefband as an adjunct to standard antiemetics in patients receiving moderately-high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy; Goals. Our goal was to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of the Reliefband as an adjunct to standard antiemetics in patients receiving moderately-high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy. Patients and methods. Forty-nine adult cancer patients receiving moderately-high or highly emetogenic chemotherapy were randomized to receive either the active Reliefband (n=26) or an inactive device (n=23). Patients continued to receive all scheduled and as needed antiemetic agents as prescribed. The device was worn the day of chemotherapy administration for 5 days (days 1-5). Patients maintained a daily dairy of nausea severity, vomiting and retching episodes, and antiemetic medications taken. Each patient completed a Functional Living Index Emesis (FLIE) and a tolerability survey at the conclusion of the study. A Wilcoxon rank sum test was used to compare the number of vomiting episodes, severity of nausea and FLIE scores between the two groups. Main results. Patients wearing the active Relifband experienced less vomiting (Reliefband 1.9 versus inactive device 4.6 mean episodes; p=0.05), retching (1.4 versus 3.6 mean episodes; p=0.05), and nausea severity (0.91 versus 1.65 mean cm/day; p=0.01) over the 5-day period compared to patients wearing the inactive device. Vomiting was statistically significantly reduced during the delayed period (0.42 versus 1; p=0.032), whereas nausea was significantly reduced during the acute (0.71 versus 2.3; p=0.028) and delayed (1.8 versus 3.3; p=0.020) periods. FLIE scores did not differ between the two treatment groups (91 versus 80; p=0.088). Conclusions. This study suggests that patients receiving moderately-high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy who experience nausea and vomiting despite scheduled antiemetics may benefit from the use of the Reliefband as an adjunct to antiemetics. Limitations of this study include differences in risk factors for emesis, chemotherapy, and antiemetic regimens. A larger, better, controlled randomized study is needed to better define optimal use of this device.
Peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance cyflufenamid; Cyflufenamid is a new active substance for which in accordance with Article 6 (2) of Council Directive 91/414/EEC2 the United Kingdom received an application from Nisso Chemical Europe GmbH for inclusion in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC. Complying with Article 6 of Directive 91/414/EEC, the completeness of the dossier was evaluated and confirmed by Commission Decision 2003/636/EC3. Following the agreement between the EU-Commission and the EFSA for the EFSA to organise a peer review of those new active substances for which the decision on the completeness of the dossier had been published after June 2002, the designated rapporteur Member State, the United Kingdom made the report of its initial evaluation of the dossier on cyflufenamid, hereafter referred to as the draft assessment report (DAR), available, which was received by EFSA on 30 January 2006. The peer review was initiated on 10 May 2006 by dispatching the draft assessment report for consultation of the Member States and the notifier. Subsequently, the comments received on the DAR were examined by the rapporteur Member State in the reporting table. This table was evaluated by EFSA to identify the remaining issues which were agreed during a written procedure in May 2007. The identified issues as well as further data made available by the notifier upon request were evaluated in a series of scientific meetings with Member State experts in November-December 2007. A final consultation on the outcome of the experts. discussion took place during a written procedure with Member States in February -March 2009 leading to the conclusions as laid down in this report. The conclusion was reached on the basis of the evaluation of the representative uses as a fungicide as proposed by the notifier, which comprise foliar spraying to winter and spring cereals against powdery mildew. Full details of the GAPs can be found in the attached end points. The representative formulated product for the evaluation was, NF-149 EW., an oil-in-water emulsion EW), containing 50 g/L cyflufenamid. Sufficient analytical methods as well as methods and data relating to physical, chemical and technical properties are available to ensure that quality control measurements of the plant protection product are possible. Adequate methods are available to monitor all compounds given in the respective residue definition in food/feed of plant origin and environmental matrices, however a data requirement was identified in relation to the method for plants. A data requirement was identified for a monitoring method for the residues in food of animal origin. In mammals, cyflufenamid is not acutely toxic via oral, dermal or inhalation routes; it is not a skin or eye irritant or skin sensitiser. In the short-term toxicity studies the dog was the most sensitive species showing alterations in the liver function and brain vacuolation. The relevant oral No Observed Adverse Effect Level NOAEL) is 4.1 mg/kg bw/day 1-year dog study). Cyflufenamid did not show any genotoxic potential. Increased incidences of thyroid tumours and hepatocellular adenomas were observed in male rats and mice, respectively, however, these were not considered to be of relevance for the risk assessment. The relevant NOAEL from the long-term toxicity and carcinogenicity studies is 4.4 mg/kg bw/day rat study). No specific effect on the reproductive parameters was found in multigeneration studies with rats: the relevant parental and offspring NOAEL is 18 mg/kg bw/day, whereas the reproductive NOAEL is 57 mg/kg bw/day. Tested in developmental toxicity studies, cyflufenamid did not cause malformations in the rat or rabbit: the relevant maternal NOAELs are 100 mg/kg bw/day and 5 mg/kg bw/day rat and rabbit, respectively); the relevant developmental NOAELs are 1000 mg/kg bw/day highest dose level tested) for rat, and 10 mg/kg bw/day for rabbit based on skeletal effects enlarged anterior fontanels and retardation of ossification). The Acceptable Daily Intake ADI) of 0.04 mg/kg bw/day was derived from the chronic rat study applying a safety factor SF) of 100. The Acute Reference Dose ARfD) is 0.05 mg/kg bw NOAEL for maternal toxicity from the developmental rabbit studies, SF of 100). The Acceptable Operator Exposure Level AOEL) of 0.03 mg/kg bw/day rounded) is based on the 1-year dog study with a correction for oral absorption of 70% and a safety factor of 100. The operator, worker and bystander exposure was estimated to be below the AOEL even without the use of personal protective equipment. The metabolism of cyflufenamid was investigated in wheat and rotational crops. The metabolism was found to be moderate. Besides cyflufenamid, its E-isomer 149-E)-FB4 and further metabolites 149-F-2-OH-B5, 149-F-4-OH-B6, 149-F-a-OH-B7, 149-F8 and 149-F4BGlu9) were identified. The meeting of experts decided to include the E-isomer in the residue definition for plant matrices based on the assumption that the analytical methods used in the residue trials and for monitoring cannot separate the two isomers. The notifier was asked to confirm this assumption. Based on the results of a confined rotational crop study, no residues above the LOQ are expected in parts of rotational crops intended for human consumption. Dietary burden calculations showed a significant intake of cyflufenamid through cereal straw and grain for dairy and beef cattle only. A metabolism study on ruminants was submitted and showed low transfer of residues into milk and tissues. Cyflufenamid was the main radioactive component in fat. However, in other tissues and milk, the metabolite 149-F110 was the main radioactive component. The meeting of experts decided to include 149-(E)-FB and 149-F1 in the residue definitions for animal matrices. It was concluded that bioaccumulation of cyflufenamid is not expected, and that no significant residues are expected in food of animal origin after feeding with cereal grain and straw treated according to the notified cGAP. MRLs for wheat, triticale, rye and barley were proposed provisionally on the basis of the residue trials on wheat and barley, pending confirmation that the analytical method used in the residue trials covers the residue definition for food in plant matrices. MRLs for animal matrices should be set at the LOQ when an analytical method for animal products is available. A chronic and acute dietary intake estimate was carried out by the rapporteur Member State. The theoretical maximum daily intake (TMDI) was below 1% of the ADI and the national estimated short-term intake (NESTI) maximum 2% for all considered consumer groups. In soil under aerobic conditions cyflufenamid exhibits low to high persistence forming the soil metabolites: 149-F (low to moderate persistence), 149-F1111 (low persistence), 149-F1 (high to very high persistence), 149-F612 (very high persistence). Mineralisation to carbon dioxide represented less than 0.1% of the applied radioactivity (AR) in the fluorinated phenyl-labelled study, and represented 49.8% AR at 45 days in the cyclopropyl-labelled study. The formation of unextractable residues was a sink, accounting for 27.0-36.8% AR after 45-120 days. Cyflufenamid exhibits slight to low mobility in soil, with the four metabolites indicated above exhibiting very high mobility in soil. There was no indication that adsorption of any of these compounds was pH dependant. In dark natural sediment-water systems cyflufenamid dissipated from the water phase with a first-order DT50 of 3.6-5.0 days. Cyflufenamid partitioned to the sediment with a peak concentration measured 14 days after dosing of 63.0-64.8% AR. The more prominent degradation products in both systems were 149-F11 (maximum 15.5% AR in water and maximum 6.8% AR in sediment) and 149-F (maximum 7.1% AR in water and maximum 8.6% AR in sediment). The terminal metabolite, CO2, was a small sink in the material balance accounting for a maximum of 0.5-3.5% of the applied fluorinated phenyl-U-[C-14] cyflufenamid. Unextracted sediment residues were a sink representing 8.4-19.1% of this radiolabel at the study end. The available surface water exposure assessment for cyflufenamid and for the metabolites 149-F and 149-F11 only considered the spray drift route of entry to surface water bodies, as FOCUS SW was not available when the DAR of cyflufenamid was written. The potential contamination of ground water by cyflufenamid and its soil metabolites 149-F, 149-F1, 149-F6 and 149-F11, when used according to the proposed representative uses, was assessed with FOCUS GW PELMO (v. 3.3.2) model and the relevant scenarios. The results showed that for cyflufenamid and for the metabolites 149-F and 149-F11 no annual average concentration in the percolate at 1m soil depth exceeding 0.001 mu g/L is to be expected. The concentrations for the metabolite 149-F1 are in the range of 0.011 - 0.546 mu g/L. The concentration of 0.1 mu g/L is exceeded in 7 out of 9 European FOCUS scenarios parameterised for winter cereals. For the metabolite 149-F6 the estimated PECgw are > 0.75 mu g/L in all the simulated scenarios (80th percentile annual average concentration at 1m ranged from 1.566 rho g/L to 5.623 mu g/L). The toxicological assessment was able to conclude that the metabolites 149-F1 and 149-F6 are not relevant concerning groundwater at the expected concentrations. Cyflufenamid is not expected to be transferred to the atmospheric compartment and the potential for long-range transport may be considered negligible. The acute, short-term and long-term risk to herbivorous and insectivorous birds and the acute and long-term risk for herbivorous and insectivorous mammals was low for the representative uses in cereals at an application rate of 25 g a. s./ha. The risk from secondary poisoning and from the uptake of contaminated drinking water to birds and mammals can be considered as low. Aquatic organisms were more sensitive to the lead formulation, NF-149 EW.. The potential exposure of surface water with the parent compound cyflufenamid and the soil major metabolites 149-F, 149-F1 and 149-F11 via the drainage and run-off routes of entry has not been assessed. The EFSA considers that the main route of exposure was via drift. Therefore, in case the new PECsw for the run-off and drainage are considered, it is expected that these would be lower than those obtained with the drift. The risk to aquatic organisms for the representative uses of cyflufenamid and its relevant metabolites can be regarded as low for exposure via drift. The resulting BCF (bioconcentration factor) exceeds the Annex VI trigger value of 100 for not readily biodegradable compounds. Nevertheless, the risk from bioconcentration in fish is considered to be low as more than 95% depuration was observed in 14 days. Low acute and chronic risk to earthworms was assessed from the representative uses of cyflufenamid and its relevant metabolites. The risk to bees, non-target arthropods, soil non-target macro-organisms, soil non-target micro-organisms, non-target terrestrial plants and biological methods for sewage treatment was assessed as low.
Recombinant milk fat globule-EGF factor-8 reduces apoptosis via integrin β3/FAK/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in rats after traumatic brain injury; Accumulating evidence suggests neuronal apoptosis has the potential to lead to more harmful effects in the pathological processes following traumatic brain injury (TBI). Previous studies have established that milk fat globule-EGF factor-8 (MFG-E8) provides neuroprotection through modulation of inflammation, oxidative stress, and especially apoptosis in cerebral ischemia and neurodegenerative disease. However, the effects of MFG-E8 on neuronal apoptosis in TBI have not yet been investigated. Therefore, we explored the role of MFG-E8 on anti-apoptosis and its potential mechanism following TBI. In the first set of experiments, adult male Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were randomly divided into Sham and TBI groups that were each further divided into five groups representing different time points (6 h, 24 h, 72 h, and 7 days) (n=9 each). Western blotting, quantitative real-time PCR, and immunofluorescence staining were performed to identify the expression and cellular localization of MFG-E8. In the second set of experiments, four groups were randomly assigned: Sham group, TBI + Vehicle group, and TBI + rhMFG-E8 (1 and 3 mu g) (n=15). Recombinant human MFGE8 (rhMFG-E8) was administrated as two concentrations through intracerebroventricular (i.c.v.) injection at 1 h after TBI induction. Brain water content, neurological severity score, western blotting, and immunofluorescence staining were measured at 24 and 72h following TBI. In the final set of experiments, MFG-E8 siRNA (500 pmol/3 mu l), integrin beta 3 siRNA (500 pmol/3 mu l), and PI3K inhibitor LY294002 (5 and 20 mu M) were injected i.c.v. and thereafter rats exposed to TBI. Western blotting, immunofluorescence staining, brain water content, neurological severity score, and Fluoro-Jade C (FJC) staining were used to investigate the effect of the integrin-beta 3/FAK/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway on MFG-E8-mediated anti-apoptosis after TBI. The expression of MFG-E8 was mainly located in microglial cells and increased to peak at 24 h after TBI. Treatment with rhMFG-E8 (3 mu g) markedly decreased brain water content, improved neurological deficits, and reduced neuronal apoptosis at 24 and 72 h after TBI. rhMFG-E8 significantly enhanced the expression of integrin-beta 3/FAK/PI3K/AKT pathway-related components. Administration of integrin-beta 3 siRNA and LY294002 (5 and 20 mu M) abolished the effect of rhMFG-E8 on antiapoptosis and neuroprotection after TBI. This study demonstrated for the first time that rhMFG-E8 inhibits neuronal apoptosis and offers neuroprotection. This is suggested to occur through the modulation of the integrin-beta 3/FAK/PI3K/AKT signaling pathway, highlighting rhMFG-E8 as a potentially promising therapeutic strategy for TBI patients.
The effect of grazing forage containing condensed tannins on gastro-intestinal parasite infection and milk composition in Angora does; The objective of this study was to evaluate effects of the condensed tannin (CT)-containing forage sericea lespedeza (sericea lespedeza (SL); Lespedeza cuneata; 15.2% CT), on fecal egg count (FEC), larval development (larvae/10 g of feces), worm burden and immune response compared with a crabgrass (Digitaria ischaemum)/Kentucky 31 tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea; control forage (CTF)) forage low in CT (0.32% CT) in grazing Angora does and their kids. Fifty worm-free mixed-age does were randomly allocated to three treatments. One treatment (10 does; initial liveweight (LW) = 45 +/- 1.5 kg) entailed grazing of SL forage from April 25 to July 15, 2002 with a second treatment of CTF (20 does; initial LW 43 +/- 1.4 kg) grazing during the same period. Does of the third treatment (20 does; initial LW = 44 1.4 kg) grazed a sward of SL for 2 weeks and then one of CTF for 2 weeks followed by alternating between the two pastures every 2-week rotational grazing (ROT). To gauge levels of infective larvae on pasture, three worm-free Angora kids (initial LW = 3.6 +/- 0.2 kg) were randomly selected as tracers. Tracers grazed for final 60 days and were euthanized for determination of worm burden. The immune response of does was measured by skin thickness reaction after the intradermal injection of 250 jig phytohemagglutinin (PHA). Mean FEC for SL and ROT were substantially lower (P < 0.0 1) than for CTF does (145, 329 and 894 eggs/g, respectively). The FEC for kids was lower (P < 0.05) for SL than for ROT and CTF (550, 2757 and 3600 eggs/g, respectively). Total fecal egg output (3.3, 6.0 and 26.9 x 10(5) eggs/day, respectively) and larval development (242, 263 and 792 larvae/ 10 g, respectively) were lower (P < 0.05) for SL and ROT than for CTF. Tracers grazing on SL had lower total worm burdens than ROT and CTF (P < 0.01). The immune response was higher (P < 0.01) for SL (4.9 mm) and ROT (6.0 mm) than for CTF (3.0 mm) at 12 h after injection of PHA. The packed cell volume (PCV) in does was higher (P < 0.01) for SL and ROT than for CTF (27, 26 and 23%, respectively). Does that grazed CT-containing forage had considerably lower milk somatic cell counts (SCC) than does grazing non-CT-containing forage. In summary, grazing CT forages reduced FEC, larval development and worm burden, and also appeared to enhance immune response. The CT-containing forage SL reduced gastro-intestinal parasite infections of Angora does and kids. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Nutritional treatment with an immune-modulating enteral formula alleviates 5-fluorouracil-induced adverse effects in rats; Cancer chemotherapy is frequently accompanied by adverse effects, such as diarrhoea and leukopenia, which lead to malnutrition and a decrease in the patients' quality of life. We previously demonstrated that an immune-modulating formula (IMF)-an enteral formula enriched with immunonutrients, whey-hydrolysed peptides, and fermented milk-had anti-inflammatory effects and protective effects on intestinal disorders in some experimental models. Here, we investigated whether nutritional treatment with the IMF could prevent 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-induced adverse effects in rats. Rats were randomised into CTR and IMF groups, which received a control formula or the IMD supplemented formula ad libitum. Two weeks after starting the formula, rats were intraperitoneally injected with 5-FU (300 mg/kg) on day 0. The treatment with 5-FU decreased their body weights, food intake, and leukocyte counts, and worsened the diarrhoea score. However, the body weights, food intake, and leukocyte counts were significantly higher in the IMF rats than in the CTR rats on day 1. The IMF also delayed the incidence of diarrhoea and significantly preserved the villus heights in the jejunum on day 2. In conclusion, nutritional treatment with the IMF alleviated the adverse effects induced by 5-FU injection in rats.
Over-expression of Zip-13 mRNA in kidney and lung during dietary zinc deficiency in Wistar rats; Zinc is an essential nutrient for all organisms, which is involved in the function of numerous key enzymes in metabolism. Two gene families have been identified involved in zinc homeostasis. ZnT transporters reduce intracellular zinc while Zip transporters increase intracellular zinc. Previous studies in our laboratory have shown that Zip-1, ZnT-1, Zip-2 and LIV-1 mRNA are associated with zinc level in established human breast cancer in nude mice model. In this study, six zinc transporters: ZnT-1, ZnT-2, ZnT-4, Zip-1, Zip-8 and Zip-13 were chosen. We aim to determine the relation between zinc transporters and zinc level in kidney and lung of Wistar rats. Eighteen Wistar rats were randomly divided into three groups: normal group, zinc-deficiency group and pair-fed group. After 22 days, the rats were killed and organs samples were taken, then zinc transporters mRNA were detected by RT-PCR. Compared with the normal group, Zip-13 shows an up-regulation (P < 0.05) in zinc-deficiency group both in kidney and lung, and Zip-8 was significantly lower (P < 0.05) in zinc-deficiency group in kidney.
Mouse mammary tumor virus-based vector transduces non-dividing cells, enters the nucleus via a TNPO3-independent pathway and integrates in a less biased fashion than other retroviruses; Background: Mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV) is a complex, milk-born betaretrovirus, which preferentially infects dendritic cells (DC) in the gastrointestinal tract and then spreads to T and B lymphocytes and finally to the mammary gland. It is not clear how the prototypic betaretrovirus infects mucosal DCs and naive lymphocytes as these cells are considered to be non-proliferative. Studies of MMTV biology have been hampered by the difficulty of obtaining sufficient virus/vector titers after transfection of a molecular clone in cultured cells. To surmount this barrier we developed a novel MMTV-based vector system with a split genome design containing potent posttranscriptional regulatory functions. Results: Using this system, vector particles were produced to markedly greater titers (> 1000-fold) than those obtained previously. The titers (> 106 transduction units /ml) were comparable to those achieved with lentiviral or gammaretroviral vectors. Importantly, the vector transduced the enhanced green fluorescence protein gene into the chromosomes of non-dividing cells, such as cells arrested at the G2/M phase of the cell cycle and unstimulated hematopoietic progenitor cells, at an efficiency similar to that obtained with the HIV-1-based vector. In contrast to HIV-1, MMTV transductions were not affected by knocking down the expression of a factor involved in nuclear import of the HIV-1 pre-integration complexes, TNPO3. In contrast to HIV-1, the MMTV-based vector did not preferentially integrate in transcription units. Additionally, no preference for integration near transcription start sites, the regions preferentially targeted by gammaretroviral vectors, was observed. The vector derived from MMTV exhibits a random integration pattern. Conclusions: Overall, the betaretroviral vector system should facilitate molecular virology studies of the prototypic betaretrovirus as well as studies attempting to elucidate fundamental cellular processes such as nuclear import pathways. Random integration in cycling and non-cycling cells may be applicable in unbiased gene delivery.
Nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge of undergraduate students at the University of Ibadan, Nigeria; Objective: This study assessed the nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge and dietary pattern of undergraduate students.Design: A cross-sectional study design was employed.Setting: The University of Ibadan campus, Ibadan, Oyo state, Nigeria.Participants: A systematic random sampling of 367 undergraduate students was done. Method: A pretested self-administered questionnaire assessed the nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge of the participants based on WCRF/AICR guidelines. A food frequency questionnaire was used to evaluate the dietary pattern. Weight, height, waist and hip circumferences, body mass index and waist:hip ratio were measured and computed based on standard procedures.Results: Less than half (49%) had good nutrition-related knowledge of cancer prevention. About 30.0-40.0% frequently consumed legumes/nuts, vegetables and fruits respectively. About 75.0% frequently consumed processed cereals and grains (white rice, white bread and noodles). Above 20.0% were overweight, while 3.8% were obese. Less than 75.0% had low risk of abdominal obesity while 25.5% had high risk of abdominal obesity. Nutrition knowledge of cancer prevention was associated with the frequency of consumption of processed cereals and grains ((2) = 13.724; p= 0.000), legumes/nuts ((2) = 17.268; p = 0.000), meat ((2)= 22.972; p = 0.000), fish (2) = 23.017; p = 0.000), pastry snacks ((2) = 36.159; p = 0.000) and sugary drinks (2= 6.432; p = 0.011). There was no significant difference in knowledge of cancer prevention and the frequency of consumption of roots and tubers, milk, vegetables, and fruits. A higher risk of abdominal obesity was associated with infrequent consumption of legumes/nuts (2= 7.001, p = 0.008) in the males, and with vegetables (2= 6.771, p = 0.009) and fruits (2= 4.205, p = 0.040) intakes in the females.Conclusion: Nutrition-related knowledge of cancer prevention was low, and the respondents also had a poor dietary pattern. The high risk of abdominal obesity may be a pointer to the larger young adult population, emphasising a need for targeted intervention.
Metabolic Responses of Healthy or Prediabetic Adults to Bovine Whey Protein and Sodium Caseinate Do Not Differ; Background: Casein is considered a slowly digestible protein compared with whey protein, and this may cause differences in hormone responses and the kinetics of delivering amino acids into the circulation. Objective: We investigated whether postprandial plasma hormone and metabolite responses were different when bovine casein or whey protein was co-administered with carbohydrates in healthy and prediabetic adults. Methods: White healthy male adults (n = 15) and white, well-defined male and female prediabetic adults (n = 15) received test drinks randomly on 3 different occasions at least 2 d apart which contained 50 g of maltodextrin19 (MD19) alone or in combination with 50 g of whey protein isolate (WPI) or 50 g of sodium caseinate (SC). Blood samples were collected over a 240-min time period and were analyzed for hormone profiles and defined metabolites. Results: No evidence was found that gastric emptying was different between the 2 protein drinks. Both proteins increased peak plasma insulin concentrations in prediabetic persons by 96% compared with MD19 (each, P < 0.05), which was accompanied by a reduction of peak venous blood glucose by 21% (each, P < 0.0001) without a difference between the 2 proteins. Peak plasma glucagon concentrations increased by 101% in both groups after the protein drinks (P < 0.05). The WPI drink also increased peak plasma glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide concentrations in healthy volunteers by 56% (P < 0.01). Differences in plasma metabolite concentrations in volunteers could be attributed exclusively to the differences in the amino acid composition of the 2 proteins ingested. Conclusion: The WPI and the SC drinks similarly reduced postprandial glucose excursions when ingested with carbohydrates in healthy and prediabetic volunteers. Under our experimental conditions, however, no evidence was found that gastrointestinal processing of the 2 protein varieties differed substantially. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as DRKS00005682.
Effects of dietary energy on antioxidant capacity, glucose-lipid metabolism and meat fatty acid profile of Holstein bulls at different ages; This experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of dietary energy on antioxidant capacity, liver glucose-lipid-related gene expressions and meat fatty acid of Holstein bulls. Thirty-six Holstein bulls (age, 17.0 +/- 0.49 months; body weight, 493.3 +/- 39.7 kg) were randomly allocated to three dietary treatments. The metabolizable energy of diets was 10.12, 10.90 and 11.68 MJ/kg. Bulls in each dietary treatment were sampled at the age of 20, 23 or 26 months. Results showed that serum glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase decreased with the increasing age. Dietary energy and age had interaction effects on the expressions of fatty acid synthase, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha, acyl coenzyme A oxidase 1 and carnitine palmitoyl-transferase 1 alpha. Besides, the increase of age and dietary energy increased the expression of liver phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1. The expressions of liver glucose-6-phosphatase, tumour necrosis factor alpha and sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 increased with the increasing age. The increase of age and dietary energy increased the proportions of C18:1cis-9, C18:2n-6transand monounsaturated fatty acid. In summary, the increase of age and dietary energy enhanced the intensity of metabolic changes and inflammatory responses. Dietary energy and age affected the expressions of liver lipid metabolism-related genes, further affected meat fatty acid composition of Holstein bulls.
Long-term intake of egg white hydrolysate attenuates the development of hypertension in spontaneously hypertensive rats; This paper evaluates the effect of the long-term intake of a hydrolysate of egg white with pepsin (HEW), with a potent angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory activity, on the development of hypertension of spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). After being weaned, male 3-week-old SHR were randomly divided into five groups that were given until the 20th week of life the following drinking fluids: (1) tap water, (2) non-treated egg white 1 g/kg/day, (3) captopril 100 mg/kg/day, (4) HEW 0.5 g/kg/day, and (5) HEW 1 g/kg/day. From the 20th to 25th week of life, animals from all groups were given tap water. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were measured weekly in the rats, from the 6th to 25th week of life, by the tail cuff method. Development of hypertension was attenuated in the groups treated with captopril and HEW (P < 0.001 vs. the group that drunk tap water). At the 20th week of life, the arterial blood pressure values of the different groups of rats were: tap water (SBP=219.5 5 +/-.7, DBP=167 +/- 3.7), non-treated egg white (SBP=206.4 +/- 1.43, DBP=166.4 +/- 4.9), captopril (SBP=131.7 +/- 2.74, DBP=91.5 +/- 1.62), HEW 0.5 g/kg/day (SBP=182.9 +/- 4.64, DBP=127.5 +/- 2.1) and HEW 1 g/kg/day (SBP=177.7+4.72, DBP=120.1 +/- 2.4). SBP and DBP increased in the treated SHR when the corresponding antilrypertensive treatment was removed. In spite of this, SBP remained lower in the SHR that had received captopril and HEW than in the SHR of the control groups (P < 0.05). The present results suggest that HEW could be used as a functional food with antiltypertensive activity. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Bovine lactoferrin binds oleic acid to form an anti-tumor complex similar to HAMLET; alpha-Lactalbumin (alpha-LA) can bind oleic acid (OA) to form HAMLET-like complexes, which exhibited highly selective anti-tumor activity in vitro and in vivo. Considering the structural similarity to alpha-LA, we conjectured that lactoferrin (LF) could also bind OA to obtain a complex with anti-tumor activity. In this study, LF-OA was prepared and its activity and structural changes were compared with alpha-LA-OA. The anti-tumor activity was evaluated by methylene blue assay, while the apoptosis mechanism was analyzed using flow cytometry and Western blot. Structural changes of LF-OA were measured by fluorescence spectroscopy and circular dichroism. The interactions of OA with LF and alpha-IA were evaluated by isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC). LF-OA was obtained by heat-treatment at pH 8.0 with LD50 of 4.88, 4.95 and 4.62 mu M for HepG2, HT29, and MCF-7 cells, respectively, all of which were 10 times higher than those of alpha-LA-OA. Similar to HAMLET, LF-OA induced apoptosis in tumor cells through both death receptor- and mitochondrial-mediated pathways. Exposure of tryptophan residues and the hydrophobic regions as well as the loss of tertiary structure were observed in LF-OA. Besides these similarities, LF showed different secondary structure changes when compared with alpha-IA, with a decrease of alpha-helix and beta-turn and an increase of beta-sheet and random coil. ITC results showed that there was a higher binding number of OA to LF than to alpha-LA, while both of the proteins interacted with OA through van der Waals forces and hydrogen bonds. This study provides a theoretical basis for further exploration of protein-OA complexes. (C) 2013 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
Alcohol consumption and urinary concentration of 6-sulfatoxymelatonin in healthy women; Consumption of alcoholic beverages may suppress circulating melatonin levels at night, possibly resulting in an increase in circulating estrogen. An increased estrogen burden could increase the risk of breast cancer. This study was designed to investigate whether alcohol consumption is associated with a decrease in nighttime melatonin levels in a group of healthy women. A total of 203 randomly selected healthy women between the ages of 20 and 74 years were recruited for a broader study of the effects of exposure to power-frequency magnetic fields on nocturnal levels of urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin. FOE. the purposes of this analysis, data collection consisted of the following during two seasons of the year: CI) an in-person interview, (2) a dairy activity diary, and (3) nocturnal urine collection for each of 3 consecutive nights. We found that the nocturnal urinary concentration of the primary metabolite of melatonin (6-sulfatoxymelatonin) decreased in a dose-dependent manner with increasing consumption of alcoholic beverages in the preceding 24-hour period, after taking into account the independent effects on melatonin of age, hours of darkness, use of medications that affect melatonin levels, and body mass index. A categorical analysis revealed no effect of one drink, but a 9% reduction with two drinks, a 15% reduction with three drinks, and a 17% reduction with four or more drinks. It remains unknown whether such a change could affect estrogen levels or breast cancer risk.
Should dietary salt restriction be a basic component of antihypertensive therapy?; The general intake of salt (sodium chloride) is much higher than the recommended allowances, in part because of added salt in food industry processed food. However, population studies have not been able to show an association between salt intake and unfavorable health outcome. Based on population studies and randomized studies, the effect of an extreme salt reduction of 100 mmol on blood pressure in hypertensive persons is about one third of the effect of antihypertensive medications. This effect-size estimate is based on single measurements of blood pressure and is probably overestimated compared with 24-hour blood pressure measurements. Salt reduction has effects on heart rate and serum levels of renin, aldosterone, catecholamines, and lipids that may be unfavorable. Because of insufficient compliance, extreme salt reduction can only be obtained if salt in food industry processed food is eliminated. The full consequences of such elimination are not known. Other nonpharmacological interventions, such as weight reduction and diets including fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, are probably easier to implement and more effective to decrease blood pressure than salt reduction. Furthermore, salt reduction does not seem to add to the effect size when combined with other nonpharmacological interventions. Salt sensitivity due to sodium channel mutations has been shown in a minority of blacks but not in Caucasians. In conclusion, at present, dietary salt restriction should not be a basic component of antihypertensive therapy.
Silibinin Effect on Methotrexate-Induced Hepatotoxicity in Rats; Objective: Hepatotoxicity is one of the major side effects of methotrexate and limits its use. In this study, we investigated the hepatoprotective effect of silibinin and the role of oxidative stress markers and cytokines on high-dose methotrexate-induced hepatotoxicity in rats. Materials and Methods: In this study, rats were randomly divided into 5 groups (n = 7). Methotrexate (20 mg/kg, intraperitoneally) was administered on the first day in all groups except control. Silibinin was injected for 5 days to methotrexate-silibinin25, methotrexate-silibinin50, and methotrexate-silibinin 100 groups at a dose of 25, 50, arid 100 mg/kg/day, respectively. On the sixth day. blood and liver samples were obtained and rats were sacrificed. Serum total antioxidant capacity, total oxidant status, total thiol, native thiol, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate transaminase, bilirubin, albumin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interleukin-10 levels were measured. In addition, a histopathological evaluation of liver tissues was performed. Results: Methotrexate reduced total antioxidant capacity and increased disulfide/total thiol ratio. Histopathologic examination revealed that methotrexate increased hepatic damage and 50 mg/kg/dose of silibinin prevented inflammatory cell infiltration in particular. Conclusion: Our results suggest that silibinin (50 mg/kg/day) may reduce the hepatic damage in rnethotrexate-induced hepatotoxicity in rats by increasing antioxidant capacity.
The mechanism of action and clinical benefits of soy for the treatment of hyperpigmentation; Background Hyperpigmentation disorders are common and diverse conditions that may require treatment for medical and/or cosmetic reasons. Hyperpigmented lesions can reduce patients' quality of life, self-perception, and social and vocational functioning. The most commonly used treatments for hyperpigmentation include topical agents, such as hydroquinone, retinoids and azelaic acid. Objectives Current topical treatments have significant limitations; they often do not produce adequate results and may be limited by adverse effects, such as dermatitis. Soy and soy-based products have demonstrated a wide range of potential benefits for health and nutrition, including a range of dermatological effects. Methods Research from the last decade has identified multiple mechanisms by which soy-derived products may affect skin pigmentation, as well as photodamage and photoaging, overall skin health, and even the risk for and progression of skin cancer. Results Preclinical evidence has demonstrated that soy-derived serine protease inhibitors affect skin pigmentation by inhibiting protease-activated receptor-2-mediated phagocytosis of melanosomes by keratinocytes. Conclusion Soy-based products containing these serine protease inhibitors may represent a new therapeutic option for dermatological treatment. Indeed, recent evidence from randomized clinical studies supports the safe and effective use of soy products for the treatment of hyperpigmentation.
URINARY CYCLIC-AMP ANALYZED AS A FUNCTION OF SERUM-CALCIUM AND PARATHYROID-HORMONE IN DIFFERENTIAL-DIAGNOSIS OF HYPERCALCEMIA; Urinary cyclic AMP (UcAMP) appropriate for the serum Ca concentration was determined in normal subjects during the base-line state and during alteration in their serum Ca concentrations by saline and Ca infusions. This was compared to the UcAMP in 76 patients with hypercalcemia and 5 patients with hypocalcemia. In 54 of 56 patients with primary hyperparathyroidism, the UcAMP was inappropriately high for their serum Ca concentration, the 2 exceptions having renal failure. In 4 patients with vitamin D intoxication, sarcoidosis, milk-alkali syndrome and thiazide-induced hypercalcemia and in 5 patients with hypocalcemia due to hypoparathyroidism, the UcAMP was appropriately low for their serum Ca concentration. In 16 patients with nonparathyroid neoplasms, 10 had UcAMP levels that were inappropriately high suggesting ectopic parathyroid hormone (PTH)-mediated hypercalcemia and 6 had UcAMP levels that were appropriately low, suggesting that their hypercalcemia was due to osteolytic factors other than PTH. Correlations between UcAMP, serum Ca concentration and carboxy-terminal immunoreactive PTH suggest that random UcAMP is a sensitive accurate reflection of circulating biologically active PTH. If there is adequate renal function (serum creatinine concentration less than 2.0 mg/dl), a random UcAMP expressed as .mu.mol/g creatinine and analyzed as a function of the serum Ca concentration completely separates patients with PTH and non-PTH-mediated hypercalcemia.
Effects of a Mediterranean Diet Intervention on Anti- and Pro-Inflammatory Eicosanoids, Epithelial Proliferation, and Nuclear Morphology in Biopsies of Normal Colon Tissue; This randomized trial evaluated the effects of intervention with either a Healthy Eating or a Mediterranean diet on colon biomarkers in 120 healthy individuals at increased colon cancer risk. The hypothesis was that eicosanoids and markers of proliferation would be favorably affected by the Mediterranean diet. Colon epithelial biopsy tissues and blood samples were obtained at baseline and after 6 mo of intervention. Colonic eicosanoid concentrations were evaluated by HPLC-MS-MS, and measures of epithelial proliferation and nuclear morphology were evaluated by image analysis of biopsy sections. There was little change in proinflammatory eicosanoids and in plasma cytokine concentrations with either dietary intervention. There was, however, a 50% increase in colonic prostaglandin E-3 (PGE(3)), which is formed from eicosapentanoic acid, in the Mediterranean arm. Unlike PGE(2), PGE(3), was not significantly affected by regular use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs at baseline, and normal weight subjects had significantly higher colon PGE(3) than overweight or obese subjects. Increased proliferation in the colon at baseline, by Ki67 labeling, was associated with morphological features that defined smaller nuclei in the epithelial cells, lower colon leukotriene concentrations and higher plasma cytokine concentrations. Dietary intervention had little effect on measures of epithelial proliferation or of nuclear morphology. The increase in PGE(3) with a Mediterranean diet indicates that in normal colon, diet might affect protective pathways to a greater extent than proinflammatory and proliferative pathways. Hence, biomarkers from cancer models might not be relevant in a true prevention setting.
Favorable Outcomes Using an eHealth Approach to Promote Physical Activity and Nutrition Among Young African American Women; Background: Internet and mobile devices are widely used and provide alternative approaches for promoting healthy lifestyles, yet less information is available describing outcomes of these approaches when used with young African American (AA) women at risk for developing hypertension. Objective: In this study, we evaluated a Web-based, culturally relevant lifestyle change intervention targeting AA women (referred to as the eHealth study). Methods: African American women, aged 18 to 45 years, with untreated prehypertension and Internet access were eligible for a 12-week study that incorporated social cognitive theory strategies. Participants were randomized to (1) lifestyle physical activity (PA) or (2) Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) online education modules. Results: The 14 DASH and 12 PA participant attributes were similar at baseline. The DASH participants had a significant change in total DASH score (P = .001) and large effect sizes for DASH components (vegetables, 0.84; nonfat dairy, 0.71; fruit, 0.62). The PA participants had a favorable change (+39%) in pedometer steps (P = .055). With respect to weight change, a large effect size was observed for PA (0.84) and smaller for DASH participants (0.18). Seventy-one percent of DASH and 48% of PA participants completed program activities, corresponding to a moderate difference in program engagement between groups (d = 0.58). Conclusion: Our eHealth platform provides an alternative approach for reaching young AA women and was successful with respect to improving PA and dietary behaviors. Furthermore, the eHealth approach has the potential as a powerful program for changing health behaviors for other at-risk populations.
Grape seed extract and chromium nicotinate reduce impacts of heat stress in Simmental x Qinchuan steers; To assess the impacts of grape seed extract (GSE) fed with or without chromium nicotinate (CN) on beef steers under heat stress conditions, 40 Simmental x Qinchuan steers (400 +/- 10 days old; 410 +/- 8.0 kg) were randomly assigned to one of four diets (n = 10 per group): basal diet (CON group); basal diet + 33 mg/day CN (CN group); basal diet + 65 mg/kg DM GSE (GSE group); and basal diet + 33 mg/day CN + 65 mg/kg DM GSE (CN + GSE group). This study was conducted in summer and the steers were housed in outdoor shaded pens (10 steers/pen) and fed individually. The experiment lasted for 35 days, the first 7 days for diet and housing condition adaptation. The amount of feed intake was recorded daily; individual bodyweight was recorded on Days 8, 22, and 36. On Day 36 before feeding, six steers per group were slaughtered for collection of blood and tissue samples. Average daily liveweight gain and dry matter intake of steers were increased by the GSE, CN, and CN + GSE treatments (P < 0.05). Dietary treatments increased the activities of glutathione peroxidase and total superoxide dismutase in plasma (P < 0.05) and plasma concentration of interleukin 10 on Days 22 and 36 (P < 0.05), whereas decreased plasma concentration of tumour necrosis factor-alpha on Day 22 (P < 0.05). Overall, supplementation of GSE alone or with CN had positive effects on the growth performance of steers under heat stress conditions.
L233P mutation of the Tax protein strongly correlated with leukemogenicity of bovine leukemia virus; The bovine leukemia virus (BLV) Tax protein is believed to play a crucial role in leukemogenesis by the virus. BLV usually causes asymptomatic infections in cattle, but only one-third develop persistent lymphocytosis that rarely progress after a long incubation period to lymphoid tumors, namely enzootic bovine leucosis (EBL). In the present study, we demonstrated that the BLV tax genes could be divided into two alleles and developed multiplex PCR detecting an L233P mutation of the Tax protein. Then, in order to define the relationship between the Tax protein and leukemogenicity, we examined 360 tumor samples randomly collected from dairy or breeding cattle in Japan, of which Tax proteins were categorized, for age at the time of diagnosis of EBL. The ages of 288 animals (80.0%) associated with L233-Tax and those of 70 animals (19.4%) with P233-Tax individually followed log-normal distributions. Only the two earliest cases (0.6%) with L233-Tax disobeyed the log-normal distribution. These findings suggest that the animals affected by EBL were infected with the virus at a particular point in life, probably less than a few months after birth. Median age of those with P233-Tax was 22. months older than that with L233-Tax and geometric means exhibited a significant difference (P < 0.01). It is also quite unlikely that viruses carrying the particular Tax protein infect older cattle. Here, we conclude that BLV could be divided into two categories on the basis of amino acid at position 233 of the Tax protein, which strongly correlated with leukemogenicity. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A proposed method to determine fumonisin exposure from maize consumption in a rural South African population using a culturally appropriate FFQ; Objective To develop an FFQ for estimating culture-specific maize intake that can distinguish between home-grown and commercial maize. Home-grown maize is more likely to be contaminated with fumonisins, mycotoxins that are associated with increased risk of oesophageal cancer. Design An existing FFQ developed for use in urban Xhosa populations was used as the initial framework for the maize-specific FFQ (M-FFQ). The existing questionnaire contained 126 food items divided into ten food groups (bread, cereals, vegetables, fruit, meat, dairy, snacks, condiments, beverages and fat). The M-FFQ was developed based on additional data obtained from a literature search, 24 h recalls (n 159), in-depth interviews (n 4), focus group discussions (n 56) and expert consultation. Food items available in local shops (n 3) were compared with information obtained from focus group discussions. Setting Five villages in two rural isiXhosa-speaking areas of the Eastern Cape Province, known to have a high incidence of oesophageal cancer, were randomly selected. Subjects Women aged 18-55 years were recruited by snowball sampling and invited to participate. Results The final M-FFQ comprised twenty-one maize-based food items, including traditional Xhosa dishes and beverages. The questionnaire focused on maize-specific dishes and distinguished between home-grown maize and commercial maize consumption. Conclusions A culturally specific dietary assessment method was designed to determine maize consumption and therefore fumonisin exposure. The questionnaire will be tested against 24 h recalls and other methods to determine its validity, after which it will be used in various epidemiological studies to determine fumonisin exposure.
Influence of days of the week on reported food, macronutrient and alcohol intake among an adult population in south western Finland; Objective: To study the influence of the days of the week on calculated food and nutrient intake. Study design: Daily variation in food and nutrient intake was studied by using 4-, 5- and 7-d estimated food records, all including Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Subjects and setting: Two groups of untreated hypertensive patients (60 men and 31 women, aged 31-55 y, and 132 men and 94 women, aged 35-54 y) and a random population sample of 131 men and 139 women, aged 35-64 y, all from the City of Turku and three neighbouring municipalities in south western Finland. Results: The intakes of meat and meat products, carbohydrate, alcohol and energy varied significantly across the week in all study groups with increased intakes of meat and meat products an Saturday and Sunday, of carbohydrate and alcohol on Friday and Saturday, and of energy on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Food and nutrient intakes did not vary consistently with weekdays (Monday to Thursday) with the exception of alcohol intake being lowest on Monday. Macronutrient, alcohol and energy intake data calculated from the 5-d (Monday, Tuesday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday) and from 5 to 7d converted food records were nearly equal to and correlated highly (r = 0.96-0.98) with the data calculated from the 'true' 7 d retards. Conclusion: The dairy variation in food and nutrient intakes should be taken into consideration when food diaries are recorded. 5-d food records including two weekdays (from Monday to Thursday) and Friday, Saturday and Sunday is recommended.
Dietary status with demographic and anthropometric variables and some health affecting risk factors in people of Southeastern Iran: A population-based study (KERCADRS); Background: Dietary pattern is influenced by lifestyle, genetic, cultural, and socioeconomic factors. We investigated the status of prudent (PDP) and imprudent (IDP) dietary patterns and their relationship with demographic and anthropometric variables and health conditions in an urban population of Southeastern Iran. Methods: The study was conducted on 9997 people aged 15-80 years randomly selected using one-stage cluster sampling. Demographic and anthropometric measurements were recorded through face-to-face interview, and their nutritional status was assessed by the food frequency questionnaire. PDP and IDP were identified based on scoring to the type and daily/weekly frequency of foods consumed and their production methods. Results: Fifty nine percent of the participants were females. PDP participants reported daily intake of whole grains (99.5%), fruits (66.5%), and unsaturated oil (88.6%). Daily intake of sweets and high fat dairy products were 55.7% and 46%, respectively. Women (64.8% vs 35.2 %) and people with diabetes (p<0.001), hypertension (p<0.01), and higher BMI (p<0.02) had healthier dietary status. People with lower education, cigarette smokers and opium users had a higher rate of IDP (all p<0.001). The dietary pattern improved with aging (AOR of IDP decreased from 1 in 15-24 years to 0.20 for 65-75 years) (p<0.001). Conclusion: Younger people, men and those with lower education had unhealthier dietary pattern. It seems that dietary behavior is more related to the individuals' tendencies and taste preferences. Modification of nutritional behaviors of the population and leading young people, men, and those with lower education to improve their dietary pattern is recommended.
Effect of angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitory peptide from rice dregs protein on antihypertensive activity in spontaneously hypertensive rats; Background: Angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory peptide has good effect on blood pressure regulation. Therefore, research to find and develop safer, effective and economical ACE inhibitors is necessary for the prevention and remedy of hypertension. So food-derived ACE inhibitory peptides isolated from food or from enzymatic digestion of food proteins are the safe and efficient substitution for human health. Objective: To investigate the effect of rice dreg enzymatic hydrolysates as an anti-hypertensive in vivo with spontaneous hypertension rats (SHRs). Design: The once-oral administration experiments with rice dreg hydrolysates peptide (RDHP) in different doses were conducted using 6 weeks old spontaneous hypertension rats as the test model. Twenty five SHRs were randomized into five groups according to blood-pressure level. The group A is blank control group, the group B positive control group (Captopril), the group C (1.0 mg/kg), the group D (RDHP 10 mg/kg) and group E (RDHP 50 mg/kg). The administration approach is to fill in stomach by mouth. The blood pressure value was observed for each group. The long term oral administration design was conducted for one month. Twenty four SHRs were randomized into 3 groups. The first group is the blank control, the second group is low dose (RDHP 10 mg/kg) and the third group is high dose (RDHP 20 mg/kg). In administration period, blood pressure was measured for once a week. Outcomes: The once-oral administration animal experiments showed that the blood pressure of SHR drop was 11 mmHg, 17 mmHg, 26.00 mmHg, 17 mmHg at a dosage of 1 mg/kg, 10 mg/kg, 50 mg/kg hydrolysates and 1 mg/kg captopril, respectively, after I h administration. The results of long-term oral administration indicated that the blood pressure drop was 17 mmHg, 26 mmHg in 10 mg/kg and 20 mg/kg, respectively after 30 days administration. RDHP not only promoted the growth of SHR, but also had no adverse effect on heart rate. Conclusions: The present study indicated the inhibitory peptides from rice dreg hydrolysate had significant antihypertensive action and no other side effects by oral administration in SHR.
A Nested Case-Control Study of Female Breast Cancer in Karunagappally Cohort in Kerala, India; Lifestyle factors related to breast cancer risk were examined in a case-control study nested in a cohort in Karunagappally, Kerala, South India. We sought interviews with all the residents in Karunagappally with the population of 385,103 (191,149 males and 193,954 females) in the 1991 census and established a cohort of 359,619 (93% of the population in 1991) in 1990. For analysis 264 breast cancer cases with age >= 20 years were selected from 438 breast cancer cases reported during the period 1990-2004 and for each case 3 non-cancer controls were randomly selected matched for age, religion and place of residence through the Cancer Registry, Karunagappally. Conditional logistic regression was used for the analysis. In the present study, in addition to a low number of pregnancies (P < 0.001 and P for trend < 0.001), more frequent intake of roots and tubers except tapioca (cassava) (OR for >= 5 times = 1.56, 95% CI = 1.09, 3.09, P for trend < 0.05), milk drinking (OR = 1.78, 95% CI = 1.17-2.69, P < 0.01) and consumption of chicken meat (OR = 1.84, 95% CI = 1.09-3.09, P < 0.05) were found to increase breast cancer risk. The present study further showed that consumption of tapioca which is a commonly used food item in South India, particularly in Kerala, reduced breast cancer risk (OR = 0.55, 95% CI = 0.37-0.83, P < 0.01). Risk analysis was attempted among pre-and post-menopausal women separately and similar odds ratio were obtained. Consumption of tapioca (cassava) decreased risk of developing breast cancer among premenopausal women (P < 0.001 and OR = 0.35, 95% CI = 0.18, 0.65) and a low number of pregnancies (P < 0.01), consumption of roots & tubers (P < 0.05), usage of chicken meat (P = 0.05) increased the risk of breast cancer among post-menopausal women. Further studies seem warranted to confirm the possible protective effect of tapioca consumption. There is an increasing need of breast cancer prevention programs responsive to the cultural practices of the people and the study results should provide leads to cancer control programs especially in rural areas.
Comparison of solid-state-cultured and wood-cultured <i>Antrodia</i> <i>camphorata</i> in anti-inflammatory effects using NF-κB/luciferase inducible transgenic mice; Purpose: Antrodia camp horata (AC), a highly valued polypore mushroom native only to Taiwan, has been traditionally used as a medicine for the treatment of food and drug intoxication, diarrhea, abdominal pain, hypertension, skin itching, and cancer. In this study, both of solid-state-cultured AC (S-AC) and woodcultured AC (W-AC) were evaluated the anti-inflammatory effects on hyperoxia-induced lung injury in NF-kappa 13-luciferase(+/+) transgenic mice. Methods: The homozygous transgenic mice (NF-kappa 13-luciferase(+/+)) were randomly assigned to four groups for treatment (n = 6) including Normoxia/DMSO group, Hyperoxia/DMSO group, Hyperoxia/S-AC group, and Hyperoxia/W-AC group. After 72 h of hyperoxia, we examined the bioluminescence images, reactive oxygen species (ROS), the mRNA and protein expression levels of inflammation factors, and histopathological analyses of the lung tissues. Results: Hyperoxia-induced lung injury significantly increased the generation of ROS, the mRNA levels of IL-6, TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta and IL-8, and the protein expression levels of IKK alpha/beta, iNOS and IL-6. Pulmonary edema and alveolar infiltration of neutrophils was also observed in the hyperoxia-induced lung tissue. However, treatment with either S-AC or W-AC obviously decreased hyperoxia-induced generation of ROS and the expression of IL-6, TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-8, IKK alpha/beta and iNOS compared to hyperoxia treatment alone. Lung histopathology also showed that treatment with either S-AC or W-AC significantly reduced neutrophil infiltration and lung edema compared to treatment with hyperoxia treated alone. To find out their major compounds, eburicoic acid and dehydroeburicoic acid were both isolated and identified from S-AC and W-AC by using HPLC, MS, and NMR spectrometry. Conclusions: These results demonstrated that methanolic extracts both of S-AC and W-AC have excellent anti-inflammatory activities and thus have great potential as a source for natural health products. (C) 2014 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Effects of Two-Month Consumption of 30 g a Day of Soy Protein Isolate or Skimmed Curd Protein on Blood Lipid Concentration in Russian Adults with Hyperlipidemia; Recently the American Heart Association has reported that favorable effects of soy protein on blood lipids were characteristic only for high amounts of soy protein and not observed for an intake less than 30 g/d. However. the period of the studies with the smaller amount was 4-6 wk and we thought a longer study was necessary for the conclusion. The death rate by heart disease is very high in Russia; therefore, we have done this study in Russian subjects with hyperlipidemia. Prior to the study we tried to find a favorable method for subjects to take 30 g protein a day from soybean protein isolate (SPI) or skimmed curd protein (SMP) and decided to use Russian style cookies. Thirty subjects with hyperlipidemia were recruited; however. due to the 5-mo long study 28 of them (19 females and 9 males aged 50+/-2 y) could complete the trial. They were randomly assigned to two groups and were given either cookie for 2 mo separated by a month-long washout interval in a cross-over design. Fasting blood samples were drawn before and after the dietary treatments. Fasting blood samples at 1 mo were also measured as a health check and to observe the trends of the blood parameters in the middle of the study period. Serum samples were used for the lipid and other biochemical measurements. Every month for 3 non-consecutive days, energy and nutrient intakes were assessed and physical activity was estimated by pedometer. With the consumption of SPI for 2 mo. concentrations of total-cholesterol changed from 280+/-7 to 263+/-8 mg/dL (-6.5%. p=0.0099). HDL-cholesterol from 57.4+/-2.5 to 62.6+/-2.9 mg/dL (+9%, p=0.0047), non-HDL-cholesterol (total-cholesterol-HDL-cholesterol) from 223+/-7 to 201+/-8 mg/dL (-11%. p=0.0023) and triglycerides from 204+/-23 to 173+/-19 mg/dL (-18%, p=0.022). There were no significant changes with SMP (p>0.05). Thus, administration of 30 g SPI a day for 2 mo confirmed its favorable effects on serum lipids in Russians with hyperlipidemia.
Effects of maternal choline supplementation on performance and immunity of progeny from birth to weaning; The objectives were to investigate whether supplementation with rumen-protected choline (RPC) during late pregnancy in Holstein cows affects offspring immunity and growth, and whether effects are uteroplacental, colostrum dependent, or both. A total of 105 multiparous Holstein cows were assigned randomly to a prepartum diet (1.54 Mcal of NEL/kg of DM, and 15.8% CP) without (control) or with added RPC (12.9 g/d of choline ion). Calves (n = 111) were blocked by sex and assigned randomly to colostrum from control cows or colostrum from RPC cows, resulting in 4 treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement: (1) calves born and fed colostrum from non-supplemented dams (NN; n = 33); (2) calves from non-supplemented dams and fed colostrum from RPC-fed cows (NC; n = 25); (3) calves from RPC-supplemented dams and colostrum from non-supplemented cows (CN; n = 28); and (4) calves from RPC-supplemented dams and colostrum from RPC-fed cows (CC; n = 25). Growth, intakes, and immunity of females were evaluated up to 56 d of age. Growth and intake of male calves was evaluated up to 35 d of age, and physiological and immune responses to intravenous LPS challenge were evaluated from 21 to 35 d of age. Effects of prenatal and colostrum treatments and interactions between treatments were analyzed using mixed models. Calves fed colostrum from RPC-supplemented dams had a 17.4% increase in apparent efficiency of absorption of IgG compared with calves fed colostrum from control dams (27.4 vs. 23.3%). Incidence of fever in the first 21 d of age tended to be less in females born from RPC-supplemented dams compared with females born from control dams (31 vs. 58%). Prenatal RPC females had increased hematocrit and concentrations of red blood cells, leukocytes, neutrophils, and lymphocytes in blood compared with prenatal females born from control dams. Compared with prenatal control females, prenatal RPC females had greater intake of milk replacer (704 vs. 748 +/- 9.9 g/d) and starter (45.4 vs. 60.2 +/- 5.9 g/d) during the first 21 d of age. In male calves, mean intake of DM was greater (1,074 vs. 976 +/- 45 g/d) after the LPS challenge (0 to 8 d) by calves born from dams fed RPC compared with males born from control dams. Calves born from RPC-fed dams also had lower mean rectal temperature (39.0 vs. 39.2 degrees C) and mean respiration rate (35.6 vs. 39.3 breaths/min) compared with males born from control dams. Moreover, serum concentrations of metabolites (i.e., beta-hydroxybutyric acid, fatty acids, and glucose), cytokines (i.e., tumor necrosis factor-alpha) and acute phase proteins (i.e., serum amyloid A) were consistent with less-severe inflammatory response to LPS in males born from dams fed RPC compared with control. Source of colostrum and interaction between prenatal and colostrum treatments had minimal effects on calf responses to LPS. Overall, maternal RPC supplementation during late gestation suggests a positive effect on immunity, in that colostrum from RPC-fed dams increased efficiency of IgG absorption and maternal supplementation with RPC during late gestation, regardless of colostrum source, attenuated responses to LPS.
A review and meta-analysis of red and processed meat consumption and breast cancer; The relationship between meat consumption and breast cancer has been the focus of several epidemiological investigations, yet there has been no clear scientific consensus as to whether red or processed meat intake increases the risk of breast cancer. We conducted a comprehensive meta-analysis incorporating data from several recently published prospective studies of red or processed meat intake and breast cancer. In the meta-analysis utilising data from the Pooling Project publication (includes data from eight cohorts) combined with data from nine studies published between 2004 and 2009 and one study published in 1996, the fixed-effect summary relative risk estimate (SRRE) for red meat intake (high v. low) and breast cancer was 1.02 (95% CI 0.98, 1.07; P value for heterogeneity = 0.001) and the random-effects SRRE was 1.07 (95% CI 0.98, 1.17). The SRRE for each 100 g increment of red meat was 1.04 (95% CI 1.00, 1.07), based on a fixed-effects model, and 1.12 (95% CI 1.03, 1.23) based on a random-effects model. No association was observed for each 100 g increment of red meat among premenopausal women (SRRE 1.01; 95% CI 0.92, 1.11) but a statistically significant SRRE of 1.22 (95% CI 1.04, 1.44) was observed among postmenopausal women using a random-effects model. However, the association for postmenopausal women was attenuated and non-significant when using a fixed-effects model (SRRE 1.03; 95% CI 0.98, 1.08). The fixed-and random-effect SRRE for high (v. low) processed meat intake and breast cancer were 1.00 (95% CI 0.98, 1.01; P value for heterogeneity = 0.005) and 1.08 (95% CI 1.01, 1.16), respectively. The fixed-and random-effect SRRE for each 30 g increment of processed meat were 1.03 (95% CI 1.00, 1.06) and 1.06 (95% CI 0.99, 1.14), respectively. Overall, weak positive summary associations were observed across all meta-analysis models, with the majority being non-statistically significant. Heterogeneity was evident in most analyses, summary associations were sensitive to the choice of analytical model (fixed v. random effects), and publication bias appeared to have produced slightly elevated summary associations. On the basis of this quantitative assessment, red meat and processed meat intake does not appear to be independently associated with increasing the risk of breast cancer, although further investigations of potential effect modifiers, such as analyses by hormone receptor status, may provide valuable insight to potential patterns of associations.
Sources of phytoestrogen exposure among non-Asian women in California, USA; Objective: We recently described the development of a comprehensive database for assessing phytoestrogen exposure in epidemiologic studies [1]. This paper describes the first application of this database and the primary sources of phytoestrogen consumption in non-Asian women. Methods: Four hundred and forty-seven randomly selected African-American, Latina, and white women, ages 50 79 years, residing in California's San Francisco Bay Area and participating as controls in an ongoing population-based case-control study of breast cancer, were included in the present analysis. Average daily consumption of each of seven phytoestrogenic compounds was determined for each woman by combining the values from the new database with food consumption reported on a food-frequency questionnaire. Results: Phytoestrogens in the non-Asian Bay Area diet appear to come primarily from: (1) traditional soy-based foods (e.g. tofu and soy milk); (2) "hidden" sources of soy (e.g. foods containing added soy protein is concentrate, or soy flour, e.g. many brands of doughnuts and white bread); and (3) a variety of foods which contain only low to moderate amounts of phytoestrogens per 100 grams but which are frequently consumed (e.g. coffee and orange juice). Conclusions: In the absence of a comprehensive assessment of various phytoestrogens in a wide variety of foods, epidemiologic studies could suffer from the effects of uncontrolled confounding by unmeasured sources of phytoestrogen exposure potentially leading to biased estimates of effect and misinterpretation of findings.
Total polyphenol intake estimated by a modified Folin-Ciocalteu assay of urine; Background: Plant polyphenols have been studied largely because of the possibility that they might underlie the protective effects afforded by fruit And vegetable intake against cancer and other chronic diseases. Measurement of polyphenol content excreted in urine as an indicator of potyphenol consumption may offer a routine screening method that could be used for these pathologies. Methods: Thirty-six healthy volunteers each received 1 interventions, one with a polyphenol-rich food (cocoa beverage) and one with a polyphenol-free food (milk) as a control, in a randomized cross-over design with 1-week intervals. The total polyphenol content excreted in urine during the 6 h after consumption of the test meals was measured by a modified Folin-Ciocalteu assay after sample cleanup by solid-phase extraction. Results: The mean (SD) concentrations of polyphenols excreted in the urine 6 h after consumption of the test meals differed significantly: 140.95 (49.27) mg catechin/g of creatinine after the polyphenol-rich meal vs 90.43 (46.07) mg catechin/g of creatinine after the control meal (P < 0.05). Conclusions: This method allows analysis of a large number of samples per day, which is ideal for use in epidemiologic studies and may enable estimation of polyphenol consumption and determination of their possible role in preventing of certain pathologies, such as cancer, cardiovascular and degenerative diseases. (c) 2006 American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
Effects of fructo-oligosaccharides ingestion on fecal bifidobacteria and selected metabolic indexes of colon carcinogenesis in healthy humans; Fructo-oligosaccharides (FOS) are a mixture of oligosaccharides consisting of glucose linked to fructose units. They are not digested in the human small intestine but fermented in the colon, where they could specifically promote the growth of some species of the indigenous microflora, especially bifidobacteria. We assessed in healthy humans the effects of FOS ingestion on fecal bifidobacteria and selected metabolic indexes potentially involved in colonic carcinogenesis. Twenty volunteers randomly divined into two groups were studied for three consecutive 12-day periods. During the ingestion period, they received 12.5 g/day FOS or placebo (saccharose) in three oral doses. Stools were regularly collected and analyzed. FOS ingestion led to an increase in fecal bifidobacterial counts [7.9 +/- 0.5 to 9.1 +/- 0.3 (SE) log colony-forming units/g wet wt, p < 0.01] and beta-fructosidase activity (9.6 +/- 1.9 to 13.8 +/- 1.9 IU/g dry wt, p < 0.01). In contrast, FOS ingestion had no significant effect on fecal total anaerobes, pH, the activities of nitroreductase, azoreductase, and beta-glucuronidase, and the concentrations of bile acids and neutral sterols. We conclude that ingestion of FOS, at a clinically tolerated dose of 12.5 g/day, led to an increase in colonic bifidobacteria. This effect was not associated in healthy humans with beneficial changes in various factors potentially involved in the pathogenesis of colonic cancer.
Depigmented genital extramammary Paget's disease: A possible histogenetic link to Toker's clear cells and clear cell papulosis; Background: The histogenesis of extramammary Paget's disease (EMPD) is still controversial. Benign pagetoid cells of the nipple first described by Toker and the similar clear cells found in white maculo-papules of clear cell papulosis (CCP) have been proposed to he potential precursor cells giving rise to EMPD and primary intraepidermal Paget's disease in the nipple. The observation of a rare case of depigmented EMPD provided us with a chance to examine further the interesting Toker's clear cell/CCP hypothesis. Methods: We performed pathologic studies, including Fontana-Masson stain and immunostaining for AE1/AE3 and S100P, on a new case of depigmented EMPD manifesting a 4 X 3 cm hypopigmented-depigmented patch on the root of the penis. Results: The lesion showed extensive intraepithelial proliferation of atypical pagetoid cells with markedly reduced epidermal melaninization but nearly normal numbers of melanocytes. The tumor cells were strongly positive for AE1/AE3 by immunostaining. Some tumor cells displayed tadpole-like morphology resembling the pagetoid cells of CCP. Such morphology was not observed in two random examples of non-depigmented genital EMPD. Conclusions: The findings of tadpole-shaped pagetoid cells and depigmentation in the present case suggest that depigmented EMPD may be histogenetically related to CCP. Depigmented EMPD should be considered in the differential diagnosis of vitiligo, depigmented mycosis fungoides and lichen sclerosus located along the milk line.
Effects of oral intake of heat-killed <i>Lactobacillus brevis</i> SBC8803 (SBL88™) on dry skin conditions: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Lactobacilli are important in intestinal homeostasis,which involves the regulation of immune function, digestive health, cholesterol absorption and intestinal tumor growth amongst others. Our previous investigations have suggested that oral intake of heat-killed Lactobacillus brevis (L. brevis) SBC8803 (SBL88 (TM)) suppresses dermatitis by modulating the immune function in an atopic dermatitis mouse model. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of heat-killed L. brevis SBC8803 intake on skin hydration conditions in humans. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted with volunteers with slightly higher levels of transepidermal water loss (TEWL) on the forearm. The subjects (126 people aged between 21 and 59 years) were randomly allocated to three groups so that the level of TEWL and the age were distributed equally among the groups. The subjects took placebo or heat-killed L. brevis SBC8803 at a daily dose of 25 or 50 mg for 12 weeks. Following the exclusion of eight subjects for plausible reasons (two withdrawals from the study, two for study violations, one for not meeting exclusion criteria and three due to their physical condition), 118 subjects were subjected to the analysis. The results of the present study revealed that following the analysis of the whole populations, marginal differences were observed in TEWL (for example, suppression of skin water loss) at the neck in the 25 mg/day group at week 8 and at the lower eye region in the 50 mg/day group at week 4 (P=0.05 and 0.09, respectively, compared with the placebo group analyzed by Dunnett's test). A significant increase in corneal hydration was also observed at the neck in the 25 mg/day group at week 12 (P=0.06, as compared with the placebo group as analyzed by Dunnett's test). In the analysis of the subpopulations whose habitual frequency of taking lactic fermentation products was less than once per week, the levels of corneal hydration at the neck (in the 50 mg/day group) and lower eye region (in the 25 mg/day group) were significantly increased at week 12 (P<0.05). In conclusion, the results of the present investigation suggest that oral intake of heat-killed L. brevis SBC8803 is effective at improving skin hydration conditions in populations with low habitual frequency of taking lactic fermentation products.
Potential influences of expression levels of MFGE8 and HMGB1 on the intestinal mucosal barrier function and inflammatory response after blunt abdominal injury in rats; Purpose: To explore the influence of milk fat globule-EGF factor 8 protein (MFGE8) on blunt abdominal injury in Sprague Dawley (SD) rats through the RhoA/ROCK signaling pathway. Methods: The blunt abdominal injury model was generated in SD rats. A total of 44 rats was randomly assigned into three groups. Rat blunt abdominal injury was assessed by the abbreviated injury scale (AIS). The rats were sacrificed for observing the morphology of the abdominal cavity and intestines. Hematoxylin and eosin staining was performed to visualize the pathological changes of rat intestines. Positive expressions of MFGE8 and high mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) in rat intestines were examined by immunohistochemical staining. Protein levels were determined by Western blot. Serum levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), IL-1 beta, IL-6 and malondialdehyde (MDA) were measured by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results: Blunt abdominal injury resulted in inflammatory response of intestinal tissues, increased serum levels of TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6 and MDA, upregulation of HMGB1, RhoA and ROCK2, and downregulation of MFGE8 in rats, which were significantly alleviated by intervention of rhMFGE8. Conclusions: MFGE8 protects the intestinal mucosal barrier function after blunt abdominal injury in rats by downregulating HMGB1. Moreover, it alleviates inflammatory response and oxidative stress caused by blunt abdominal injury in rats through downregulating RhoA and ROCK.
Effects of isoflavone-supplemented soy yogurt on lipid parameters and atherosclerosis development in hypercholesterolemic rabbits: a randomized double-blind study; Background: There is increasing interest in natural treatments to control dyslipidemia and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Previous studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of soy yogurt fermented with Enterococcus faecium CRL 183 and of dietary isoflavones on the lipid profile. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the effects of isoflavone-supplemented soy yogurt, fermented with E. faecium CRL183, on lipid parameters and atherosclerosis development in rabbits with induced hypercholesterolemia. Methods: Forty-eight rabbits were randomly assigned to eight groups fed on the following diets for 60 days: C - control; IY - isoflavone-supplemented soy yogurt; H - hypercholesterolemic (1.0% cholesterol wt/wt diet); HY - hypercholesterolemic plus soy yogurt; HIY - hypercholesterolemic plus isoflavone-supplemented soy yogurt; HP - hypercholesterolemic plus placebo; HI hypercholesterolemic plus isoflavone and HE - hypercholesterolemic plus pure culture of E. faecium CRL 183. Serum lipids and autoantibodies against oxLDL (oxLDL Ab) were analyzed on days 0, 30 and 60 of the treatment and the atherosclerotic lesions were quantified at the end of the experiment. Results: Soy yogurt, soy yogurt supplemented with isoflavones and placebo promoted significant reductions in total cholesterol level (38.1%, 27.0% and 26.6%, respectively). Significant increases in serum HDL-C concentration relative to group H were detected in animals that ingested soy yogurt, with or without the isoflavone supplement (55.2%), E. faecium culture (43.3%) or placebo (35.8%). Intake of soy yogurt and soy yogurt supplemented with isoflavones prevented the rise of oxLDL Ab during the study period. The extent of atherosclerosis in the thoracic and abdominal aortas was reduced in the HIY, HY and HP groups. However, when the whole aorta was analyzed, animals treated with soy yogurt supplemented with isoflavones exhibited the greatest reduction (51.4%, P < 0.05) in atherosclerotic lesion area, compared to group H. Conclusion: Soy yogurt could be consumed as an alternative means of reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease by improving the lipid profile and inhibiting oxLDL Ab formation. Our findings also suggest that isoflavone supplementation may enhance the antiatherosclerotic effect of soy yogurt.
The Effect of Intensive Dietary Intervention on the Level of RANTES and CXCL4 Chemokines in Patients with Non-Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: A Randomised Study; Simple Summary The dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet contains meals with plenty of vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products, as well as whole grains, fish, poultry and nuts. One of the potential mechanisms of the beneficial effects of the DASH diet on the cardiovascular system may be modification of the inflammatory process. In the present study, we assessed the impact of the DASH diet on selected inflammatory markers in patients with atherosclerosis. The study lasted 12 months and involved 79 patients (40 followed the DASH diet, while 39 were in the control group). The results indicate that the DASH diet lowers the level of the inflammatory markers, which may contribute to the inhibition of atherosclerosis. Background: Inflammation is the key pathophysiological mechanism of the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis. The study objective was to assess the effects of a dietary intervention based on the model of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on the levels of chemokines RANTES and CXCL4 in patients with non-obstructive coronary artery disease. Methods: As part of Dietary Intervention to Stop Coronary Atherosclerosis in Computed Tomography (DISCO-CT) study, patients were randomised to an intervention group (n = 40), where the DASH diet was introduced along with optimal pharmacotherapy, and to a control group (n = 39), with optimal pharmacotherapy alone. In the DASH group, systematic dietary counselling was provided for the follow-up period. RANTES and CXCL4 levels were determined using ELISA. Results: In the DASH group, the RANTES level insignificantly reduced from 42.70 +/- 21.1 ng/mL to 38.09 +/- 18.5 ng/mL (p = 0.134), and the CXCL4 concentration significantly reduced from 12.38 +/- 4.1 ng/mL to 8.36 +/- 2.3 ng/mL (p = 0.0001). At the same time, an increase in the level of both chemokines was observed in the control group: RANTES from 34.69 +/- 22.7 to 40.94 +/- 20.0 ng/mL (p = 0.06) and CXCL4 from 10.98 +/- 3.6 to 13.0 5 +/- 4.8 ng/mL (p = 0.009). The difference between the changes in both groups was significant for both RANTES (p = 0.03) and CXCL4 (p = 0.00001). The RANTES/CXCL4 ratio reduced in the control group (from 3.52 +/- 2.8 to 3.35 +/- 2.8; p = 0.006), while in the DASH group, an increase was observed (from 3.54 +/- 1.7 to 4.77 +/- 2.4; p = 0.001). Conclusions: A 12-month-long intensive dietary intervention based on DASH diet guidelines as an addition to optimal pharmacotherapy causes changes in the levels of chemokines CXCL4 and RANTES and their mutual relationship in comparison to conventional treatment.
Arazyme Suppresses Hepatic Steatosis and Steatohepatitis in Diet-Induced Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease-Like Mouse Model; Arazyme, a metalloprotease from the spider Nephila clavata, exerts hepatoprotective activity in CCL4-induced acute hepatic injury. This study investigated the hepatoprotective effects in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease-like C57BL/6J mice. The mice were randomly divided into four groups (n = 10/group): the normal diet group, the HFD group, the arazyme group (HFD with 0.025% arazyme), and the milk thistle (MT) group (HFD with 0.1% MT). Dietary supplementation of arazyme for 13 weeks significantly lowered plasma triglyceride (TG) and non-esterified fatty acid levels. Suppression of HFD-induced hepatic steatosis in the arazyme group was caused by the reduced hepatic TG and total cholesterol (TC) contents. Arazyme supplementation decreased hepatic lipogenesis-related gene expression, sterol regulatory element-binding transcription protein 1 (Srebf1), fatty acid synthase (Fas), acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 (Acc1), stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (Scd1), Scd2, glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase (Gpam), diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 1 (Dgat1), and Dgat2. Arazyme directly reduced palmitic acid (PA)-induced TG accumulation in HepG2 cells. Arazyme suppressed macrophage infiltration and tumor necrosis factor (Tnfa), interleukin-1 (Il1b), and chemokine-ligand-2 (Ccl2) expression in the liver, and inhibited secretion of TNF and expression of inflammatory mediators, Tnfa, Il1b, Ccl2, Ccl3, Ccl4, and Ccl5, in PA-induced RAW264.7 cells. Arazyme effectively protected hepatic steatosis and steatohepatitis by inhibiting SREBP-1-mediated lipid accumulation and macrophage-mediated inflammation.
Assessment of aflatoxin exposure using urine biomarker in pregnant and non-pregnant women in Yazd, Center of Iran; Background: Aflatoxins (AFs) are one of the most prevalent toxins, which long-term exposure to them could be a risk factor for liver cancer. AFM(1) is the hydroxylated metabolite of AFB(1), therefore, the presence of AFM(1) in urine samples can give an appropriate estimation of dietary AF exposure in human. Methods: The present study aimed to evaluate the excretion level of AFM(1) in urine samples of pregnant and non-pregnant women in Yazd, Iran. A total of 85 urine samples (42 pregnant and 43 non-pregnant) were selected randomly from women who had referred to health centers of Yazd during March to May 2017. From each participant, a 72-hour dietary recall was asked and the data were recorded and later analyzed by ELISA kits. Results: The results showed that the mean level of AFM(1) in pregnant and non-pregnant women was 8.23 +/- 2.9 and 35.5 +/- 1.05 pg mL(-1), respectively. Excretion of AFM(1) in urine samples had a significant relationship with some demographic factors and type of consumed foods (P < 0.05). Conclusion: There was a significant relationship between the education level, place of residence, and the consumption of nuts with the excretion of AFM(1). It can be concluded that some foods distributed in Yazd are contaminated with AFs, and a significant number of people are exposed to high concentrations of AFM
Development of ELISAs for quantification of HMFG1-specific human anti-mouse IgG and IgM antibodies; The aim of this study was to develop and validate ELISAs for quantification of HAMA-IgM and HAMA-IgG in serum of patients with ovarian cancer who enrolled in a large international randomized phase I I I trial of intraperitoneal Yttrium-90-labeled HMFG1 murine monoclonal antibody therapy. The capture antibody of these 2 assays was the murine antibody HMFG1, while mouse anti-human IgM-HRP or mouse anti-human IgG(Fc)-HRP served as tracer antibodies. A pool of HAMA-positive serum samples was used to prepare a series of assay standards and another pool served as reference preparation. The analytical sensitivity of the HAMA-IgM assay was 2.5 arbitrary units per mL (AU/mL) and 4.7 AU/mL for the HAMA-IgG ELISA. Diluted serum samples showed good parallelism with the HAMA-IgM and HAMA-IgG standard dose-response curves. Within-assay coefficient of variation was 7.5% for HAMA-IgM and 6.5% for HAMA-IgG. Between-assay variation was 14.2% for HAMA-IgM and 15.3% for HAMA-IgG. The developed HAMA-IgM and HAMA-IgG ELISAs show satisfactory reliability criteria (sensitivity, parallelism and precision) and are suitable for monitoring of HAMA-IgM and HAMA-IgG responses in ovarian cancer patients. These ELISAs will be used to monitor the development of HAMAs in patients who received radioirnmunotherapy with murine HMFG1.
Potential role of bioactive peptides in prevention and treatment of chronic diseases: a narrative review; In the past few years, increasing interest has been directed to bioactive peptides of animal and plant origin: in particular, researchers have focused their attention on their mechanisms of action and potential role in the prevention and treatment of cancer, cardiovascular and infective diseases. We have developed a search strategy to identify these studies in PubMed (January 1980 to May 2016); particularly those papers presenting comprehensive reviews or meta-analyses, plus in vitro and in vivo studies and clinical trials on those bioactive peptides that affect cardiovascular diseases, immunity or cancer, or have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial effects. In this review we have mostly focused on evidence-based healthy properties of bioactive peptides from different sources. Bioactive peptides derived from fish, milk, meat and plants have demonstrated significant antihypertensive and lipid-lowering activity in clinical trials. Many bioactive peptides show selective cytotoxic activity against a wide range of cancer cell lines in vitro and in vivo, whereas others have immunomodulatory and antimicrobial effects. Furthermore, some peptides exert anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activity, which could aid in the prevention of chronic diseases. However, clinical evidence is at an early stage, and there is a need for solid pharmacokinetic data and for standardized extraction procedures. Further studies on animals and randomized clinical trials are required to confirm these effects, and enable these peptides to be used as preventive or therapeutic treatments.
Feeding a Mixture of Choline Forms to Lactating Dams Improves the Development of the Immune System in Sprague-Dawley Rat Offspring; Dietary choline is essential during lactation, but few studies have examined the implications of feeding a mixture of choline forms on immune function. This study investigates the impact of feeding lactating dams different mixtures of choline forms, similar to those in human diets, on the development and later immune function of suckled offspring. Sprague-Dawley lactating dams (n = 6/diet) were randomized to consume one of three diets, containing 1 g/kg choline: Control (100% free choline (FC)), Mixed Choline (MC: 50% phosphatidylcholine (PC), 25% FC, 25% glycerophosphocholine (GPC)), or High GPC (HGPC: 75% GPC, 12.5% PC, 12.5% FC). At weaning, female pups (n = 2/dam) were fed the Control diet until 10 weeks. At 3 weeks, MC and HGPC pups were heavier and their splenocytes had a higher proportion of helper T cells expressing CD25 and CD28 and produced less interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) and tumor-necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) after Concanavalin A stimulation vs. Control pups (p < 0.05). At 10 weeks, MC and HGPC offspring had a lower proportion of macrophages and dendritic cells and produced less interleukin (IL)-1 beta but more IL-10 after lipopolysaccharide stimulation vs. Control pups (p < 0.05). In summary, feeding mixed choline diets during lactation improved T cell phenotype/function at the end of suckling and programmed a less inflammatory response later in life.
Effect of acetate Ringer's solution with or without 5% dextrose administered intravenously to diarrheic calves; The objectives of this study were to evaluate the effects of intravenous acetate Ringer's solution, with or without dextrose, on diarrheic calves with either experimentally induced or spontaneous diarrhea. In the experimental model, diarrhea was induced in nine healthy calves by administering cold milk (below 4 degrees C) twice a day for 2 days. The calves were randomly assigned to the isotonic saline (ISS), acetated Ringer's (AR) or acetated Ringer's with 5% dextrose (ARD) groups, with three calves assigned to each group. The calves received 80 ml/kg of their designated solution, at a flow rate of 20 ml/kg/hr. Infusion of ISS, AR and ARD were all found to be safe and effective in increasing plasma volume. Intravenous (IV) infusion of ISS resulted in the acidification secondary to dilution, while AR and ARD infusion inhibited acidification. In addition, prevention of catabolism was observed only with IV infusion of ARD. Sixteen calves with spontaneous diarrhea were enrolled in the clinical study. The calves were randomly assigned to the AR or ARD groups, with eight calves being assigned to each group. The calves received 100 ml/kg of their designated solution, at a flow rate of 25 ml/kg/hr. Intravenous infusion of AR and ARD was found to be effective in increasing plasma volume and inhibiting acidification. Only infusion of ARD prevented catabolism, but it also led to hyperglycemia. Our results suggest that a solution containing dextrose may be beneficial for wasting diarrheic calves.
The Prevalence of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and its Association with Lifestyle/dietary Habits among University Faculty and Staff in Chengdu; Objective To investigate the prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in different university categories and its association with lifestyle/dietary habits. Methods A cross-sectional study was carried out on 9 378 faculty members and staff who participated in an annual health checkup at three universities selected by random cluster sampling. Demographic, anthropometric, biochemical indices and abdominal ultrasound measurements were collected. A nested case-control study was conducted with 200 NAFLD cases and 200 controls matched by gender, age (+/- 3 years), and university. Results The overall prevalence of NAFLD was 10.3% (13.7% in males and 6.8% in females). The prevalence was significantly higher in the science and engineering university (22.1%) than in the comprehensive universities with (6.4%) and without (10.9%) medical colleges. Obesity/overweight, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, and family history of NAFLD were independently associated with higher risk of NAFLD, as were frequent consumption of desserts and salty/spicy foods. Using nutritional supplements was a protective factor against NAFLD. Intake of coarse cereals, potatoes, vegetables, fruits, and milk was significantly lower, and intake of red meat, viscera, candies and pastries, cooking oil, and total energy was significantly higher in participants with NAFLD than in controls. Conclusion Science and engineering university faculty and staff are key targets for NAFLD prevention. NAFLD is closely associated with age, gender, university type, metabolic diseases, and lifestyle/dietary habits.
Effects of palm oil and transesterified palm oil on chylomicron and VLDL triacylglycerol structures and postprandial lipid response; The effects of positional distribution of triacylglycerol (TAG) fatty acids to TAG structures in chylomicrons and VLDL, and to postprandial lipemia, were studied in 10 healthy premenopausal women using a 6-h oral fat load test and a randomized, double-blind cross-over design. Molecular level information of TAG regioisomerism was obtained with a tandem mass spectrometric method. The positional distribution of fatty acids in chylomicron TAGs was similar to the respective dietary fat; 79% of the analyzed regioisomers in palm oil and 84% of the analyzed regioisomers in transesterified oil were found in chylomicron TAGs 3 h after the oral fat loads. VLDL TAGs were equal after the two fat loads in all but one regioisomer. Similarities in the fatty acid compositions of chylomicron TAGs suggest that palmitic acid was absorbed equally from both test fats. The proportion of palmitoleic acid in the chylomicrons was increased. Fat with palmitic acid predominantly in the sn-1 and sn-3 positions caused a larger incremental area of total TAGs in plasma and reduced plasma insulin values at the beginning of the postprandial response (0-90 min) compared with fat with palmitic acid randomly distributed. jlr The relationship between TAG molecular structures in dietary fats and in lipoproteins provides new means for understanding the effects of fatty acid positonal distribution on human lipid metabolism.
Silibinin and SARS-CoV-2: Dual Targeting of Host Cytokine Storm and Virus Replication Machinery for Clinical Management of COVID-19 Patients; COVID-19, the illness caused by infection with the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, is a rapidly spreading global pandemic in urgent need of effective treatments. Here we present a comprehensive examination of the host- and virus-targeted functions of the flavonolignan silibinin, a potential drug candidate against COVID-19/SARS-CoV-2. As a direct inhibitor of STAT3-a master checkpoint regulator of inflammatory cytokine signaling and immune response-silibinin might be expected to phenotypically integrate the mechanisms of action of IL-6-targeted monoclonal antibodies and pan-JAK1/2 inhibitors to limit the cytokine storm and T-cell lymphopenia in the clinical setting of severe COVID-19. As a computationally predicted, remdesivir-like inhibitor of RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp)-the central component of the replication/transcription machinery of SARS-CoV-2-silibinin is expected to reduce viral load and impede delayed interferon responses. The dual ability of silibinin to target both the host cytokine storm and the virus replication machinery provides a strong rationale for the clinical testing of silibinin against the COVID-19 global public health emergency. A randomized, open-label, phase II multicentric clinical trial (SIL-COVID19) will evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of silibinin in the prevention of acute respiratory distress syndrome in moderate-to-severe COVID-19-positive onco-hematological patients at the Catalan Institute of Oncology in Catalonia, Spain.
Phase 3 Trials of Tirbanibulin Ointment for Actinic Keratosis; Background The tubulin polymerization and Src kinase signaling inhibitor tirbanibulin is being investigated as a topical treatment for actinic keratosis, a precursor of squamous-cell carcinoma. Methods In two identically designed double-blind trials, we randomly assigned, in a 1:1 ratio, adults with actinic keratoses on the face or scalp to receive either topical tirbanibulin or vehicle (placebo) ointment. The ointment was applied by the patients to a 25-cm(2) contiguous area containing four to eight lesions once daily for 5 consecutive days. The primary outcome was the percentage of patients with a complete (100%) reduction in the number of lesions in the application area at day 57. The secondary outcome was the percentage of patients with a partial (>= 75%) reduction in the number of lesions within the application area at day 57. The incidence of recurrence was evaluated at 1 year. Local reactions were scored with the use of 4-point scale (ranging from 0 [absent] to 3 [severe]). Results A total of 702 patients were enrolled in the two trials (351 patients per trial). Complete clearance in trial 1 occurred in 44% of the patients (77 of 175) in the tirbanibulin group and in 5% of those (8 of 176) in the vehicle group (difference, 40 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], 32 to 47; P<0.001); in trial 2, the percentages were 54% (97 of 178 patients) and 13% (22 of 173), respectively (difference, 42 percentage points; 95% CI, 33 to 51; P<0.001). The percentages of patients with partial clearance were significantly higher in the tirbanibulin groups than in the vehicle groups. At 1 year, the estimated percentage of patients with recurrent lesions was 47% among patients who had had a complete response to tirbanibulin. The most common local reactions to tirbanibulin were erythema in 91% of the patients and flaking or scaling in 82%. Adverse events with tirbanibulin were application-site pain in 10% of the patients and pruritus in 9%, all of which resolved. Conclusions In two identically designed trials, tirbanibulin 1% ointment applied once daily for 5 days was superior to vehicle for the treatment of actinic keratosis at 2 months but was associated with transient local reactions and recurrence of lesions at 1 year. Trials comparing tirbanibulin with conventional treatments and that have longer follow-up are needed to determine the effects of tirbanibulin therapy on actinic keratosis. (Funded by Athenex; ClinicalTrials.gov numbers, and .) The tubulin polymerization and Src kinase inhibitor tirbanibulin was superior to placebo ointment in clearing actinic keratoses on the face and scalp at 2 months. As is typical of the disorder, lesions recurred in 47% of patients at 1 year. Adverse events were related to local irritation.
Effects of a DASH-like diet containing lean beef on vascular health; A DASH (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) dietary pattern rich in fruits and vegetables and low-fat dairy products with increased dietary protein provided primarily from plant protein sources decreases blood pressure. No studies, however, have evaluated the effects of a DASH-like diet with increased dietary protein from lean beef on blood pressure and vascular health. The aim of this study was to study the effect of DASH-like diets that provided different amounts of protein from lean beef (DASH 28 g beef per day; beef in an optimal lean diet (BOLD) 113 g beef per day; beef in an optimal lean diet plus additional protein (BOLD+) 153 g beef per day) on blood pressure, endothelial function and vascular reactivity versus a healthy American diet (HAD). Using a randomized, crossover study design, 36 normotensive participants (systolic blood pressure (SBP), 116 +/- 3.6 mm Hg) were fed four isocaloric diets,: HAD (33% total fat, 12% saturated fatty acids (SFA), 17% protein (PRO), 20 g beef per day), DASH (27% total fat, 6% SFA, 18% PRO, 28 g beef per day), BOLD (28% total fat, 6% SFA, 19% PRO, 113 g beef per day) and BOLD+ (28% total fat, 6% SFA, 27% PRO, 153 g beef per day), for 5 weeks. SBP decreased (P<0.05) in subjects on the BOLD+ diet (111.4 +/- 1.9 mm Hg) versus HAD (115.7 +/- 1.9). There were no significant effects of the DASH and BOLD diets on SBP. Augmentation index (AI) was significantly reduced in participants on the BOLD diet (+/- 4.1%). There were no significant effects of the dietary treatments on diastolic blood pressure or endothelial function (as measured by peripheral arterial tonometry). A moderate protein DASH-like diet including lean beef decreased SBP in normotensive individuals. The inclusion of lean beef in a heart healthy diet also reduced peripheral vascular constriction.
Effects of lactic acid bacteria on intestinal microbial enzyme activity and composition in rats treated with azoxymethane; In recent years, colon cancer has been reported to be one of the most important causes of cancer morbidity and mortality in Korea. Epidemiological and experimental studies suggest that lactic acid bacteria (LAB) used to ferment dairy products inhibits colon carcinogenesis. The present study was designed to determine whether the colon cancer inhibitory effect of LAB (Bifidobacterium longum HY8001; Bif and Lactobacillus acidophilus HY2104; Lac) of Korean origin, is associated with intestinal microflora composition and certain enzyme activity in rats treated with azoxymethane (AOM). At five weeks of age, SD rats were divided at random into four (AOM alone, Bif, Lac, and Bif+Lac) groups. Oral administration of lactic acid bacteria cultures were performed daily until the termination of the study. Two weeks later, all animals were given a subcutaneous injection of AOM dissolved in normal saline at a dose of 15 mg/kg of body weight once weekly for 2 weeks. Every two weeks for 10 weeks, five of the rats in each group were randomly chosen for fecal specimen collection. The fecal specimens were used for assay of beta -glucuronidase and nitroreductase, and analysis of intestinal microflora composition. The activity of beta -glucuronidase which plays an important role in the production of the carcinogenic metabolite of azoxymethane was remarkably increased in the AOM alone group after AOM injection and maintained the high level during the experiment. However, LAB inhibited the AOM-induced increase in beta -glucuronidase activity. Nitroreductase activity decreased by 30-40% in LAB treated groups in comparison with that of the AOM alone group. The results of the present study suggest that LAB inhibits colon carcinogenesis by modulating the metabolic activity of intestinal microflora and improving the composition of intestinal microflora.
Effects of Injectable Trace Minerals (ITMs) on Th1/Th2 Cytokine Balance of Newborn Calves with Tropical Theileriosis; Injectable trace minerals (ITMs) could provide a potential alternative way of trace mineral delivery for sick animals. Therefore, evaluation of ameliorative potentials of ITMs (copper, manganese, selenium, and zinc) on the circulating Th1/Th2 cytokine misbalance inTheileria annulata-infected calves was aimed. Forty-threeT. annulata-infected newborn calves were randomly allocated into four groups: buparvaquone alone-treated group (BUPA), buparvaquone + oxytetracycline (BUPA + OXY)-treated group, buparvaquone + injectable trace minerals (BUPA + ITMs)-treated group, and BUPA + OXY + ITM-treated group. Blood samples were collected from each of the calves before the start of therapy (day 0) and on day 14 post-therapy. Serum contents of pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines were estimated by bovine specific ELISA kits. On day 14 post-therapy, significant amelioration in the circulating levels of the studied cytokines was not observed in the calves treated with BUPA, while the calves treated with BUPA + OXY revealed significant (P <= 0.04) amelioration in the circulating tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) level. The calves treated with BUPA + ITMs revealed significant (P <= 0.041) elevation in the circulating interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) and significant (P <= 0.011) reduction in the interleukin-10 (IL-10) levels. Moreover, the calves treated with BUPA + OXY + ITMs revealed significant reduction in TNF-alpha (P <= 0.0001) and IL-10 (P <= 0.012) contents, and significant elevation in IFN-gamma (P <= 0.0002) content on day 14 post-therapy. None of the treated calve group revealed significant alteration in the circulating level of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) on day 14 post-therapy. In conclusion, administration of ITMs to the therapeutic regimen of newborn calves with tropical theileriosis could be a promising therapeutic strategy. ITMs can be recommended for the amelioration of immunological misbalance due to tropical theileriosis in newborn calves.
Prevalence of Non-Communicable Disease Risk Factors Among the Elderly of Birjand in 2014; Objectives Noncommunicable diseases are the leading causes of death and disability, globally. Moreover, the aging population is growing in the world. These issues are among major public health challenges; thus, this study aimed to determine the prevalence of noncommunicable diseases risks factors among the elderly of Birjand City, Iran, in 2014. Methods & Materials The present cross-sectional study was conducted among 400 elderly who were selected through random cluster sampling method. Data collection was carried out using the World Health Organization STEPwise approach to noncommunicable diseases surveillance (STEPS) instrument. Furthermore, physical assessments included measuring height, weight, waist and hip circumference and blood pressure by trained health experts. Then, the obtained data were analyzed by Chi-squared test, t-test and one-way Analysis of Variance (ANOVA). Results From 400 elderly who participated in this study, 200 persons were male and the Mean +/- SD age of study participants was 70 +/- 6.4 years. The prevalence of smoking was 10.7%; 49% were overweight or obese, and 34.5% had hypertension. The prevalence of abdominal obesity and physical inactivity were 63.5% and 55%, respectively. In addition, the inadequate intake of fruits, vegetables, fish and dairy products were 73.8%, 67.8%, 95%, and 74.5%, respectively. The prevalence of smoking in men, and the prevalence of obesity and overweight, physical inactivity and abdominal obesity in women were significantly higher (P<0.01). However, there was no significant gender difference in the prevalence of hypertension (P=0.14). Conclusion The achieved results indicated a high prevalence of noncommunicable diseases risks factors among the studied elderly. Given the importance of the growing elderly population, planning for appropriate interventions aimed for healthier, longer and higher quality lives in the elderly should be considered by health officials and policymakers.
β-Lactolin Reduces Age-Related Inflammation and Cognitive Decline; With the rapid increase in aging populations worldwide, there has been an increase in demand for preventive and therapeutic measures for age-related cognitive decline and dementia. Epidemiological studies show that consumption of dairy products reduces the risk for cognitive decline and dementia in the elderly. We have previously demonstrated in randomized trials that the consumption of beta-lactolin, a whey-derived Gly-Thr-Trp-Tyr lactotetrapeptide, improves cognitive function in older adults. Orally administered beta-lactolin is delivered to the brain and inhibits monoamine oxidase, resulting in alleviation of memory impairment. However, there is currently no evidence of the effects of long-term beta-lactolin intake on aging. Here, we found that the discrimination index in the novel object recognition test for object recognition memory was reduced in mice aged 20 months compared with that in young mice, indicating that age-related cognitive decline was induced in the aged mice; in aged mice fed beta-lactolin for 3 months, memory impairment was subsequently alleviated. In aged mice, impairment of light/dark activity cycles was found to be induced, which was subsequently alleviated by beta-lactolin consumption. Additionally, the number of activated microglia in the hippocampus and cortex and the production of cytokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha, and macrophage chemoattractant protein-1) were increased in aged mice compared with those in young mice but were reduced in aged mice fed beta-lactolin. The age-related hippocampal atrophy was improved in aged mice fed beta-lactolin. Cytochrome c levels in the hippocampus and cortex were increased in aged mice compared with those in young mice but were also reduced by beta-lactolin consumption. These results suggest that beta-lactolin consumption prevents neural inflammation and alleviates aging-related cognitive decline.</p>
Red and processed meat intake and risk of colorectal adenomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies; Current evidence indicates that red and processed meat intake increases the risk of colorectal cancer; however, the association with colorectal adenomas is unclear. To conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies of red and processed meat intake and risk of colorectal adenomas as part of the Continuous Update Project of the World Cancer Research Fund. PubMed and several other databases were searched for relevant studies from their inception up to 31 December 2011. Summary relative risks (RRs) were estimated using a random effects model. Nineteen case-control studies and seven prospective studies were included in the analyses. The summary RR per 100 g/day of red meat was 1.27 (95 % CI 1.16-1.40, I (2) = 5 %, n = 16) for all studies combined, 1.20 (95 % CI 1.06-1.36, I (2) = 0 %, n = 6) for prospective studies, and 1.34 (95 % CI 1.12-1.59, I (2) = 31 %, n = 10) for case-control studies. The summary RR per 50 g/day of processed meat intake was 1.29 (95 % CI 1.10-1.53, I (2) = 27 %, n = 10) for all studies combined, 1.45 (95 % CI 1.10-1.90, I (2) = 0 %, n = 2) for prospective studies, and 1.23 (95 % CI 0.99-1.52, I (2) = 37 %, n = 8) for case-control studies. There was evidence of a nonlinear association between red meat (p (nonlinearity) < 0.001) and processed meat (p (nonlinearity) = 0.01) intake and colorectal adenoma risk. These results indicate an elevated risk of colorectal adenomas with intake of red and processed meat, but further prospective studies are warranted.
Current vitamin D status in European and Middle East countries and strategies to prevent vitamin D deficiency: a position statement of the European Calcified Tissue Society; Vitamin D deficiency (serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D) <50 nmol/L or 20 ng/mL) is common in Europe and the Middle East. It occurs in <20% of the population in Northern Europe, in 30-60% in Western, Southern and Eastern Europe and up to 80% in Middle East countries. Severe deficiency (serum 25(OH) D <30 nmol/L or 12 ng/mL) is found in >10% of Europeans. The European Calcified Tissue Society (ECTS) a dvises that the measurement of serum 25(OH) D be standardized, for example, by the Vitamin D Standardization Program. Risk groups include young children, adolescents, pregnant women, older people (especially the institutionalized) and non-Western immigrants. Consequences of vitamin D deficiency include mineralization defects and lower bone mineral density causing fractures. Extra-skeletal consequences may be muscle weakness, falls and acute respiratory infection, and are the subject of large ongoing clinical trials. The ECTS advises to improve vitamin D status by food fortification and the use of vitamin D supplements in risk groups. Fortification of foods by adding vitamin D to dairy products, bread and cereals can improve the vitamin D status of the whole population, but quality assurance monitoring is needed to prevent intoxication. Specific risk groups such as infants and children up to 3 years, pregnant women, older persons and non-Western immigrants should routinely receive vitamin D supplements. Future research should include genetic studies to better define individual vulnerability for vitamin D deficiency, and Mendelian randomization studies to address the effect of vitamin D deficiency on long-term non-skeletal outcomes such as cancer.
Comparison of the effects of thymoquinone and silymarin on the brain of rats having ischemia-reperfusion in the lower extremities; AIM: We aimed to show whether ischemia reperfusion (I/R) injury causes damage on brain or not, and whether thymoquinone and silymarin, as antioxidant and anti-inflammatory herbs, have beneficial effects on this damage or not. METHODS: Forty Wistar albino rats were carried out and were randomized to 4 groups with equal numbers (n=10): sham group, implemented of only anesthesia; control group, implemented of anesthesia and I/R injury; silymarin group, implemented of anesthesia and I/R injury and treated with a dose of 200 milligram/kg silymarin ip and thymoquinone group, implemented of anesthesia and I/R injury and treated with a dose of 20 mg/kg thymoquinone. Serum lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) and total free sulfhydryl (Sh) levels were determined. Light microscopy was used to evaluate histological changes in brain tissue. RESULTS: Serum LOOH levels (0.21 +/- 0.04 for control group, 0.29 +/- 0.01 for sham group, 0.23 +/- 0.09 for sily-marin group, 0.29 +/- 0.09 for thymoquinone group) were significantly higher and Sh levels (10.74 +/- 1.71 for control group, 682 +/- 0.24 for sham group, 9.12 +/- 1.04 for silymarin group, 8.41 +/- 1.12 for thymoquinone group) were significantly lower in control, silymarin and thymoquinone groups compared to control group (p<0.05 for all). According to the histopathologic damage score assessment, it was seen that the damage decreased significantly in the silymarin and the thymoquinone groups. CONCLUSION: We showed that tissue damage also occurs in brain following the ischemia reperfiusion. It was shown that thymoquinone and silymarin is quite effective in preventing this damage.
Silibinin Effect on Fas/FasL, HMGB1, and CD45 Expressions in a Rat Model Subjected to Liver Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury; Purpose: We investigated the hepatoprotective effect of Silibinin (SLB) to ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) rat model, by evaluating the histological expression of the tissue markers Fas/FasL, HMGB-1 and CD45, and SLB pharmacokinetics. Methods: Seventy-three Wistar-type male rats were randomized in 11 groups: Sham control group (open-close laparotomy); four I/R control groups (laparotomy, 45 min vascular occlusion, reperfusion, euthanasia after 60, 120, 180, and 240 min); four SLB (Si) groups (laparotomy, 45 min vascular occlusion, IV administration of SLB, reperfusion, euthanasia after 60, 120, 180, and 240 min); two SLB pharmacokinetics (PK) groups (IV administration of SLB, euthanasia after 45 and 240 min). Results: Fas/FasL increased with reperfusion time in I/R control groups and decreased in the Si groups, reaching, respectively, the highest and lowest values at 240 min of reperfusion (p <.0001). HMGB1 and CD45 increased with time in the I/R control groups up to 240 min and decreased in the Si groups, approaching zero expression after 180 and 60 min, respectively. Pharmacokinetic data showed higher liver accumulation and slower plasma elimination of SLB in ischemic animals. Conclusions: The hepatoprotective effect of SLB was demonstrated through the reduction of the expression of Fas/FasL, HMGB-1 and CD45 in liver tissue under I/R conditions, and in the pharmacokinetic study. The results document the efficacy of silibinin in the protection of the liver, and are particularly encouraging for its use in hepatic surgery.
Virgin olive oil (unfiltered) extract contains peptides and possesses ACE inhibitory and antihypertensive activity; Background & aims: The peptide and protein composition of olive oil is mostly unknown and the few studies available have not focused on the study of its low molecular weight peptides. We hypothesised that olive oil could naturally contain low molecular weight peptides with antihypertensive effect. Methods: We produced virgin olive oil (unfiltered, var. Picual) and obtained a water-soluble peptide extract. We fractionated the peptide extract by FPLC and studied its angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory activity. We studied the antihypertensive effect of olive oil peptides on the systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) using an animal model of hypertension (spontaneously hypertensive rats, SHR). The animals were randomly distributed into 3 study groups (n = 8 per group) and received an oral dose of olive oil peptides (0.425 mg/kg of BW), or a dose of Captopril (50 mg/kg of BW) or water. SBP and DBP were registered in the rats before administration and a at 2, 4, 6, 8, 24 and 48 h post-administration of the corresponding dose. Results: The peptide extract and FPLC purified fractions possessed angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory activity. Acute oral administration of olive oil water-soluble extract produced an average blood pressure reduction of 10 mmHg at 4 h (P < 0.01) and reached a maximum antihypertensive effect of 20 mmHg at 6 h, compared with baseline. Conclusion: Unfiltered virgin olive oil contains peptides and a water-soluble extract obtained from this oil possesses ACE inhibitory activity and in vivo antihypertensive effect. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Hydroxyproline stimulates inflammation and reprograms macrophage signaling in a rat kidney stone model; Meals rich in oxalate are associated with calcium oxalate (CaOx) kidney stone disease. Hydroxy-L-proline (HLP) is an oxalate precursor found in milk and collagen-containing foods. HLP has been shown to induce CaOx crystal formation in rodents. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of HLP induced oxalate levels on inflammation and renal leukocytes during crystal formation. Male Sprague-Dawley rats (6-8 weeks old) were fed a control diet containing no oxalate for 3 days before being randomized to continue the control diet or 5% HLP for up to 28 days. Blood, 24 h urine, and kidneys were collected on Days 0, 7, 14, or 28. Urinary oxalate levels, crystal deposition, and renal macrophage markers were evaluated using ion chromatography-mass spectrometry, immunohistochemistry, and qRT-PCR. Renal leukocytes were assessed using flow cytometry and RNAsequencing. HLP feeding increased urinary oxalate levels and renal crystal formation in animals within 7 days. HLP also increased renal macrophage populations on Days 14 and 28. Transcriptome analysis revealed that renal macrophages from animals fed HLP for 7 days were involved in inflammatory response and disease, stress response to LPS, oxidative stress, and immune cell trafficking. Renal macrophages isolated on Day 14 were involved in cell-mediated immunological pathways, ion homeostasis, and inflammatory response. Collectively, these findings suggest that HLP-mediated oxalate levels induce markers of inflammation, leukocyte populations, and reprograms signaling pathways in macrophages in a time-dependent manner. Additional studies investigating the significance of oxalate on renal macrophages could aid in our understanding of kidney stone formation.
Comparative evaluation of therapeutic effects of silymarin and hydrocortisone on clinical and hematological alterations, and organ injury (liver and heart) in a low-dose canine lipopolysaccharide-induced sepsis model; The present study aimed to examine the effectiveness of silymarin compared to hydrocortisone on clinical and hematological alterations and organ injury (liver and heart) in a low-dose canine lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced sepsis model. Fifteen clinically healthy dogs were randomly categorized into three equal groups: Two dogs in group A, LPS (0.10 mu g kg(-1), IV) was injected (control, n = 5); Group B was similar to group A, with the difference that silymarin bolus (10.00 mg kg(-1), IV, once) was injected 40 min after LPS injection. Group C was similar to group B with the difference that hydrocortisone bolus (2.00 mg kg(-1), IV, once) was administrated instead of silymarin. Five mL of blood was collected at baseline, 1, 3, and 6 hr of the study. Septic control dogs experienced a significant reduction in red blood cells count (RBC), hemoglobin (Hb), and hematocrit (HCT) and a significant elevation in serum activities of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), creatine kinase isoenzyme MB (CK-MB), and plasma cardiac troponin I (cTnI) concentration. We noticed a significant increase in RBCs, Hb, and HCT, and a significant decrease in AST, ALP, LDH, CK-MB, and cTnI in the silymarin group in comparison with hydrocortisone and control group. Our results suggested that silymarin had a positive influence on sepsis due to protecting RBCs, and decreasing organ (heart and liver) injury. These findings supported the hypothesis that silymarin could be more effective than routine corticosteroid therapy in sepsis. (C) 2020 Urmia University. All rights reserved.
Effects of Soy-Whey Protein Nutritional Supplementation on Hematopoiesis and Immune Reconstitution in an Allogeneic Transplanted Mice; Profound malnutrition and immunodeficiency are serious negative effects of radiotherapy and bone marrow transplantation for hematologic malignancy patients. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of nutritional supplementation with a soy-whey protein mixture on hematopoietic and immune reconstitution in an allogeneic transplant mouse model. Male BALB/c (H-2Kd) mice, 6-8 weeks-old, were divided randomly into five groups and then provided with different protein nutrition support. After 28 days, blood samples, bone marrow, spleen, and thymus were harvested to measure the effects. The results showed that soy-whey blended protein supplements promoted hematopoietic stem cell engraftment, body weight recovery, and the recovery of white blood cells, lymphocytes, and neutrophils; triggered the expansion of hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cell pools by increasing the numbers of the c-kit(+) progenitor, Lin-Sca1(+)c-kit(+), short-term hematopoietic stem cells, and multipotent progenitors; enhanced thymus re-establishment and splenic subset recovery in both organ index and absolute number; improved overall nutritional status by increasing total serum protein, albumin, and globulin; protected the liver from radiation-induced injury, and increased antioxidant capacity as indicated by lower concentrations of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, malondialdehyde, and 4-hydroxynonenal. This study indicated that soy-whey blended protein as important nutrients, from both plant and animal sources, had a greater positive effect on patients with hematological malignancies to accelerate hematopoiesis and immune reconstitution after bone marrow transplantation.
The use of inflammatory markers as a prognostic aid for traumatic reticuloperitonitis in water buffalo (<i>Bubalus bubalis</i>); The present study was conducted to evaluate the prognostic significance of selected inflammatory markers for prediction of clinical outcomes of traumatic reticuloperitonitis (TRP) in water buffalo (Bubalus bubalis). Acute local TRP was initially diagnosed in 32 buffalo by clinical examination and confirmed by ultrasonography (USG), laparo-rumenotomy and/or necropsy findings in non-surviving cases. Ten clinically healthy buffalo were randomly selected and served as controls. Blood was drawn from all examined buffalo to measure the respective levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-10 interferon gamma (INF)-gamma, serum amyloid A (SAA), haptoglobin (Hp), fibrinogen (Fb), C-reactive protein (CRP) and serum sialic acid (SSA). Clinically, the heart rates, but neither respiratory rate nor rectal temperature, were significantly higher in non-survivors compared with survivors (P < 0.05). In addition, the non-surviving buffalo were more likely to have anorexia and weakness compared with survivors. However, rumen stasis, recurrent ruminal tympany, lacrimation, lordosis, bruxism, and decreased milk production were commonly observed in all diseased animals. Biochemically, TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-10, SAA, Hp, Fb, CRP, and SSA levels were significantly higher in diseased buffalo compared with controls, and were higher in non-survivors than survivors (P < 0.05). The data herein indicate an ongoing cascade of systemic inflammatory responses in buffalo with TRP with concomitant compensatory anti-inflammatory reactions and the overall degree of cytokine network disruption may be an important prognostic indicator. Medical strategies to modulate inflammation must take into account the complex of cytokine biology in buffalo with TRP.
Soy protein, isoflavones, and cardiovascular health - An American heart association science advisory for professionals from the nutrition committee; Soy protein and isoflavones (phytoestrogens) have gained considerable attention for their potential role in improving risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This scientific advisory assesses the more recent work published on soy protein and its component isoflavones. In the majority of 22 randomized trials, isolated soy protein with isoflavones, as compared with milk or other proteins, decreased LDL cholesterol concentrations; the average effect was approximate to 3%. This reduction is very small relative to the large amount of soy protein tested in these studies, averaging 50 g, about half the usual total daily protein intake. No significant effects on HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, lipoprotein(a), or blood pressure were evident. Among 19 studies of soy isoflavones, the average effect on LDL cholesterol and other lipid risk factors was nil. Soy protein and isoflavones have not been shown to lessen vasomotor symptoms of menopause, and results are mixed with regard to soy's ability to slow postmenopausal bone loss. The efficacy and safety of soy isoflavones for preventing or treating cancer of the breast, endometrium, and prostate are not established; evidence from clinical trials is meager and cautionary with regard to a possible adverse effect. For this reason, use of isoflavone supplements in food or pills is not recommended. Thus, earlier research indicating that soy protein has clinically important favorable effects as compared with other proteins has not been confirmed. In contrast, many soy products should be beneficial to cardiovascular and overall health because of their high content of polyunsaturated fats, fiber, vitamins, and minerals and low content of saturated fat.
New insights into the role of dietary spermine on inflammation, immune function and related-signalling molecules in the thymus and spleen of piglets; This study aimed to determine the effects of dietary spermine supplementation on the inflammatory response and immune function of the thymus and spleen in piglets. Eighty suckling piglets were randomly assigned to receive adequate nutrients supplemented with spermine (0.4mmol/kg body weight) or restricted nutrient intake supplemented with normal saline for 7h or 3, 6 and 9days in pairs. Regardless of treatment time, spermine supplementation decreased (p<0.05, compared with the controls) the following: (1) tumour necrosis factor (TNF-), interleukin (IL)-1, 2 and 6, and interferon (IFN)- levels in serum; (2) gene expression of cluster of differentiation 8 and integrin beta-2 in the thymus and spleen and the lymphocyte function-associated antigen 1 in the thymus; (3) mRNA levels of TNF-, IL 1, 2, 6, and 12, IFN- and inducible nitric oxide synthase in the thymus and spleen, as well as IL-8 in the spleen; and (4) eukaryotic IF4E-binding protein 1, Janus kinase 2, signal transducer and activator of transcription 3, and nuclear factor-kappa B P65 gene transcriptions in the thymus and spleen. By contrast, spermine supplementation increased (p<0.05) the following: (1) immunoglobulin M, IL-10, and transforming growth factor 1 gene expression, as well as (2) relative mRNA levels of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) and ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1 in the thymus and spleen. These effects were also observed upon prolonged spermine administration (p<0.05). In summary, dietary spermine supplementation can alleviate inflammatory response, enhance the immune function and regulate the gene expression of signalling molecules related to inflammation.
A model study:: Simulation of marker gene deletion and target gene replacement mediated by Cre/<i>lox</i> system in cell line; The incorporation of site-specific recombination systems can help to overcome bottlenecks in livestock transgenic technology. For evaluating the efficiency of Cre/lox mediated DNA recombination in embryos and somatic cells, a working model was established using rat mammary carcinoma cell line SHZ-88, aimed at creation of and use repeatedly of selected "friendly loci" in transgenic livestock. An integration vector pTE-lox2272-DsRed-loxP-GFP-loxP, which red fluorescence gene DsRed served as the first target gene and green fluorescence gene GFP as marker gene, was constructed for introduction of acceptor loci in genome. At the same time a replacement vector pT-lox2272-neo-loxP in which Neo coding sequence served as the second target gene was also constructed for replacing DsRed gene. Transgenic cell clones were produced by electroporating SHZ-88 cell with the integration vector. Cells from three transgenic clones selected randomly were further amplified and were then co-electroporated with the replacement vector as well as cre gene. Analysis of the expression patterns of DsRed and GFP indicated that among the 1 070 cell colonies the efficiency on marker GFP deletion was 91.1% and the efficiency on gene replacement was 29.3%. Molecular analysis by PCR and Southern blotting confirmed that the color patterns as expressed by cell colonies could represent the actual molecular events. This working model mediated by Cre/lox system should be useful for the improvement of the present animal transgenic technology.
Influence of cabbage processing methods and prebiotic manipulation of colonic microflora on glucosinolate breakdown in man; Glucosinolate consumption from brassica vegetables has been implicated in reduction of cancer risk. The isothiocyanate breakdown products of glucosinolates appear to be particularly important as chemoprotective agents. Before consumption, brassica vegetables are generally cooked, causing the plant enzyme, myrosinase, to be denatured, influencing the profile of glucosinolate breakdown products produced. Some human intestinal microflora species show myrosinase-like activity (e.g. bifidobacteria). We aimed to increase bifidobacteria by offering a prebiotic (inulin) in a randomised crossover study. Six volunteers consumed inulin (10 g/d) for 21 d followed by a 21 d control period (no inulin). Treatment periods were reversed for the remaining six volunteers. During the last 5 d of each period two cabbage-containing meals were consumed. Total urine output was collected for 24 h following each meal. Cabbage was microwaved for 2 min (lightly cooked) or 5.5 min (fully cooked). Faecal samples were collected at the start and after the inulin and control treatments. Bifidobacteria were enumerated by real-time PCR. Allyl isothiocyanate production was quantified by measuring urinary excretion of allyl mercapturic acid (AMA). Bifidobacteria increased following prebiotic supplementation (P < 0.001) but there was no impact of this increase on AMA excretion. AMA excretion was greater following consumption of lightly cooked cabbage irrespective of prebiotic treatment (P < 0.001). In conclusion, the most effective way to increase isothiocyanate production may be to limit the length of time that brassica vegetables are cooked prior to consumption.
Intake of total, animal and plant protein and subsequent changes in weight or waist circumference in European men and women: the Diogenes project; Background: As protein is considered to increase thermogenesis and satiety more than other macronutrients, it may have beneficial effects on prevention of weight gain and weight maintenance. Objective: The objective of this study is to assess the association between the amount and type of dietary protein, and subsequent changes in weight and waist circumference (WC). Methods: 89 432 men and women from five countries participating in European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) were followed for a mean of 6.5 years. Associations between the intake of protein or subgroups of protein (from animal and plant sources) and changes in weight (g per year) or WC (cm per year) were investigated using gender and centre-specific multiple regression analyses. Adjustments were made for other baseline dietary factors, baseline anthropometrics, demographic and lifestyle factors and follow-up time. We used random effect meta-analyses to obtain pooled estimates across centres. Results: Higher intake of total protein, and protein from animal sources was associated with subsequent weight gain for both genders, strongest among women, and the association was mainly attributable to protein from red and processed meat and poultry rather than from fish and dairy sources. There was no overall association between intake of plant protein and subsequent changes in weight. No clear overall associations between intakes of total protein or any of the subgroups and changes in WC were present. The associations showed some heterogeneity between centres, but pooling of estimates was still considered justified. Conclusion: A high intake of protein was not found associated with lower weight or waist gain in this observational study. In contrast, protein from food items of animal origin, especially meat and poultry, seemed to be positively associated with long-term weight gain. There were no clear associations for waist changes. International Journal of Obesity (2011) 35, 1104-1113; doi:10.1038/ijo.2010.254; published online 7 December 2010
Iron status of middle-aged women in five counties of rural China; Objective: To determine the relationships of dietary iron sources, other dietary factors, and lifestyle to iron status among premenopausal and recently postmenopausal Chinese women with widely varying regional dietary patterns. Design: Cross-sectional. Subjects were interviewed, blood samples were drawn, and dietary intakes were measured by a 3-day dietary survey for subjects in the five survey counties. Setting: Rural China Subjects: About 80 randomly selected subjects per county among women aged 32-66 y. Main outcome measures: Blood hemoglobin, plasma ferritin, and plasma iron. Results: Total iron intake was relatively high (15-29 mg/d) compared to developed counties. Heme iron intake was negligible in two of the study counties. Overall levels of iron deficiency anemia were relatively low in these generally iron-stressed women. There was no clear statistical relationship between iron intake and physiological iron status. Although several measures of dietary intake (heme iron, dietary calcium, animal protein) were correlated with several measures of iron status before adjusting for survey county, only dietary animal protein was significantly positively correlated with plasma ferritin after adjusting for the possibly confounding factor of the survey county (r = 0.15, P = 0.009). Intakes of potential inhibitors of iron absorption, such as tea, even in very high amounts, were not correlated to iron status. Plasma ferritin was positively correlated with plasma retinol (P = 0.024) and cholesterol (P = 0.007). Systemic inflammatory response, as indicated by high plasma C-reactive protein levels, was shown to be raised in a group of subjects with apparently contradictory high levels of ferritin and low levels of hemoglobin (P = 0.03). Conclusions: Iron nutriture in these areas of rural China seemed more related to physiological factors such as inflammatory response, menses, plasma vitamin A and cholesterol, than to dietary factors. Sponsors: NIH grant 5RO1 CA33638, Kellogg Co., Northeast Dairy Foods Research Center, American Institute for Cancer Research.
Impact of the earthquake of September 26, 1997 in Umbria, Italy on the socioenvironmental and psychophysical conditions of an elderly population; The consequences of natural disasters on the social and health status of older people have not been deeply considered. The aim of this study was to evaluate the socioenvironmental and psychophysical conditions of an elderly population after a devastating earthquake. A randomly selected group of 332 older people (greater than or equal to 64 years) was selected among 1548 eligible subjects living in the city of Nocera Umbra four months after an earthquake of 5.6 magnitude on the Richter scale. Three geriatricians evaluated the study subjects by means of a structured interview, and standardized scales, which considered physical and mental status, mood and anxiety, and self-perception of well-being as well as the characteristics of family composition and social interactions Of the study subjects, 11.1% lived alone, and 33.4% with the spouse only. Most were self-sufficient in the basic activities of dairy life. Musculoskeletal diseases and hypertension were the most frequently observed pathologies in this geriatric population. In addition, 47.9% of the subjects lived in temporary houses; this group more frequently suffered from hypertension, and had a higher score of comorbidity as measured by Cumulative Illness Rating Scale (CIRS) compared to people who remained at home. People living in the pre-fabricated huts also showed a higher score on the Geriatric Depression Scale and the Hamilton scale for anxiety. and complained more often of their health status, evaluated as self-perception si well-being when compared to the home dwellers. Although all the studied subjects suffered from the discomforts caused by the earthquake, the precariousness of living in temporary houses, whose structural characteristics do not take the needs of elderly subjects into account, could justify the higher distress experienced by persons housed in the huts. These observations suggest that, after natural disasters, emergency programs should be more adapted to elderly people, whose needs and expectations are often different from those of young adults. (Aging Clin. Exp. Res. 12: 281-286, 2000) (C) 2000, Editrice Kurtis.
Estrous cycle regulation of mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and death in the Sprague-Dawley rat: A model for investigating the role of estrous cycling in mammary carcinogenesis; The Sprague-Dawley rat is highly regarded for studies designed to investigate the effects of endocrine modulation on mammary carcinogenesis. In this study, we further evaluate the validity of the Sprague-Dawley rat model for the study of human breast cancer by evaluating the effects of normal 4-day estrous cycling on mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptotic death. Trends in mammary gland development with stage of 4-day estrous cycle were evident. Mammary glands isolated from follicular and early luteal stages had predominantly ductal histoarchitecture, whereas glands isolated from mid-late luteal were predominantly lobuloalveolar. Quantitation of BrdU incorporation revealed that epithelial cell proliferation was eight-fold higher in metestrus and diestrus-l than in proestrus. Expression of beta -casein and whey acidic protein (WAP)(4) mRNA was also highly dependent on stage of estrous, with detection restricted to midcycle. Apoptotic cell death of mammary epithelium was found to be suppressed during the peak in cell proliferation. TRPM-2/clusterin mRNA was elevated when apoptosis was low and milk protein mRNA levels were high, consistent with putative roles for TRPM-2/clusterin in inhibiting cell death in regressing tissues and inducing mammary epithelial cell differentiation. Cell proliferation, differentiation, and death occurred only in a subset of epithelial cells per estrous cycle, and these cells appeared randomly distributed throughout multiple ductules and alveoli. These observations suggest that cellular response(s) to ovarian hormone-dependent signals is asynchronous. Cumulatively, these observations demonstrate that rat mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and death are under the control of cycling ovarian hormones, similarly to the human mammary epithelium during the menstrual cycle.
Health effects of chronic high exposure to hexachlorobenzene in a general population sample; Hexachlorobenzene, an organochlorine compound that accumulates in humans, is widespread throughout the environment. In this study, we describe the health status of inhabitants of a rural village that surrounds an electrochemical factory characterized by high levels of hexachlorobenzene in the air. During 1994, we conducted a cross-sectional study of 1 800 inhabitants in the south of Catalonia, Spain, who were older than 14 y of age. We obtained information on lifestyles and occupational and medical histories via questionnaire. Self-reported health outcomes were validated against clinical records and cancer registry data. Serum revels of hexachlorobenzene were very high in males who worked in the electrochemical factory (geometric mean = 54.6 ng/ml in randomized participants). Levels were lower among subjects who had never worked in the electrochemical factory (females, 14.9 ng/ml; males, 9.0 ng/ml). Levels of other organochlorine compounds (i.e., beta-hexachlorocyclohexane, 2,2-bis[p-chlorophenyl]-1,1-dichloroethylene) were in the same range found in of her communities, Perceived health, prevalence of self-reported common chronic conditions, and porphyria cutanea tarda, thyroid pathology, Parkinson's disease, cancer, and reproductive outcomes were within the ranges observed in other studies. Employment in the plant, however, was associated with having any of the a priori selected health outcomes that were potentially related to exposure to hexachlorobenzene (odds ratio for cancer prevalence = 1.9; 95% confidence interval = 0.5, 7.6). Our population of workers and nonworkers had the highest revels of hexachlorobenzene ever described. The results suggest that exposure to hexachlorobenzene did not affect the general health status of the this population, but it was associated with specific health effects of the most highly exposed subjects.
Why do women doctors in the UK take hormone replacement therapy?; Study objectives-To ascertain the determinants and experiences of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) use by menopausal women doctors. Design-Postal questionnaire. Setting-UK. Patients-A randomised stratified sample of women doctors who obtained full registration between 1952 and 1976, taken from the current Principal List of the UK Medical Register. Main outcome measures-Current and previous use of HRT; reasons for and against HRT use; menopausal status; hormonal contraceptive use; lifestyle patterns; family and personal history of disease. Main results-While 73.2% of 471 users had started HRT for symptom relief, 60.9% cited prevention of osteoporosis and 32.7% prevention of cardiovascular disease. Altogether 18.7% had started for preventive purposes alone. Significant predisposing. factors to starting HRT were the presence and severity of menopausal symptoms, surgical menopause, past use of hormonal contraception, and a family history of osteoporosis. HRT users were also more likely to use skimmed rather than full fat milk, to try to increase their intake of fruit, vegetables, and fibre, and to undertake vigorous physical activity at least once a week. They were less likely to have had breast cancer. Long duration users were more likely than short duration users to be past users of hormonal contraception and to be using HRT for prevention of osteoporosis as well as symptom relief; they were less likely to have experienced side effects. Conclusions-The high usage of HRT by women doctors reflects the fact that many started HRT on their own initiative and with long term prevention in mind. The results may become generalisable to the wider population as information on the potential benefits of HRT is disseminated and understood. However, HRT users may differ slightly from non-users in health-related behaviour and a substantial minority may never take up HRT, at least until the benefit-risk ratio is more clearly established.
The influence of <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> LC705 together with <i>Propionibacterium freudenreichii</i> ssp <i>shermanii</i> JS on potentially carcinogenic bacterial activity in human colon; The bacterial enzymes beta-glucosidase, beta-glucuronidase, and urease may contribute to the development of colon cancer by generating carcinogens. A reduction in the activity of these enzymes by certain lactic acid bacteria is considered to be beneficial. This study examined fecal beta-glucosidase, beta-glucuronidase, and urease activities during administration of Lactobacillus rhamnosus LC705 (LC705) together with Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp shermanii JS (PJS). Thirty-eight healthy men participated in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled. two-period crossover study with treatment periods of 4 weeks. Subjects consumed daily bacterial or placebo capsules. Bacterial capsules contained viable LC705 and PJS (2x10(10) CFU of each strain daily). The activities of beta-glucosidase, beta-glucuronidase and urease, recovery of LC705 and PJS, and counts of total lactobacilli and propionibacteria were determined from feces. The mean fecal counts of total lactobacilli and propionibacteria as well as strains LC705 and PJS were significantly increased during the administration of bacteria (3.5-, 13-, 80-and 11-fold, respectively). beta-glucosidase activity decreased by 10% (P=0.18) and urease activity by 13% (P=0.16) during bacterial supplementation versus placebo. The change in beta-glucosidase activity was negatively correlated with the change in propionibacteria counts (R=-0.350, P=0.039), being -2.68 versus 0.94 nmol/min/mg protein in subjects with increased and unchanged/decreased propionibacteria, respectively (P=0.003). To conclude. the administration of LC705 and PJS was followed by an increase in the fecal counts of lactobacilli and propionibacteria and a decrease in the activity of beta-glucosidase with increasing counts of propionibacteria. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
BREAST-CANCER AND SERUM ORGANOCHLORINES - A PROSPECTIVE-STUDY AMONG WHITE, BLACK, AND ASIAN WOMEN; Background: Five small case-control studies have examined the relationship between exposure to organochlorines and the risk of breast cancer and have found inconsistent results. In these studies, organochlorine levels in breast cancer patients were measured after (or at most 6 months before) diagnosis. Purpose: We tested the hypothesis that organochlorines are a risk factor for breast cancer, using prospectively gathered data on serum levels of DDE [1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene] (the main metabolite of the pesticide DDT [2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)-1,1,1-trichloroethane]) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Methods: Study subjects belonged to a cohort of 57 040 women (46 629 white, 8123 black, and 2288 Asian) from the San Francisco Bay Area who took a multiphasic health examination, independent of concern about risk of breast cancer, in the late 1960s. At that time, a sample of blood was obtained, then frozen and stored. Follow-up was through December 31, 1990. We conducted a nested case-control study of 150 case patients and 150 matched control subjects. A random sample of 50 women per racial/ethnic group who had been diagnosed with breast cancer more than 6 months after the multiphasic examination (mean follow-up = 14.2 years) was selected, and each case patient was matched to a cancer-free control subject. Results: Matched analyses found no differences in the case patients' and control subjects' serum levels of DDE (mean difference = 0.2 parts per billion [ppb]; 95% confidence interval [CI] = -6.7, 7.2) or PCBs (mean difference = -0.4 ppb; 95% CI = -0.8, 0.1). DDE levels, however, tended to be higher among black case patients compared with black controls (mean difference 5.7 ppb; 95% CI = -3.3, 14.8), and PCBs were lower among white case patients compared with white controls (mean difference = -0.6 ppb; 95% CI = -1.2, -0.1). Organochlorine levels were significantly higher among black and Asian women compared with white women. The mean difference for DDE was 11.0 ppb for black women (95% CI = 4.3, 17.6) and 12.6 ppb for Asian women (95% CI = 6.0, 19.2); for PCBs, the respective differences were 0.8 ppb for black women (95% CI = 0.2, 1.4) and 1.4 ppb for Asian women (95% CI = 0.8, 1.9). The results were not altered by adjusting for relevant confounders, and the lack of association between exposure to organochlorines and breast cancer was present regardless of length of follow-up, year of diagnosis, or the case patient's menopausal and estrogen-receptor status, Conclusion: The data do not support the hypothesis that exposure to DDE and PCBs increases risk of breast cancer. Implications: Future investigations must consider the biologic mechanisms involved and variations in exposure to chemical pollutants and of breast cancer incidence rates among diverse groups of women.
The Form of Choline in the Maternal Diet Affects Immune Development in Suckled Rat Offspring; Background: Lipid-soluble phosphatidylcholine (PC) and aqueous free choline are absorbed and metabolized differently, but the metabolic effects of feeding these 2 forms of choline have not been thoroughly investigated. Objective: We sought to compare the effects of PC and free choline in the maternal diet on the development of the offspring's immune system. Methods: During lactation, Sprague-Dawley dams (n = 10) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 diet groups containing the same concentration of total choline (1 g/kg diet) as free choline (choline bitartrate) or PC (egg lecithin). The splenocytes of pups aged 21 d were isolated and stimulated ex vivo with concanavalin A (ConA) or lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and the choline concentrations of stomach content, plasma, and the spleen were measured. Results: Pups from PC-fed dams had a lower proportion of cells involved in antigen presentation but produced 54% more interleukin (IL)-2, 163% more IL-6, and 107% more IFN-gamma after ConA stimulation and 110% more IL-6 and 43% more tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha after LPS stimulation (all P < 0.05). The PC concentrations were significantly higher in the plasma and spleen of pups from PC-fed dams (P < 0.05). Increasing the supply of PC in the form of lysophosphatidylcholine to splenocytes in vitro increased the rate of proliferation and IL-2 production and the surface expression of CD25, CD28, CD71, and CD152 on CD8+ T cells, suggesting 1 possible mechanism. Conclusions: The results of this study demonstrate that providing choline to rats in the form of PC (compared to free choline), possibly by increasing the supply of PC to the suckling pups, promotes maturation and improves function of the offspring's immune system.
The Volume of Nipple Aspirate Fluid Is Not Affected by 6 Months of Treatment with Soy Foods in Premenopausal Women; Rased on the hypothesis that soy food consumption may influence breast tissue act vity, we examined its effect on the production of nipple aspirate fluid (NAF), a poss ble ndicator of breast cancer risk. Of 310 premenopausal women screened, 112 (36%) produced at least 10 mu of NAF, tie minimum for study participat on In a crossover des gn, we randomized 96 women to 2 groups who, in reverse order, consumed a high-soy diet with 2 soy servings/d (1 serving = 177 nil. soy milk, 260 tofu, or 230 soy nuts) and a low-soy diet with <3 servings/wk of soy for 6 mo each separated by a 1-mo washout: period During each diet period, 3 NAF samples were obtained (baseline and 3 and 6 mo) using a FirstCyte Asp rator and 4 urine samples (baseline and 1, 3, and 6 mo) were analyzed for isoflavono ds by liquid chromatography tandem MS. Adherence to the study protocol according to 24-h dietary recalls and urinary isoflavonoid excretion was high. The drop-out rate was 15% in = 141; 82 women completed the intervention. The 2 groups produced similar mean NAP volumes at baseline (P = 0.95) but differed in age ana previous soy intake and in their response to the intervention (P = 0.03). In both groups, NAF volume decreased during the first 3 mo of the high-soy diet period and returned to baseline at 6 mo, but there was no effect of the high-soy diet on NAF volume (P = 0.50 for deit; P-interaction = 0.21 or diet with time). Contrary to an earlier report, soy foods in amounts consumed by Asians did not increase breast tissue activity as assessed by NAF volume. J. Nutr. 141: 626-630, 2011.
CO-OCCURRENCE OF AFLATOXINS, OCHRATOXIN A, FUMONISINS, AND ZEARALENONE IN CEREALS AND FEED, DETERMINED BY COMPETITIVE DIRECT ENZYME-LINKED IMMUNOSORBENT ASSAY AND THIN-LAYER CHROMATOGRAPHY; Aspergillus, Penicillium, and Fusarium species frequently contaminate crops. For this reason mycotoxins such as aflatoxins (AFs), ochratoxin A (OTA), fumonisins (FBs), and zearalenone (ZEA) are found in food and feed in a wide range of concentrations, depending on environmental and storage conditions. Consumption of mycotoxin-contaminated food and feed has been associated with acute and chronic poisoning and carcinoma. The aim of this study was to determine the incidence and co-occurrence of AFs (B-1+B-2+G(1)+G(2)), OTA, FBs (B-1+B-2+B-3), and ZEA in 37 samples of cereals and feed randomly collected in 2007 from households of an endemic nephropathy (EN) area in Croatia. The mycotoxins were determined using the competitive direct ELISA test (CD-ELISA) in combination with thin-layer chromatography (TLC). The most frequent mycotoxin was ZEA (92%, mean 318.3 mu g kg(-1)), followed by FBs (27%, 3690 mu g kg(-1)), AFs (24.3%, 4.6 mu g kg(-1)), and OTA (16.2%, 9.8 mu g kg(-1)). Levels of AFs, ZEA, and FBs detected by CD-ELISA significantly correlated with the TLC results. However, only one OTA-positive sample was confirmed by TLC due to its high limit of detection. The levels of these mycotoxins were below the permissible limit for animal feed. Twenty-nine percent of cereals were contaminated with FBs, OTA, or ZEA in mass fractions above the permissible limit for humans. Co-occurrence of two toxins varied between 4.2% and 54% and of three between 4.2% and 7.6%. Prolonged co-exposure to AFs, OTA, FBs, and ZEA might increase the risk of various chronic diseases.
Genotyping and antibiotic resistance properties of <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> strains isolated from human and animal gastric biopsies; Purpose: The present study was done to assess the prevalence rate, antibiotic resistance pattern and genotyping status of the Helicobacter pylori strains isolated from human and animal gastric biopsy samples. Patients and methods: A total of 1,150 gastric biopsy samples were randomly collected from humans (children and adults) and animals (cows, sheep and goats). All samples were subjected to culture, urease test and histopathologic examination. H. pylori isolates were also confirmed using the 16S rRNA gene PCR-amplification. Antibiotic resistance pattern was assessed by the disk diffusion method. Distribution of different genotypes was studied by PCR. Results: The prevalence of H. pylori in gastric biopsy samples which were studied using urease test, culture and histological examination were 57.04%, 55.40% and 60.80%, respectively. Samples that were collected from adult humans (78%) and sheep (70%) had the highest prevalence of H pylori strains, while those of goats (0.6%) and cows (4%) had the lowest. Findings of the culture method were confirmed using PCR-based amplification of 16S rRNA. Distribution of H. pylori among the gastric ulcers, duodenal ulcers, chronic gastritis gastric cancer and chronic cancer samples were 10.40%, 15.70%, 96.50%, 0.60% and 3.14%, respectively. H. pylori strains harbored the highest prevalence of resistance against ampicillin (74.4%), clarithromycin (63.4%), trimethoprim (61.5%) and metronidazole (61.5%). The most commonly detected genotypes among the H. pylori strains isolated from different types of biopsy samples were cagA (84.79%), vacA m2 (55.95%), vacA s1a (49.84%), cagE (48.58%), iceA1 (47.02%) and iceA2 (47.02%). Conclusion: High prevalence of antibiotic resistance and virulent genotypes indicates an important public health issue. Similarities in antibiotic resistance and genotyping pattern of H. pylori strains isolated from humans and animals may show their similar routes of infection.
Lifestyle and behavioural interventions for men on watchful waiting with uncomplicated lower urinary tract symptoms: a national multidisciplinary survey; OBJECTIVE To determine the use of lifestyle and behavioural interventions in the UK for symptom control in men with uncomplicated lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) on watchful waiting (WW). METHOD Semi-structured interviews with urologists, nurse practitioners and continence advisors were used to obtain a list of lifestyle and behavioural interventions used in men with LUTS. From the 18 interventions identified, a survey was constructed asking how often these interventions were used in routine practice. The survey was sent to 100 consultant urologists (British Association of Urological Surgeons), 100 nurse practitioners (British Association of Urological Nurses), and 100 continence advisors (International Continence Society) with an interest in male urology, all randomly selected. RESULTS Of 248 (83%) responses, 236 were suitable for analysis; 193 (82%) of the respondents reported using lifestyle or behavioural interventions in men on WW with uncomplicated LUTS. The most frequently used interventions were education about the prostate and bladder, avoiding caffeine, urethral milking and reassuring men that they do not have prostate cancer. The use of lifestyle and behavioural interventions showed an 'all-or-none' pattern. Respondents used either few or many of the 18 interventions identified. There was considerable variation in the extent to which these interventions were used among the survey groups (P < 0.01); urologists used these interventions the least and continence advisors the most. CONCLUSIONS Lifestyle and behavioural interventions are advised by many medical professionals to men on WW with uncomplicated LUTS. However, the use varies considerably, with some medical professionals advising many of these interventions and some a few or none at all. Further research is required to define and test the effectiveness of these interventions in reducing LUTS.
In Silico and In Vitro Studies of Mycotoxins and Their Cocktails; Their Toxicity and Its Mitigation by Silibinin Pre-Treatment; Mycotoxins found in randomly selected commercial milk thistle dietary supplement were evaluated for their toxicity in silico and in vitro. Using in silico methods, the basic physicochemical, pharmacological, and toxicological properties of the mycotoxins were predicted using ACD/Percepta. The in vitro cytotoxicity of individual mycotoxins was determined in mouse macrophage (RAW 264.7), human hepatoblastoma (HepG2), and human embryonic kidney (HEK 293T) cells. In addition, we studied the bioavailability potential of mycotoxins and silibinin utilizing an in vitro transwell system with differentiated human colon adenocarcinoma cells (Caco-2) simulating mycotoxin transfer through the intestinal epithelial barrier. The IC50 values for individual mycotoxins in studied cells were in the biologically relevant ranges as follows: 3.57-13.37 nM (T-2 toxin), 5.07-47.44 nM (HT-2 toxin), 3.66-17.74 nM (diacetoxyscirpenol). Furthermore, no acute toxicity was obtained for deoxynivalenol, beauvericin, zearalenone, enniatinENN-A, enniatin-A1, enniatin-B, enniatin-B1, alternariol, alternariol-9-methyl ether, tentoxin, and mycophenolic acid up to the 50 nM concentration. The acute toxicity of these mycotoxins in binary combinations exhibited antagonistic effects in the combinations of T-2 with DON, ENN-A1, or ENN-B, while the rest showed synergistic or additive effects. Silibinin had a significant protective effect against both the cytotoxicity of three mycotoxins (T-2 toxin, HT-2 toxin, DAS) and genotoxicity of AME, AOH, DON, and ENNs on HEK 293T. The bioavailability results confirmed that AME, DAS, ENN-B, TEN, T-2, and silibinin are transported through the epithelial cell layer and further metabolized. The bioavailability of silibinin is very similar to mycotoxins poor penetration.
Conclusion on the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance phosmet; Phosmet is one of the 52 substances of the second stage of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 451/20003, as amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/20024. This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within one year a conclusion on the risk assessment to the European Commission. Spain being the designated rapporteur Member State submitted the DAR on phosmet in accordance with the provisions of Article 8(1) of the amended Regulation (EC) No 451/2000, which was received by the EFSA on 23 August 2004. Following a quality check on the DAR, the peer review was initiated on 03 September 2004 by dispatching the DAR for consultation of the Member States and the sole applicant Margarita Internacional. Subsequently, the comments received on the DAR were examined by the rapporteur Member State and the need for additional data was agreed in an evaluation meeting on 18 May 2005. Remaining issues as well as further data made available by the notifier upon request were evaluated in a series of scientific meetings with Member State experts in September 2005. A final discussion of the outcome of the consultation of experts took place with representatives from the Member States on 6 April 2006 leading to the conclusions set out in the EFSA Conclusion finalised on 12 May 2006 (EFSA Scientific Report (2006) 75). Phosmet was included in Annex I of Directive 91/414 by Commission Directive 2007/25/EC of 23 April, 20075. The entry into force of the Annex I inclusion was 1 October 2007. In March 2010 the European Commission received a request to modify the ADI for phosmet, based on an evaluation of new toxicological data carried out by the United Kingdom following an application from Gowan Comercio Internacional e Servicos. In compliance with the Guidance Document SANCO 10328/2006 rev. 6, the European Commission invited all Member States and EFSA to provide comments on the new evaluation. Following consideration of the comments received, the European Commission requested EFSA to organise a peer review of the new evaluation and to deliver its conclusions on the new proposed ADI for phosmet. The conclusion was reached on the basis of the evaluation of the representative uses as an acaracide and insecticide as proposed by the applicant which comprises tractor-mounted spraying and airblast assisted sprayers in orchards. Application is made to citrus fruit at a rate of 0.5 kg phosmet per hectare, pome fruit at 0.3 kg phosmet per hectare and potatoes at 0.5 kg phosmet per hectare. The representative formulated product for the evaluation was Imidan 50 WP a wettable powder (WP) registered under different trade names in Europe. The representative uses assessed were located in southern Europe only as stated in the application for annex 1 listing. No conclusion on the equivalence of the two sources could be made as some mammalian toxicology data were missing. In the main adequate methods are available to monitor all compounds given in the respective residue definition. The residue definition for water can not be finalised due to outstanding ecotoxicology data. The method for body fluids and tissues is currently only validated for phosmet and as the oxon is in the residue definition further validation data will be required. Only single methods for the determination of residues are available since a multi-residue-method like the German S19 or the Dutch MM1 is not applicable due to the nature of the residues. Limited analytical methods as well as methods and data relating to physical, chemical and technical properties are available to ensure that quality control measurements of the plant protection product are possible. There are some outstanding issues related to the relevant impurities. The toxicological risk assessment is based on the assumption that the studies have been performed with a test material that covers the current technical specification. The absorption is rapid and almost complete, there is no accumulation in tissues and the excretion is mainly via urine. Phosmet is toxic by oral administration and the proposed classification is T, R25. It is non-irritant to skin and eyes and does not cause sensitisation by skin contact. The critical effect after repeated exposure is depression of the plasma, erythrocyte and brain acetylcholinesterase activities. The most sensitive species is the dog. Phosmet is an in vitro but not in vivo genotoxic agent. Increased incidence of liver tumours is observed in mice at the highest dose level (14 mg/kg bw/day), higher than controls but within the same range as historical control data. In a two-generation study with rats, the fertility parameters and the offspring are not directly affected. Phosmet shows no evidence of teratogenicity in rat or rabbits, and no potential to induce delayed neurotoxicity. The Acceptable Daily Intake (ADI) is 0.01 mg/kg bw/day, based on a NOAEL of 1 mg/kg bw/day from the rat multigeneration study, supported by short-term studies in dogs and rats and a long-term study in rats. The Acute Reference Dose (ARfD) is 0.045 mg/kg bw and the Acceptable Operator Exposure Level (AOEL) 0.02 mg/kg bw/day. For the use on potatoes and pomes, exposure estimates according to the German model are below the AOEL for operators wearing personal protective equipment and respiratory protective equipment. In spite of these high protection measures, the operator exposure is above the AOEL during application on citrus fruits. Estimates of worker and bystander exposure are below the AOEL for all the supported uses. Plant metabolism studies with 14C-phosmet in cherries, potatoes and corn are available covering the representative uses. A common metabolic pathway is proposed. Phosmet is able to penetrate through the plant surface where the main metabolic reactions take place. Within the plant tissues only a limited transport is observed. The primary metabolic reactions are hydrolysis and conjugation reactions which produce phthalic acid and a range of related compounds, none of them containing the phosphorodithioate group. Oxidation reaction leading to the oxygen analogue phosmet oxon is a minor metabolic reaction. Considering the fact that oxygen analogue compounds are of high toxicity and the fact that no specific information on the toxicological significance of this compound is available, it was concluded to include phosmet oxon in the residue definition for risk assessment and monitoring purposes. However, pending on the outcome of the study aimed to address the relative potency of phosmet oxon in comparison with the parent compound, it might be necessary to reconsider the residue definitions. Supervised residue trials in oranges, apples and potatoes have been submitted, which allow the proposal of the following MRLs: oranges and pome fruit: 0.2 mg/kg, respectively, potatoes: 0.02* mg/ kg. No MRLs are proposed for other citrus fruit as the available trials in oranges are not suitable for extrapolation to the whole crop group. Supervised residue trials in oranges, apples and potatoes have been submitted, which allow the proposal of the following MRLs: oranges and pome fruit: 0.2 mg/kg, respectively, potatoes: 0.02* mg/kg. No MRLs are proposed for other citrus fruit as the available trials in oranges are not suitable for extrapolation to the whole crop group. The effects of processing on the nature and the level of residues were investigated. Under conditions simulating pasteurisation, baking/brewing/boiling and sterilisation, phosmet degraded to less toxic compounds or compounds that occurred also in animal metabolism studies. The transfer factors to apple juice, apple pure and canned apples were very low, with residues essentially left in the pomace and peel fractions. Studies on succeeding or rotational crops are not required due to the fast degradation of phosmet in soil. Livestock can be exposed to residues of phosmet through consumption of fruit pomace and potatoes. Metabolism studies in lactating goat and laying hens demonstrated that phosmet will not occur in animal tissues, milk and eggs when livestock is fed with feed produced according to GAP for the supported use. The consumer risk assessment was carried out taking into account chronic and acute exposures according to the provisional residue definition (sum of phosmet and phosmet oxon, expressed as phosmet). The calculations indicate that the exposure will be below the ADI and the ARfD, respectively. In aerobic laboratory soil degradation studies (20 degrees C, 21-50% soil maximum water holding capacity) phosmet exhibited low persistence and did not form any major (>10% AR) extractable non volatile soil metabolites. The major sink for the radiolabels used in the experiments was mineralisation to CO2 (5377% applied radioactivity (AR) at 120-150 days). Residue not extracted by acetone /acidified acetone accounted for 17-38% AR at 150 days. In field dissipation studies carried out in the USA phosmet also exhibited low persistence. Under laboratory (23 degrees C) anaerobic soil conditions the major (14.5% AR) metabolite N-hydroxymethyl phthalamic acid was identified. Based in the results of laboratory batch adsorption studies phosmet exhibited low mobility being considered immobile in one of the four soils tested. In a BBA guideline lysimeter study carried out in Switzerland that covers the applied for representative uses if applications are made in July, there was no leaching of radioactivity (excluding CO2) in collected leachate samples > 0.06 mu g/L, confirming the results of FOCUS scenario groundwater modelling for parent phosmet and indicating leaching of the soil metabolites that are formed at low levels is unlikely to be significant. All this information indicates, that for the applied for intended uses, the potential for groundwater exposure above the parametric drinking water limit of 0.1 mu g/L is negligible. In laboratory (20 degrees C) natural sediment water systems phosmet both dissipated rapidly by partitioning to sediment and degraded rapidly, resulting in it exhibiting very low persistence. The major (>10% AR) metabolites identified were: phthalamic acid phthalic acid and N-hydroxymethyl phthalimide. Based on the available sterile hydrolysis studies and laboratory aqueous photolysis study O, Odimethylphosphorodithioc acid and O, O-dimethylphosphoric acid may also be formed as major metabolites in natural surface waters. In sediment the only major component of the residue in addition to phosmet was phthalamic acid. All these identified breakdown products were themselves relatively labile. CO2 from the carbonyl radiolabel used in the natural sediment water studies was the major sink for the applied radioactivity (accounting for 80-92% AR at 100 days). FOCUS step 2 to 4 surface water assessments have been completed for parent phosmet (with step 4 just considering spray drift mitigation) but only southern European scenarios and then only early season application timings were simulated. As the applied for representative southern European uses assessed are not restricted to applications only being made later in the growing season, if phosmet is included in annex 1, then southern member states where later season uses are applied for, should carry out national assessments of the potential for surface water exposure and associated aquatic risk assessments from the drainage and runoff routes of entry to surface water, as it is not clear that the available EU level assessment covers these situations. Also the current assessment identifies that for the early season application southern European scenarios assessed, only 1 scenario for each crop (D6 potatoes, R4 citrus and pome fruit), represented a low risk to aquatic organisms without mitigation to reduce runoff input to surface water being considered. For all other geoclimatic situations assessed high risk was identified when only the spray drift risk was mitigated. A high acute risk to insectivorous birds was identified for all evaluated uses and also for herbivorous birds in potatoes. The initially identified high long-term risk to birds for all evaluated uses was reassessed based on measured residues in insects and grass. The refined long-term TER values for birds are above the Annex VI trigger. For a generic herbivorous mammal a potential high long-term risk was identified for all uses. The refined assessment based on selected focal mammalian species needs to be further justified. Phosmet is very toxic to aquatic organisms. Since data on acute toxicity to seven fish species are available the safety factor was lowered from 100 to 20. Risk mitigation measures to reduce spray drift input corresponding to 40 m in orchards and 20 m in potatoes are needed in order to meet this trigger for one FOCUS scenario in each crop. Based on data from an available mesocosm study, the same buffer zones will also be sufficient to protect aquatic invertebrates in southern Europe in case of early application for one FOCUS scenario in each crop. The risk assessment for the aquatic environment needs to be complemented with scenarios for later in the season, when drainage and runoff routes of entry are likely to contribute to the concentration in surface water from the assessed uses in southern Europe. Phosmet is very toxic to bees. The high risk needs to be managed at Member State level. Application should be avoided when there are likely to be any bees in the crop and a withholding period needs to be established. The risk to non-target arthropods is high. A potential for in-field recolonisation has been demonstrated, however further data is required to address the impact off-field and the potential for recolonisation from off-field areas. The risk to earthworms, other non-target soil macro-organisms, soil micro-organisms, non-target plants and biological methods of sewage treatment is considered to be low.
Rutin Supplementation Reduces Oxidative Stress, Inflammation and Apoptosis of Mammary Gland in Sheep During the Transition Period; Rutin, a common dietary flavonoid, exhibits remarkable pharmacological activities such as antioxidant and anti-inflammatory functions. Metabolic stress in mammals during the transition period affects mammary gland health. The aim of this experiment was to evaluate the protective effect of rutin supplementing against metabolic stress in the mammary glands of sheep during the transition period, particularly after parturition. Transition Hu sheep (2-3 years old with 62.90 +/- 2.80 kg) were randomly divided into three groups, the control group was fed a diet without rutin, while rutin (50 and 100 mg/kg body weight/day) was administered to the two treatment groups (-28 day to +28 day relative to parturition). Serum and blood samples were collected from jugular vein on days -14, -7, +1, +2, +7, +14, +21, +28 relative to parturition. Mammary tissue biopsy samples of four sheep from the treatment group were harvested on day +28 postpartum. Compared to that in the control group, rutin supplementation resulted in lower beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) while increasing the concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and globulin after lactation. Furthermore, rutin treatment led to lower hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) and malonaldehyde (MDA) levels, resulting in increased catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and total antioxidant potential (T-AOC). Compared to that in the control group, rutin inhibits the mRNA expression of inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). In addition, rutin markedly downregulated the ratio of phosphorylated NF-kappa B p65 (p-p65) to total NF-kappa B p65 (p65). Meanwhile, rutin supplementation resulted in high mRNA abundance of the nuclear factor erythroid 2-like 2 (NFE2L2, formerly NRF2) and its target gene, heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), which plays critical roles in maintaining the redox balance of the mammary gland. Furthermore, rutin treatment lowered the levels of various downstream apoptotic markers, including Bax, caspase3 and caspase9, while upregulating anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 protein. These data indicate the positive effect of rutin against inflammation, oxidative stress status, and anti-apoptotic activity in the mammary gland. The mechanism underlying these responses merits further study.
Sodium Butyrate Inhibits the Inflammation of Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Acute Lung Injury in Mice by Regulating the Toll-Like Receptor 4/Nuclear Factor κB Signaling Pathway; Bacterial pneumonia is a common disease in dairy herds worldwide, which brings great economic losses to farmers. Sodium butyrate (SB), an inhibitor of histone deacetylase, plays an important role in limiting inflammation. The purpose of this study was to investigate the protective effects of SB on lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced acute lung injury (ALI) in mice and explore the potential mechanism of SB protection. A total of 30 ICR mice were randomly divided into three groups (n = 10): a phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) intratracheal instillation group, a LPS intratracheal instillation group, and a SB gavage group (SB was given 1 h before the LPS stimulation). After 12 h, samples of the blood and lung tissue were collected from the mice for experimental analysis. The results showed that the concentration of inflammatory cytokines [interleukin 1 beta (IL1 beta) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha)], myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity in the lung tissue and blood, protein abundance of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B, p65), phosphorylated p65 (p-p65), inhibitor kappa B alpha (I kappa B alpha), and phosphorylated I kappa B alpha (p-I kappa B alpha), and relative mRNA expression of genes associated with inflammation, such as TLR4, NF-kappa B, IL1 beta, interleukin 6 (IL6), and TNF-alpha, were significantly upregulated in the LPS group compared to the PBS group. However, the SB addition markedly downregulated the levels of these parameters in the LSB group compared to those in the LPS group. Furthermore, the structure of the lung tissue from the LPS group was severely disrupted in comparison to that of the PBS group. However, with SB administration, the severe structural disruption was relieved. In addition, an immunohistochemical analysis showed that positive immunoreactions to TLR4, p65, and TNF-alpha were significant in the LPS group; however, SB addition markedly attenuated this phenomenon. In conclusion, the ALI mouse model was successfully established with an intratracheal instillation of LPS. Furthermore, gavage with SB inhibited inflammation in LPS-induced ALI.
Astaxanthin inhibits cytokines production and inflammatory gene expression by suppressing IκB kinase-dependent nuclear factor κB activation in pre and postpartum Murrah buffaloes during different seasons; Aim: We examined regulatory function of astaxanthin on mRNA expression of nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B) p65. interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), and interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in pre and postpartum Murrah buffaloes during summer (temperature-humidity index [THI]=86; relative humidity [RH]=24) and winter (THI=58.74; RH=73) seasons. Materials and Methods: A total of 32 Murrah buffaloes apparently healthy and in their one to four parity were selected from National Dairy Research Institute herd and equally distributed randomly into four groups (control and supplemented groups of buffaloes during summer and winter season, respectively). All groups were fed according to the nutrient requirement of buffaloes (ICAR, 2013). The treatment group was supplemented with astaxanthin at 0.25 mg/kg body weight/animal/day during the period 30 days before expected date of calving and up to 30 days postpartum. Results: There was downregulation of NF-kappa B p65 gene in all the groups. NF-kappa B p65 mRNA expression was lower (p<0.05) in treatment than control group from prepartum to postpartum during summer, while mRNA expression was low only on day 21 after calving during winter season. The mRNA expression of IL-6, TNF-alpha, and IFN-gamma was lower (p<0.05) in treatment than a control group of buffaloes during summer and winter seasons. The mRNA expression of NF-kappa B p65, IL-6, TNF-alpha, and IFN-gamma was higher (p<0.05) in summer than in winter seasons. Conclusion: The xanthophyll carotenoid astaxanthin a reddish-colored C-40 compound is a powerful broad-ranging antioxidant that naturally occurs in a wide variety of living organisms, such as microalgae, fungi, crustaceans, and complex plants. Astaxanthin blocked nuclear translocation of NF-kappa B p65 subunit and I kappa B alpha degradation, which correlated with its inhibitory effect on I kappa B kinase (IKK) activity. These results suggest that astaxanthin, probably due to its antioxidant activity, inhibits the production of inflammatory mediators by blocking NF-kappa B activation and as a consequent suppression of IKK. activity and I kappa B-degradation.
A paleolithic diet is more satiating per calorie than a mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischemic heart disease; Background: We found marked improvement of glucose tolerance and lower dietary energy intake in ischemic heart disease (IHD) patients after advice to follow a Paleolithic diet, as compared to a Mediterranean-like diet. We now report findings on subjective ratings of satiety at meals and data on the satiety hormone leptin and the soluble leptin receptor from the same study. Methods: Twenty-nine male IHD patients with impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes type 2, and waist circumference > 94 cm, were randomized to ad libitum consumption of a Paleolithic diet (n = 14) based on lean meat, fish, fruit, vegetables, root vegetables, eggs, and nuts, or a Mediterranean-like diet (n = 15) based on whole grains, low-fat dairy products, vegetables, fruit, fish, and oils and margarines during 12 weeks. In parallel with a four day weighed food record the participants recorded their subjective rating of satiety. Satiety Quotients were calculated, as the intra-meal quotient of change in satiety during meal and consumed energy or weight of food and drink for that specific meal. Leptin and leptin receptor was measured at baseline and after 6 and 12 weeks. Free leptin index was calculated as the ratio leptin/leptin receptor. Results: The Paleolithic group were as satiated as the Mediterranean group but consumed less energy per day (5.8 MJ/day vs. 7.6 MJ/day, Paleolithic vs. Mediterranean, p = 0.04). Consequently, the quotients of mean change in satiety during meal and mean consumed energy from food and drink were higher in the Paleolithic group (p = 0.03). Also, there was a strong trend for greater Satiety Quotient for energy in the Paleolithic group (p = 0.057). Leptin decreased by 31% in the Paleolithic group and by 18% in the Mediterranean group with a trend for greater relative decrease of leptin in the Paleolithic group. Relative changes in leptin and changes in weight and waist circumference correlated significantly in the Paleolithic group (p < 0.001) but not in the Mediterranean group. Changes in leptin receptor and free leptin index were not significant. Conclusions: A Paleolithic diet is more satiating per calorie than a Mediterranean-like diet.
What is the optimal treatment for symptomatic patients with isolated coronary myocardial bridge? A systematic review and pooled analysis; Background Myocardial bridging is a common coronary anomaly, with few severe adverse events but a relevant symptom burden. Myocardial bridging treatment, however, remains uncertain because of the lack of randomized trials. Material MEDLINE/PubMed was systematically screened for studies reporting on isolated myocardial bridging diagnosed at coronary angiography or with coronary computed tomography in patients admitted for suspected angina or with an acute coronary syndrome. Baseline, treatment and outcome data were appraised and pooled according to treatment (medical therapy, bypass surgery/myotomy or stenting). Results A total of 899 patients in 18 studies were included with a low prevalence of traditional risk factors, especially diabetes (15.6%, interquartile range 2.5-21.5). After a median of 31.0 months (interquartile range 12.4-37.1), major cardiovascular events (composite of death, myocardial infarction or target vessel revascularization) occurred in only 3.4% of the study patients and 78.7% [70.5-86.9; 95% confidence intervals (CI)] were managed conservatively and free of symptoms. When an invasive strategy was planned, freedom from angina was higher in patients treated with surgery [84.5% (78.4-90.7; 95% CI)] than in those treated with stenting [54.7% (38.9-70.6; 95% CI)]. Patients in the stenting group experienced a high incidence of major cardiovascular events related to target vessel revascularization [40.07% (19.83-60.32; 95% CI)]. Meta-regression showed that patients treated with beta-blockers or with a history of hypertension were more likely to remain free from angina (B=0.6, P=0.013; B=0.66, P=0.006). Conclusion Patients with symptomatic isolated myocardial bridging generally have a good long-term prognosis. Pharmacological treatment alone, especially with beta-blockers, is able to improve angina in most cases. Surgical treatment appears to be more effective than stenting in nonresponders.
Effects of dietary copper and molybdenum on copper status, cytokine production, and humoral immune response of calves; Twenty-four male Holstein calves were used to determine the effects of dietary Cu and Mo on performance, Cu status, and immune function of calves. Calves were fed a milk replacer that was deficient in Cu for 8 wk and then were randomly assigned after weaning to one of four treatments: 1) control (no supplemental Cu or Mo), 2) 10 mg of Cu (from CuSO4)/kg of dry matter (DM) (Cu diet), 3) 5 mg of Mo (from Na2MoO4)/kg of DM (Mo diet), or 4) 5 mg of Cu (from CuSO4) and 5 mg of Mo (from Na2MoO4)/kg of DM (Cu + Mo diet). The basal diet was a semipurified diet that contained approximately 1.1 mg of Cu and 1.1 mg of Mo/kg of DM. Calves fed the Cu and Mo diets gained weight more efficiently than those fed the control and Cu + Mo diets during the 112-d study. By d 84 of the study, calves fed the Cu diet had higher plasma Cu concentrations and plasma ceruloplasmin activities than did calves fed the other three diets and had higher Liver Cu concentrations on d 136. Plasma and liver Cu concentrations did not differ among calves fed the control, Mo, and Cu + Mo diets. At d 112, activity of Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase was lower in calves fed the Mo diet than in calves fed the Cu diet. Serum total antibodies to porcine erythrocytes (primary response) were lower in calves fed the Mo diet than in calves fed the Cu diet at 7, 14, and 21 d postinoculation. Production of tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-l by isolated peripheral blood monocytes was not significantly affected by treatment. Although no differences were apparent in plasma or Liver Cu concentrations among calves fed the control, Mo, and Cu + Mo diets, calves fed the Mo diet had a more severe Cu deficiency based on depressed humoral immune response and superoxide dismutase activity.
The effects of fermented soybean meal on immunophysiological and stress-related parameters in Holstein calves after weaning; The present experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of partial substitution of soybean meal (SBM) with fermented SBM (FSBM) on immunophysilogical and stress-related parameters in Holstein calves after weaning. Eighteen Holstein calves were randomly assigned to receive either SBM or FSBM (5% of SBM was replaced with FSBM) calf starter and calves were weaned at 42 d of age. It was noted that FSBM contained a lower content of trypsin inhibitor but higher crude protein, amino acids, and small-sized peptides than those of SBM. The group fed FSBM calf starter significantly increased body weight gain and intakes of both feed and milk, when compared with those fed OM calf starter at 4 wk of age. Calves fed the FSBM calf starter had significantly lower fecal scores than those fed the SBM calf starter during both pre- and postweaning periods. Calves also had better health scores when fed the FSBM calf starter than those fed SBM during the preweaning period. Weaning challenge significantly increased proinflammatory cytokines, tumor necrosis factor alpha, IL-1 beta, and IL-6 levels at 1 d postweaning (DPW). The TNF-alpha and IL-6 levels of the SBM group were significantly higher compared with those of the FSBM group at 3 DPW. Acute phase proteins (serum amyloid A and haptoglobin) in the serum were increased after weaning. Concentrations of serum amyloid A and haptoglobin in calves fed FSBM calf starter were significantly lower than those fed the SBM calf starter at 3 and 5 DPW, respectively. The concentration of cortisol was significantly lower in the FSBM group than that of the SBM group at 3 DPW. Weaning stress did not cause drastic changes in the total serum immunoglobulin levels and composition of peripheral lymphocytes. Our results indicate that FSBM may not only improve growth performance, feed intake, and health conditions during the preweaning period, but also alleviate stress responses, which was indicated by reduced induction of stress hormone, proinflammatory cytokines, and acute phase proteins in Holstein calves after weaning.
Periparturient Behavior and Physiology: Further Insight Into the Farrowing Process for Primiparous and Multiparous Sows; Giving birth is a critical time for many species and is often the most painful event ever experienced by females. In domestic species, like the pig, pain associated with parturition represents a potential welfare concern, and the consequences of pain can cause economic losses (e.g., by indirectly contributing to piglet mortality as pain could slow post-farrowing recovery, reduce food and water intake, reducing milk let-down). This study investigated pain assessment and its management in primiparous (gilts) and multiparous (sows) breeding pigs, including the provision of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) post-parturition. Individuals were randomly allocated to receive the NSAID ketoprofen (3 mg/kg bodyweight) (n = 11 gilts, 16 sows) or the equivalent volume of saline (n = 13 gilts, 16 sows) by intramuscular injection 1.5 h after the birth of the last piglet. Data collected included putative behavioral indicators of pain (back leg forward, tremble, back arch), salivary cortisol concentrations pre-farrowing and up to 7 days post-injection. In addition, post-partum biomarkers of inflammation, including the acute phase protein C-reactive protein (CRP) and 3 porcine cytokines [interleukin-1 beta (IL1 beta), interleukin-6 (IL6), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha)] were measured in plasma collected 6 h following the injection. Behaviors were analyzed using generalized linear mixed models, and physiological variables with linear mixed models. No difference in putative pain behaviors, salivary cortisol, CRP, or cytokines were found between individuals treated with ketoprofen or those administered the saline control. However, there were some differences between gilts and sows, as sows exhibited more putative pain behavior than gilts, had higher salivary cortisol on the day of farrowing and had higher plasma TNF alpha. Conversely, gilts had higher salivary cortisol than sows on day 3 post-farrowing and had higher CRP. This indicates that, like human females, multiparous sows experience more pain from uterine activity following birth than primiparas. This study provides useful information for developing management practices relating to post-farrowing care for breeding pigs.
Oral administration of docosahexaenoic acid attenuates interleukin-1β response and clinical course of septic neonates; Objective: To analyze cytokine responses and the clinical course of septic neonates orally supplemented with docosahexaenoic acid as well as to evaluate fatty acid incorporation into leukocytes. Methods: A quasiexperimental study was conducted in neonates who developed sepsis following a surgical procedure. Selected neonates were randomly assigned to receive 100 mg docosahexaenoic acid (G-DHA) daily or olive oil (G-OO) as placebo for 14 d throughout a sepsis episode. At selection (baseline), blood samples were obtained to determine interleukin-1 (IL-1)beta, interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha as well as the leucocyte fatty acid profile. Measurements were repeated at 7 (D7) and 14 d (D14) of follow-up. Within- and between-group comparisons were conducted with parametric statistics after logarithmic transformation. Repeated measurement analyses with a general linear model procedure were used, adjusting according to human milk intake, use of anti-inflammatory drugs, and nutritional status. Results: Sixty-three neonates were included: 29 in G-DHA group and 34 in G-OO group. Although decreases of cytokines during hospitalization were similar in both groups, there was a greater decrease of IL-1 beta in the G-DHA group than in the G-OO group after adjusting by confounders (P = 0.028). Leukocyte docosahexaenoic acid increased from 4.96 +/- 2.96 at baseline to 5.52 +/- 3.05 and 5.92 +/- 2.8 at D7 and D14, respectively, in the G-DHA group (P = 0.044). Illness severity was inversely associated with the proportion of docosahexaenoic acid in leukocytes throughout follow-up (P = 0.034). Conclusions: Oral supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid to neonates attenuates IL-1 beta response and the clinical course of sepsis. This may be an additional strategy to further benefit ill neonates even if they are not candidates for parenteral nutrition. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Modulating absorption and postprandial handling of dietary fatty acids by structuring fat in the meal: a randomized crossover clinical trial; Background: Prolonged postprandial hypertriglyceridemia is a potential risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. In the context of obesity, this is associated with a chronic imbalance of lipid partitioning oriented toward storage and not toward beta-oxidation. Objective: We tested the hypothesis that the physical structure of fat in a meal can modify the absorption, chylomicron transport, and further metabolic handling of dietary fatty acids. Design: Nine normal-weight and 9 obese subjects were fed 40 g milk fat (+[C-13]triacylglycerols), either emulsified or nonemulsified, in breakfasts of identical composition. We measured the postprandial triacylglycerol content and size of the chylomicron-rich fraction, plasma kinetics of ([1)3C]fatty acids, exogenous lipid oxidation with breath-test/indirect calorimetry, and fecal excretion. Results: The emulsified fat resulted in earlier (>1 h) and sharper chylomicron and [C-13]fatty acid peaks in plasma than in spread fat in both groups (P < 0.0001). After 2 h, the emulsified fat resulted in greater apolipoprotein B-48 concentrations (9.7 +/- 0.7 compared with 7.1 +/- 0.9 mg/L; P < 0.05) in the normal-weight subjects than did the spread fat. In the obese subjects, emulsified fat resulted in a 3-fold greater chylomicron size (218 +/- 24 nm) compared with the spread fat (P < 0.05). The emulsified fat induced higher dietary fatty acid spillover in plasma and a sharper (CO2)-C-13 appearance, which provoked increased exogenous lipid oxidation in each group: from 45% to 52% in normal-weight subjects (P < 0.05) and from 40% to 57% in obese subjects (P < 0.01). Conclusion: This study supports a new concept of "slow vs fast fat," whereby intestinal absorption can be modulated by structuring dietary fat to modulate postprandial lipemia and lipid beta-oxidation in humans with different BMIs. This trial was registered at clinical-trials.gov as NCT01249378. Am J Clin Nutr 2013;97:23-36.
Diagnosis and Early Prediction of Lymphoma Using HighThroughput Clonality Analysis of Bovine Leukemia VirusInfected Cells; Bovine leukemia virus (BLV), a retrovirus, infects B cells of ruminants and is integrated into the host genome as a provirus for lifelong infection. After a long latent period, 1% to 5% of BLV-infected cattle develop aggressive lymphoma, enzootic bovine leukosis (EBL). Since the clonal expansion of BLV-infected cells is essential for the development of EBL, the clonality of proviral integration sites could be a molecular marker for diagnosis and early prediction of EBL. Recently, we developed Rapid Amplification of the Integration Site without Interference by Genomic DNA Contamination (RAISING) and an analysis software of clonality value (CLOVA) to analyze the clonality of transgene-integrated cells. RAISING-CLOVA is capable of assessing the risk of adult T-cell leukemia/ lymphoma development in human T-cell leukemia virus-I-infected individuals through the clonality analysis of proviral integration sites. Thus, we herein examined the performance of RAISING-CLOVA for the clonality analysis of BLV-infected cells and conducted a comprehensive clonality analysis by RAISING-CLOVA in EBL and non-EBL cattle. RAISINGCLOVA targeting BLV was a highly accurate and reproducible method for measuring the clonality value. The comprehensive clonality analysis successfully distinguished EBL from non-EBL specimens with high sensitivity and specificity. A longitudinal clonality analysis in BLV-infected sheep, an experimental model of lymphoma, also confirmed the effectiveness of RAISING-CLOVA for early detection of EBL development. Therefore, our study emphasizes the usefulness of RAISING-CLOVA as a routine clinical test for monitoring virus-related cancers. IMPORTANCE Bovine leukemia virus (BLV) infection causes aggressive B-cell lymphoma in cattle and sheep. The virus has spread to farms around the world, causing significant economic damage to the livestock industry. Thus, the identification of high-risk asymptomatic cattle before they develop lymphoma can be effective in reducing the economic damage. Clonal expansion of BLV-infected cells is a promising marker for the development of lymphoma. Recently, we have developed a high-throughput method to amplify random integration sites of transgenes in host genomes and analyze their clonality, named as RAISING-CLOVA. As a new application of our technology, in this study, we demonstrate the value of the RAISING-CLOVA method for the diagnosis and early prediction of lymphoma development by BLV infection in cattle. RAISING- CLOVA is a reliable technology for monitoring the clonality of BLV-infected cells and would contribute to reduce the economic losses by EBL development.
Food-derived bioactive oligopeptide iron complexes ameliorate iron deficiency anemia and offspring development in pregnant rats; This study aimed to investigate anemia treatment and other potential effects of two food-derived bioactive oligopeptide iron complexes on pregnant rats with iron deficiency anemia (IDA) and their offspring. Rats with IDA were established with a low iron diet and then mated. There were one control group and seven randomly assigned groups of pregnant rats with IDA: Control group [Control, 40 ppm ferrous sulfate (FeSO4)]; IDA model group (ID, 4 ppm FeSO4), three high-iron groups (H-FeSO4, 400 ppm FeSO4; MCOP-Fe, 400 ppm marine fish oligopeptide iron complex; WCOP-Fe, 400 ppm whey protein oligopeptide iron complex) and three low-iron groups (L-FeSO4, 40 ppm FeSO4; MOP-Fe, 40 ppm marine fish oligopeptide iron complex; WOP-Fe, 40 ppm whey protein oligopeptide iron complex). Rats in each group were fed the corresponding special diet during pregnancy until the day of delivery. After different doses of iron supplement, serum hemoglobin, iron, and ferritin levels in rats with IDA were significantly increased to normal levels (P < 0.05). Serum iron levels were significantly lower in two food-derived bioactive oligopeptide low-iron complex groups than in the low FeSO4 group (P<0.05). Liver malondialdehyde levels were significantly increased in the three high-iron groups compared with the other five groups (P < 0.05), and hemosiderin deposition was observed in liver tissue, indicating that the iron dose was overloaded and aggravated the peroxidative damage in pregnant rats. Liver inflammation was reduced in the three low-iron groups. Tumor necrosis factor alpha secretion was significantly decreased in all groups with supplemented oligopeptide (P < 0.05), with the concentration of tumor necrosis factor alpha declining to normal levels in the two whey protein oligopeptide iron complex groups. In the marine fish oligopeptide iron complex groups, body length, tail length, and weight of offspring were significantly increased (P < 0.05) and reached normal levels. Therefore, food-derived bioactive oligopeptide (derived from marine fish skin and milk) iron complexes may be an effective type of iron supplement for pregnancy to improve anemia, as well as reduce the side effects of iron overload, and improve the growth and nutritional status of offspring.
The influence of intramammary lipopolysaccharide infusion on serum Ca, P, vitamin D, cytokines and cortisol concentrations in lactating sows; Ten multiparous lactating sows were used to investigate whether intramammary infusion of lipopolysaccharides (LPS; Escherichia coli 0111:B4; 2.0 mu g/kg of body weight) would affect the circulating concentrations of Ca, P, 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and cortisol. The sows were randomly allotted to either control group (control) or LPS-treated group with five individuals per group and were infused with either physiological saline solution or LPS solution. The rectal temperature and udder quarter appearance were recorded at 0 (just before infusion), 1, 3, 7, 12 or 24 h after infusion. Blood samples were taken at 0, 1, 3, 7, 12 or 24 h after infusion. Before infusion, the rectal temperatures of all sows were below 39.2 degrees C. At 3 and 7 h after infusion, the sows in the LPS group had a rectal temperature over 39.4 degrees C. At 24 h after infusion, the rectal temperatures returned to pre-infusion levels. Serum Ca and P concentrations in the LPS group decreased (P < 0.05) after LPS infusion compared with the control group at 1 h after infusion. No significant differences (P > 0.05) in the concentrations of 25-OHD were observed between groups control and LPS at any sampling time. Increased (P < 0.01) concentrations of serum TNF-alpha, IL-6 and cortisol were observed in the LPS group compared with the control group at 3 and 7 h after infusion respectively. In conclusion, the elevation of serum concentrations of TNF-alpha, IL-6 and cortisol and the alterations of circulating concentrations of Ca and P following LPS infusion indicate that the immune system has been activated and immune activation may affect macromineral homeostatic regulation, which might have important implications for metabolic health of lactating sows. Lowered serum Ca and P following immune activation also shows a causative mechanism whereby immune activation increases the risk of secondary disorders such as mastitis-metritis-agalactia syndrome. However, immune activation did not affect circulating concentrations of vitamin D metabolites.
The optimal sequence of microvascular repair during prolonged clamping in free flap transfer; During free flap transfer, the surgeon may decide to begin with repair of the artery or the vein(s) and to unclamp the first vessel as soon as repair is completed or maintain the clamping of both vessels until completion of all repairs. Complications can lead to prolonged clamping times, potentially increasing the risk of tissue ischemia, vascular damage, and thrombosis. The goals of the present study were to determine whether the sequence of vessel repair and the duration of clamping affect the success of free flap transfer in cases requiring prolonged clamping. Sixty abdominal fasciocutaneous free flaps based on the superficial inferior epigastric vessels were created in Sprague-Dawley ram To model clinical situations in which prolonged clamping is necessary, the study used a I-hour delay before the repair of the second vessel. Flaps were randomized into four groups. In group I (n = 15), the artery was repaired first, and the arterial clamp was removed immediately to allow arterial inflow. In group II (n = 15), the arterial repair was first, and the arterial clamp was maintained until completion of venous repair. In group III (n = 15), venous repair was first, with venous clamping maintained until completion of the arterial repair. In group IV (n = 15), initial venous repair was followed by immediate unclamping, before arterial repair. On release of all clamps, the patency of arteries and veins was confirmed immediately and after 1 hour using a "milking" test. On the fifth postoperative day, each flap was assessed for necrosis and for patency of the anastomoses. Of 15 flaps in each group, five (33 percent) failed in group I, four (27 percent) failed in groups II and III, and six (40 percent) failed in group IV. Differences between groups were not statistically significant (p = 0.8). These results demonstrate that in cases requiring prolonged occlusive clamping (2 to 3 hours), factors such as venous congestion, possible clamp injury, and presence of static blood in contact with the new anastomosis have relatively equivalent contributions to the risk of failure. Accordingly, no advantage seems to be gained by beginning with the artery or the vein or by using early or delayed unclamping of the first vessel repaired.
EFFECT OF ANTIOXIDANT-RICH FOODS ON PLASMA ASCORBIC-ACID, CARDIAC ENZYME, AND LIPID PEROXIDE LEVELS IN PATIENTS HOSPITALIZED WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; Objective To determine whether a fat- and energy-reduced diet rich in antioxidant vitamins C and E, beta carotene, and soluble dietary fiber reduces free-radical stress and cardiac enzyme level and increases plasma ascorbic acid level 1 week after acute myocardial infarction. Design Randomized, single blind, controlled study. Setting Primary- and secondary-care research center for patients with myocardial infarction. Subjects All subjects with suspected acute myocardial infarction (n=505) were considered for entry to the study. Subjects with definite or possible acute myocardial infarction and unstable angina (according to World Health Organization criteria) were assigned to either an intervention diet (n=204) or a control diet (n=202) within 48 hours of symptoms of infarction. Interventions Intervention and control groups were advised to consume a fat-reduced, oil-substituted diet. The intervention group was also advised to eat more fruits, vegetable soup, pulses, and crushed almonds and walnuts mixed with skim milk. Main outcome measures Reduction in plasma lipid peroxide and lactate dehydrogenase cardiac enzyme levels, increase in plasma ascorbic acid level, and compliance with diet, especially with vitamin C intake as determined by chemical analysis. Statistical analysis A two-sample t test using one-way analysis of variance for comparison of data. Results Plasma lipid peroxide level decreased significantly in the intervention group compared with the control group (0.59 pmol/L in the intervention group and 0.10 pmol/L in the control group; 95% confidence interval of difference=0.19 to 0.83). Lactate dehydrogenase level increased less in the intervention group than in the control group (427.7 vs 561.2 U/L; confidence interval of difference=82.9 to 184.7). Plasma ascorbic acid level increased more in the intervention group than in the control group (23.38 vs 7.95 mu mol/L; confidence interval of difference=12.85 to 26.13). Applications/conclusions Consumption of an antioxidant-rich diet may reduce the plasma levels of lipid peroxide and cardiac enzyme and increase the plasma level of ascorbic acid. Antioxidant-rich foods may reduce myocardial necrosis and reperfusion injury induced by oxygen free radicals.
Effects of Dietary Fat Sources during Late Gestation on Colostrum Quality and Mammary Gland Inflammation in Lipopolysaccharide-Challenged Sows; Simple Summary In the present study, late gestating sows were challenged with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) endotoxin, which can impair the immune system of mammary gland cells and result in an inflammatory response. Additionally, the LPS-treated sows were fed 3% soybean oil (SO), 3% coconut oil (CO) or 3% fish oil (FO) diets and were used to study the effect of fat sources on the colostrum quality and mammary gland inflammation of sows exposed to immune challenge. The results show that FO inclusion exerted anti-inflammatory effects in mammary glands and counteracted the LPS-induced damaged colostrum synthesis and pro-inflammatory response when compared to CO diets. These findings suggest that fatty acid profiles of different oil types in late gestation differentially affect metabolic health in sows, but a longer period of FO supplementation to sows is needed to determine a positive effect on piglets. This study aimed to investigate the effects of maternal lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge and dietary fat sources on colostrum quality and inflammatory response in sows. Sixty Landrace x Yorkshire sows were randomly assigned to three dietary treatments supplemented with 3% soybean oil (SO), 3% coconut oil (CO) or 3% fish oil (FO), respectively, from Day 90 of gestation until parturition. On Day 112 of gestation, half the sows from each dietary treatment were challenged with LPS (10 mu g/kg BW) or saline. The results showed that maternal LPS challenge decreased colostrum yield and dry matter content. A similar pattern of changes was observed for body weight gain and colostrum intake in piglets from LPS-challenged sows. Maternal LPS challenge increased the levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), interleukin 1 beta (IL1 beta) and IL6 in colostum, and the mRNA abundance of IL6, IL1 beta and TNF alpha and the phosphorylation level of p65 in mammary glands. However, the responses of these variables to LPS treatment were lower in sows fed a FO diet. In conclusion, maternal immune challenge reduced the growth performance of piglets by decreasing colostrum yield and intake by piglets, and dietary supplementation with FO in sows attenuates the LPS-induced inflammatory response in mammary glands.
High prevalence of vitamin D deficiency among middle-aged and elderly individuals in northwestern China: Its relationship to osteoporosis and lifestyle factors; Purpose: Vitamin D deficiency has reached epidemic proportions; this deficiency has been associated with osteoporosis and certain lifestyle factors in adults. This relationship is not well documented among the Lanzhou population in northwest China. This study sought to determine the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and its risk factors in addition to its relationship with osteoporosis in a Chinese population living in Lanzhou. Methods: This cross-sectional study involved 2942 men and 7158 women aged 40-75 years who were randomly selected from 3 communities in the Lanzhou urban district and examined medically. Levels of 25-hydroxy-vitamin D [25(OH)D] and other parameters were measured according to detailed inclusion criteria. Vitamin D deficiency was defined as serum 25(OH)D levels below 20 ng/mL Calcaneus bone mineral density (BMD) was measured by quantitative ultrasound (QUS). Results: The prevalence of vitamin D deficiency (25(OH)D levels <20 ng/mL) was present in 75.2% of the entire study population. Vitamin D deficiency was more prevalent in women (79.7%) than in men (64%; P < 0.001). Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that the significant predictors of vitamin D deficiency included coronary heart disease (CHD), obesity, dyslipidemia, older age, female sex, and smoking (all P < 0.05), whereas tea intake, moderate physical activity, milk intake, vitamin D supplementation and sun exposure were protective (all P < 0.05). No significant difference in calcaneus BMD measured by QUS was noted between subjects with <20 ng/mL and 20 ng/mL vitamin D levels (0.53 +/- 0.13 vs. 0.54 +/- 0.13; P = 0.089). The risk of having osteoporosis did not increase when vitamin D levels decreased from ng/mL to <20 ng/mL after multiple adjustments (OR = 1.00; 95% CI 0.85-1.16; P = 0.357). Conclusions: Vitamin D deficiency is prevalent in the middle-aged and elderly northwestern Chinese population and is largely attributed to CHD, obesity, dyslipidemia, older age, female sex, and smoking. Reduced 25(OH)D levels are not associated with an increased osteoporosis risk. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of sulforaphane and vitamin E on cognitive disorder and oxidative damage in lead-exposed mice hippocampus at lactation; Object To investigate the effects of sulforaphane (SFN) and vitamin E (VE) on spatial learning and memory ability and oxidative damage of hippocampus in lead-exposed mice at lactation. Methods: A total of 18 adult Kunming mice, all 12 female mice were divided into two groups by body weight randomly, 10 mice drank water containing 0.2% lead acetate at lactation, the other 2 mice drank lead free deionized water named as the normal group. Then, they were mated at a 1:2 ratio of male to female. After weaning, the pups were divided into 5 groups by weight randomly (10 each group): normal saline (NS) group, corn oil (CO) group, SFN group, VE group and SFN + VE group. They were subject to gavage daily for four weeks. Gavage doses of SFN and VE were 25 mg/kg and 30 IU/kg respectively. Meanwhile, 10 pups of the normal group were selected randomly as the control (C) group. The C group was normally raised for 4 weeks. The spatial learning and memory ability of them were evaluated by the Morris water maze test, and the lead level in the blood was determined by polarography. Superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity and malondialdehyde (MDA) level in hippocampus were measured by the kits. Results: Compared with the NS and CO groups, the lead level in the blood of SFN and SFN + VE group had a significant decrease. In water maze test, the mice treated with SFN or/and VE performed better than mice of the NS and CO groups. In addition, a remarkable decrease in MDA level was found in mice treated with SFN or/and VE than those in NS and CO groups. What's more, there was no statistical distinction of SOD activity in SFN group than that of NS group. SOD activity significantly increased was observed in VE and SFN + VE groups than that of CO group. Conclusion: Sulforaphane and vitamin E could ameliorate cognitive decline and oxidative damage in pups with lead exposure at lactation from maternal milk.
Potential for a localized immune response by the ruminal epithelium in nonpregnant heifers following a short-term subacute ruminal acidosis challenge; The aim of this study was to investigate whether the ruminal epithelium activates a local inflammatory response following a short-term subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) challenge. Seven ruminally cannulated, nonpregnant, nonlactating beef heifers, fed a baseline total mixed ration (TMR) with 50:50 forage-to-concentrate ratio, were used in a crossover design with 2 periods and 2 treatments: SARA and control (CON). Induction of SARA included feed restriction (25% of dry matter intake [DMI] for 24 h) followed by a grain overload (30% of baseline DMI) and provision of the full TMR; whereas, the CON group received the TMR ad libitum. Ruminal pH was recorded using indwelling probes, and ruminal lipopolysaccharide (LPS) concentration was measured daily following the challenge until d 6. Biopsies of ruminal papillae from the ventral sac were collected on d 2 and 6 after the grain overload. Transcript abundance of genes associated with acute inflammation was measured by quantitative real-time PCR, normalized to the geometric mean of 3 stable housekeeping genes. Target genes included toll-like receptor-2 (TLR2), TLR4, TLR9, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFA), prostaglandin endoperoxide synthase-1 (PTGS1), PTGS2 transforming growth factor beta-1 (TGFB1), and 4 intermediate enzymes of leukotriene synthesis (ALOX5, ALOX5AP, LTA4H, and LTC4S). Protein localization and expression of TLR4 were quantified by image analysis of fluorescence intensity. Statistical analysis was performed using as a crossover design with fixed effects of treatment, day, and the treatment x day interaction with the random effect of day within period. Ruminal pH was below 5.6 for 4.5 h/d and below 5.8 for 6.9 h/d in the SARA group compared with 22 and 72 min/d, respectively, for CON. Ruminal LPS concentration peaked on d 2 in SARA heifers at 51,481 endotoxin units (EU)/mL compared with 13,331 EU/mL in CON. Following grain overload, small but statistically significant decreases in the transcriptional abundance of TLR2, TLR4, TNF, PTGS2, ALOX5, and ALOX5AP were seen in SARA versus CON heifers. A functionally relevant decrease in TLR4 expression in SARA heifers compared with CON was confirmed by a decrease in fluorescence intensity of the corresponding protein following immunohistofluorescent staining of papillae. The study results indicate a suppression of the inflammatory response in the ruminal epithelium and suggest that the response is tightly regulated, allowing for tissue recovery and return to homeostasis following SARA.
Activation of cellular apoptosis in the caecal epithelium is associated with increased oxidative reactions in lactating goats after feeding a high-concentrate diet; New Findings What is the central question of this study? What are the ultrastructural changes of the caecal mucosa and the status of epithelial cellular apoptosis and oxidative reactions in lactating goats after prolonged feeding with a high-concentrate diet? What is the main finding and its importance? High-concentrate diet results in ultrastructural damage to the caprine caecal epithelium. Increased oxidative and decreased antioxidative reactions are involved in the process of activating epithelial apoptosis in the caecal epithelium of goats fed a high-concentrate diet. Our results provide new insight into the relationship between abnormal fermentation in the hindgut and damage to the intestinal mucosal barrier. The effect of feeding a high-concentrate diet (HC) to lactating ruminants on their hindgut epithelial structure remains unknown. In this study, 12 lactating goats were randomly assigned to either HC (65% of dry matter as concentrate; n=6) or a low-concentrate diet (LC; 35% of dry matter as concentrate; n=6). After 10weeks, the epithelial ultrastructure and cell apoptotic status in the caecal mucosa were determined by transmission electron microscopy and TUNEL, respectively. The results showed that the level of free lipopolysaccharide (P<0.05), total volatile fatty acid concentrations (P<0.1) and starch content (P<0.05) in the caecal digesta were significantly increased in HC- compared with LC-fed goats. The HC-fed goats exhibited obvious epithelial cellular damage, with widened tight junction spaces, nuclear breakdown and mitochondrial swelling. Compared with their LC-fed counterparts, HC-fed goats showed greater apoptosis in the caecal epithelium, as evidenced by more TUNEL-positive apoptotic cells. Western blot analysis showed that there was no significant difference in activated caspase-3, Bax protein expression in caecal epithelial mucosa between HC- and LC-fed goats (P>0.05). However, the level of malondialdehyde content in the caecal epithelium from HC-fed goats was markedly higher than that in LC-fed goats (P<0.05), whereas the level of glutathione peroxidase and the superoxide dismutase activity were significantly decreased. Gene expressions of cytokines, including interleukin-1, interleukin-6, interleukin-10, tumour necrosis factor- and interferon-, as well as myeloperoxidase activity in the caecal mucosa did not show any significant difference between HC- and LC-fed goats. These results indicate that feeding a high-concentrate diet to lactating goats for a prolonged period results in abnormal fermentation and structural disruption in the hindgut, which is accompanied by greater cellular apoptosis and an enhanced oxidative stress response.
Validation and calibration of food-frequency questionnaire measurements in the Northern Sweden Health and Disease cohort; Objectives: To evaluate the reproducibility of, and to compare and calibrate, diet measures by the Northern Sweden 84-item food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with measures from 24-hour diet recalls (24-HDR). Design: Randomly selected respondents (n = 246) from the EPIC (diet-cancer) and MONICA (diet-cardiovascular disease) study cohort in Northern Sweden were invited to answer the FFQ twice over a one-year interval (FFQ1 and FFQ2), and to complete ten 24-hour recalls (reference method) in the months between. Plasma beta-carotene concentrations were determined from a subset of 47 participants. Setting: Vasterbotten and Norrbotten, Northern Sweden. Participants: Ninety-six men and 99 women, who completed the study. Results: The reproducibility of the FFQ was high in terms of both mean energy and nutrient intakes and relative ranking of participants by intake levels (median Pearson correlation of 0.68). Moderately higher food intake frequencies were recorded by FFQ1 compared with 24-hour recalls for dairy products, bread/cereals, vegetables, fruits and potato/rice/pasta, whereas meat, fish, sweet snacks and alcoholic beverage intakes were lower. The median Spearman coefficient of correlation between FFQ1 and the average of ten 24-HDR measurements was 0.50. Daily energy and nutrient intakes were similar for FFQ1 and 24-HDR measurements, except for fibre, vitamin C, beta-carotene and retinol (FFQ1 > 24-HDR) and sucrose and cholesterol (FFQ1 < 24-HDR). Pearson coefficients of correlation between FFQ1 and 24-HDR corrected for attenuation due to residual day-to-day variation in the 24-HDR measurements ranged from 0.36 to 0.79 (median 0.54). Adjustment for energy had only very moderate effects on the correlation estimates. Calibration coefficients estimated by linear regression of the 24-HDR on the FFQ1 measurements varied between 0.30 and 0.59 for all nutrients except alcohol, which had calibration coefficients close to 1.0. These low calibration coefficients indicate that relative risk estimates corresponding to an absolute difference in dietary intake levels measured by the FFQ will generally be biased towards 1.0. Plasma beta-carotene levels had a Pearson coefficient of correlation of 0.47 with the 24-HDR measurements, and of 0.23 with FFQ1 measurements. Conclusions: The Northern Sweden FFQ measurements have good reproducibility and an estimated level of validity similar to that of FFQ measurements in other prospective cohort studies. The results from this study will form the basis for the correction of attenuation and regression dilution biases in relative risk estimates, in future studies relating FFQ measurements to disease outcomes.
Does whey protein supplementation affect blood pressure in hypoalbuminemic peritoneal dialysis patients?; Objective: Hypertension and hypoalbuminemia are common risk factors for cardiovascular complications in peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients. Data are limited regarding the effects of whey protein consumption on blood pressure in this population. The aim of the present study was to examine if whey protein supplementation for 12 weeks to hypoalbuminemic PD patients affects their blood pressure. Patients and methods: This prospective randomized study included 36 stable PD patients with serum albumin levels,3.8 g/dL. During 12 weeks, 18 patients were instructed to consume 1.2 g/kg/day of protein and an additional whey protein supplement at a dose of 25% of the instructed daily protein (whey protein group). Eighteen patients were instructed to consume protein in the amount of 1.2 g/kg/day and an additional 25%, without whey protein supplementation (control group). Results: Compared to the control group, in the whey protein group, serum albumin levels, oncotic pressure, and dialysate ultrafiltration significantly increased (3.55 +/- 0.14 to 4.08 +/- 0.15 g/dL, P < 0.001; 21.81 +/- 2.03 to 24.06 +/- 1.54 mmHg, P < 0.001; 927.8 +/- 120.3 to 1,125.0 +/- 125.1 mL/day, P < 0.001; respectively) and were significantly higher after 12 weeks (4.08 +/- 0.15 vs 3.41 +/- 0.49 g/dL, P < 0.001; 24.06 +/- 1.54 vs 22.71 +/- 1.77 mmHg, P=0.010; 1,125.0 +/- 125.1 vs 930.6 +/- 352.8 mL/day, P=0.017; respectively) in the whey protein group compared to the control group. Fluid overload, the extracellular to intracellular ratio and mean arterial pressure (MAP) significantly decreased (2.46 +/- 1.08 to 1.52 +/- 0.33, P < 0.001; 1.080 +/- 0.142 to 0.954 +/- 0.124, P < 0.001; 102.6 +/- 3.80 to 99.83 +/- 3.85, P=0.018; respectively) and were significantly lower in the whey protein group after 12 weeks (1.52 +/- 0.33 vs 2.23 +/- 0.73, P < 0.001, 0.954 +/- 0.124 vs 1.048 +/- 0.111, P=0.002; 99.83 +/- 3.85 vs 102.8 +/- 3.93, P=0.018; respectively). Conclusion: Whey protein supplementation for 12 weeks decreased MAP in hypoalbuminemic PD patients.
Decreased Capacity for Sperm Production Induced by Perinatal Bisphenol A Exposure Is Associated with an Increased Inflammatory Response in the Offspring of C57BL/6 Male Mice; Many previous studies have indicated the adverse effects of bisphenol A (BPA) on sperm production and quality; however, the mechanisms underlying BPA male reproductive toxicity have yet to be elucidated. The main purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of perinatal exposure to BPA on the spermatogenic capacity of male offspring, and to explore the possible influence of inflammatory responses in BPA reproductive toxicity. Twenty-one pregnant C57BL/6mice were randomly divided into three groups: a control group, a group receiving 0.2 mu g/mL (LBPA), and a group receiving 2 mu g/mL of BPA (HBPA), all via drinking water from gestational day 6 to the end of lactation. After weaning, one male mouse was randomly selected from each group (n = 7/group); these three mice were fed a normal diet and drinking water for 1 month. Levels of serum testosterone (T) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha were then measured in all mice. Sperm count and the proportion of sperm malformation were also determined. The levels of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), nuclear factor (NF)-kappa B, and aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) protein expression in the testis tissue were determined. Analysis showed that the proportion of sperm malformation increased in the LBPA and HBPA groups (p < 0.05). Sperm count significantly decreased only in the HBPA group (p < 0.05), while the levels of serum TNF-alpha increased in the LBPA and HBPA groups (p < 0.05). Levels of serum T decreased significantly in the HBPA group, compared with controls (p < 0.05). Levels of TLR4 and NF-kappa B protein expression in the testis were significantly higher in the LBPA and HBPA groups (p < 0.05 or p < 0.01), while AhR protein expression was higher and seminiferous tubules in the testis showed more damage in the HBPA group compared to controls (p < 0.05 and p < 0.01, respectively). Our results showed that perinatal exposure to low or high doses of BPA decreased the capacity for spermatogenesis in male offspring, which may be associated with an inflammatory response activated by the TLR4/ NF-kappa B and AhR signaling pathways in the testis.
Probiotic <i>Weisella paramesenteroides</i> on enteropathogenic <i>E. coli</i>-induced diarrhea; Background Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (EPEC) is a causative agent of intestinal inflammation and microfloral imbalance, leading to diarrhea. The presence of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in the feces is an indicator of inflammation in the intestinal mucosa. Dadih, (local made of fermented buffalo milk), contains probiotics and is widely consumed by the people in West Sumatera, Indonesia. Weisella paramesenteroides, a probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB), has been isolated from dadih and is believed to be useful for improving intestinal microflora balance and inhibiting the activity of harmful microbes. Objective To determine the efficacy of W. paramesenteroides administration in various doses and durations on bowel frequency, stools TNF-alpha levels, and intestinal microflora balance on mice with EPEC-induced diarrhea. Method This randomized experimental animal study examined two factors relating to the effects of W. paramesenteroides on EPEC-induced diarrhea, namely doses of probiotics (factor A), and durations of observation (factor B). The subjects consisted of 100 male white mice (Mus musculus) aged 8 weeks, with weights of 25-30 grams. The outcomes measured were bowel frequency, stools TNF-alpha levels, and the balance of intestinal microflora on mice with EPEC-induced diarrhea. Subjects were divided into 5 groups: the negative control group (received neither EPEC nor probiotic), positive control group (received only EPEC), and three experimental groups (received EPEC and different doses of W. paramesenteroides). Probiotics were given twice at the 12-hours and 24-hours for the experimental groups, while the durations of observation conssited of baseline, 12 hours, 24 hours, and 36 hours. Results After 36 hours, subjects with EPEC-induced diarrhea who received W. Paramesenteroides administration in doses of 2 x 10(8) (A3), were found to have the largest decline of mean defecation (a 4.4-fold decline) and the largest decline of stools mean TNF-alpha levels (48.3 pg/mL), compared to the positive control group, and other experimental groups who received higher doses of probiotics. The highest increase of mean LAB (up to 57.50 x 10(7) cfu/g), the lowest mean of aerobic bacteria (2.5 x 10(7) cfu/g), and E. coli (1.5 x 10(7) cfu/g) were also found in A3 group. Conclusion Administration of W. paramesenteroides at the dose of 2 x 10(8) has beneficial effects on reducing bowel frequency, decreasing stool's TNF-alpha levels, and improving the balance of intestinal microflora in mice EPEC-induced diarrhea.
Effects of dietary live yeast supplementation on growth performance and biomarkers of metabolism and inflammation in heat-stressed and nutrient-restricted pigs; Study objectives were to determine the effects of dietary live yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain CNCM I-4407; ActisafHR+; 0.25g/kg of feed; Phileo by Lesaffre, Milwaukee, WI) on growth performance and biomarkers of metabolism and inflammation in heat-stressed and nutrient-restricted pigs. Crossbred barrows (n = 96; 79 +/- 1 kg body weight [BW]) were blocked by initial BW and randomly assigned to one of six dietary-environmental treatments: 1) thermoneutral (TN) and fed ad libitum the control diet (TNCon), 2) TN and fed ad libitum a yeast containing diet (TNYeast), 3) TN and pair-fed (PF) the control diet (PFCon), 4) TN and PF the yeast containing diet (PFYeast), 5) heat stress (HS) and fed ad libitum the control diet (HSCon), or 6) HS and fed ad libitum the yeast diet (HSYeast). Following 5 d of acclimation to individual pens, pigs were enrolled in two experimental periods (P). During P1 (7 d), pigs were housed in TN conditions (20 degrees C) and fed their respective dietary treatments ad libitum. During P2 (28 d), HSCon and HSYeast pigs were fed ad libitum and exposed to progressive cyclical HS (28-33 degrees C) while TN and PF pigs remained in TN conditions and were fed ad libitum or PF to their HSCon and HSYeast counterparts. Pigs exposed to HS had an overall increase in rectal temperature, skin temperature, and respiration rate compared to TN pigs (0.3 degrees C, 5.5 degrees C, and 23 breaths per minute, respectively; P < 0.01). During P2, average daily feed intake (ADFI) decreased in HS compared to TN pigs (30%; P < 0.01). Average daily gain and final BW decreased in HS relative to TN pigs (P < 0.01); however, no differences in feed efficiency (G:F) were observed between HS and TN treatments (P > 0.16). A tendency for decreased ADFI and increased G:F was observed in TNYeast relative to TNCon pigs (P < 0.10). Circulating insulin was similar between HS and TN pigs (P > 0.42). Triiodothyronine and thyroxine levels decreased in HS compared to TN treatments (similar to 19% and 20%, respectively; P < 0.05). Plasma tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) did not differ across treatments (P > 0.57) but tended to decrease in HSYeast relative to HSCon pigs (P = 0.09). In summary, dietary live yeast did not affect body temperature indices or growth performance and had minimal effects on biomarkers of metabolism; however, it tended to improve G:F under TN conditions and tended to reduce the proinflammatory mediator TNF-alpha during HS. Further research on the potential role of dietary live yeast in pigs during HS or nutrient restriction scenarios is warranted.
The protective effects of probiotic-fermented soymilk on high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia and liver injury; The effects of probiotic-fermented soymilk (fermented by mixture of Bifidobacterium bifidum, Lactobacillus casei, and L plantarum) on high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemia and liver injury were examined. CS7BL/ 6N mice were randomly assigned into four groups that were treated with different diets: normal chow (NC), HFD, HFD with probiotic-fermented soymilk and HFD with non-fermented soymilk. After treatment for 6 weeks, probiotic-fermented soymilk treatment significantly reduced HFD-induced body weight gain, hyperlipidemia, liver fat accumulation and reactive oxygen species (ROS) production. In addition, probiotic-fermented soymilk consumption significantly reduced the levels of serum alanine aminotransfera se (ALT), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and liver tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) compared with the HFD treatment. Further, probiotic-fermented soymilk significantly increased the serum leptin level. In conclusion, probiotic-fermented soymilk reduced hyperlipidemia and liver injury induced by HFD. The role of probiotic-fermented soymilk may decrease the production of liver LPS, TNF-alpha, and oxidative stress and induce adipose leptin and triacylglycerol hydrolase (TGH) production. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary habits and psychosocial factors as a risk for development of coronary heart disease in Bulgarian women; There are common risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in female and male sex but also some differences in their risk profile. Aim: to explore the diet of Bulgarian healthy women and their psychosocial status in conditions of economic transition. Material and methods Random population sample of 146 women free of cardiovascular diseases at mean age 58.14+/-8.75 years was studied. All participants were interviewed extensively for smoking and dietary habits, economic changes, the effect of stress and psychological factors, etc. To determine the type of personality a standard Framingham score was used. Results. Only 16% of the participants consume fish at least once a week. Fresh vegetables and fruits in winter arc limited to less than 10% of the sample. Yogurt and white cheese are common in the everyday menu - 68% and 65% respectively. Salt consumption is evenly distributed across the quartiles of systolic blood pressure. The financial status has worsened in 75% of the women. The everyday stress is considered moderate to high by 62% of the females. 70% has defined themselves as type A personality. Conclusions. The protective food products such as fish, fruits and vegetables are undervalued in the diet of the studied women, either due to financial constraints or because of acquired bad habits. The women in Bulgaria consider stress and financial difficulties important factors in their everyday life. Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a major cause of death in females worldwide (1), especially in the countries in economic transition, like is Bulgaria where cardiovascular diseases are responsible for 70 % of all deaths in women in 2001 (2). Most of the major risk factors for CHD like smoking, dyslipidemia, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and others arc common for both sexes although the relative impact is gender specific. The "diet-heart" hypothesis has long been dominant by testing the relationships between saturated and polyunsaturated fats and cholesterol to risk of CHD (3,4). Some studies conducted in females has proved the effect of different types of nutrients and dietary products like saturated and unsaturated fat, trans fatty acids (5-7), fish and n-3 fatty acids (8-10), proteins (11), fiber (12,13), etc. Recently, dietary pattern analysis has been proposed as an alternative approach to examining the relationship between diet and risk of chronic diseases because it is more close to the real world where people cat meals with complex combinations of nutrients (14). During the last decade, a growing body of research has confirmed that psychosocial and socioeconomic factors are associated with heart disease risk and outcomes in women. Socioeconomic status, economic difficulties, hostility, stress, deprivation and lack of social support, depression, and type A personality are all studied in their relationship with CHD (15-17). The aim of the present study was to explore the dietary pattern by food-frequency questionnaire and the effect of some psychosocial factors on healthy women in a country in economic transition.
CRETE - A STUDY IN METABOLIC EPIDEMIOLOGY OF CORONARY HEART DISEASE; In addition to standard survey techniques, a new procedure for aspiration of depot fat, the determination of urinary vanil mandelic acid, and radioelectrocardiography were utilized for the first time under field conditions to study the "metabolic epidemiology" of coronary heart disease. The study sample consisted of 280 men, aged 45 and over (mean, 62), most of whom were randomly selected from 5 geographic areas in which indigenous diet patterns of the populace could be distinguished. A 12-lead electrocardiographic survey of all subjects revealed 2 cases of residual myocardial infarction. The use of exercise radioelectrocardiography detected 2 cases of definite myocardial ischemia in which the standard electrocardiograms were normal. Thirty-one cases of cardiac arrhythmias were found, the vast majority considered to be due to arteriosclerotic heart disease. The nutritional status of the male Cretan was assessed by interview techniques, 24 hr. diet recall, clinical examination, hemoglobin, hematocrit and the determination of serum vitamin A and E. The mean level of hemoglobin was 14.1 g%; of hematocrit, 43.1%; serum vitamins E and A, 0.97 mg% (range 0.32-1.8) and 92 [MU]g% (range 43-168), respectively. Two instances of petechial hemorrhages believed to be due to deficiency of ascorbic acid were found. Two other subjects had serum vitamin E levels below 0.5 mg%; 8 cases of anemia were detected. With the exception of the cases cited, the mean serum vitamin and hemoglobin determinations were within normal limits; mean hematocrit levels were slightly below normal. Analysis of 200 depot fat samples revealed significant differences which could be associated with specific local dietary patterns. Oleic acid comprised 65% of total depot fatty acids in subjects consuming the greatest quantity of olive oil. The Iracleion subjects ate the most meat and cheese, exhibited the highest mean weight, and showed the highest depot total saturated fatty acid content. When the depot fat composition pattern of all the Cretan subjects was compared to that of American men of the same age, a highly significant difference in depot saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids was revealed. The monounsaturated depot fatty acid content was 69 compared to 59% in the American. Depot saturated fat was 19% in the Cretan, 30 in the American. It was suggested that the populations having low incidence of coronary heart disease may be associated with relatively low depot saturated fat content and a proportionate increase in either depot monoenes or polyenes. In the subsample of 12 subjects a mean level of 24 hr. urinary vanil mandelic acid was found to be 6.3 mg%, an amount found in American subjects with evidence of coronary heart disease. It was postulated that though the urinary vanil mandelic acid excretion of Cretan men is high, reaction to stress is decisive and disassociated with anxiety-provoking behavioral patterns which characterize the coronary- prone subject. In determining the status of the study subjects relative to the risk factors defined by the Framingham study, the rural Cretan man can be said to be hypo- or normocholes-teremic, normotensive and normal in weight. He eats little saturated fat, smokes moderately if at all, exercises considerably and tends to react to stress decisively. Thus, all factors of risk studied were found to be of low order, and this combination of findings appears to best explain the low incidence of coronary heart disease observed in the Cretan men.
Colostrum supplementation with n-3 fatty acids does not alter calf outcome on a healthy commercial farm; Our objective was to supplement colostrum with n-3 fatty acids (FA) to provide anti-inflammatory mediators that may improve the immune response of neonatal calves. Elevated markers of inflammation have been associated with increased occurrence of calf disease in early life, thus decreasing animal productivity. We hypothesized that a colostrum supplement containing 60-mL of a 1:1 ratio fish:flaxseed oil blend with or without 200 mg of alpha-tocopherol might provide an advantageous start to early life by decreasing oxidative stress and regulating the inflammatory response. Calves were blocked by birth order and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: no supplement added to colostrum (control), 60 mL of 1:1 fish:flaxseed oil blend, and 60 mL of 1:1 fish:flaxseed oil blend with 200 mg of alpha-tocopherol. In total, 180 heifer calves (n = 60 per treatment) were enrolled on a commercial farm. After colostrum feeding, all calves were housed in individual hutches and fed milk replacer 3 times per day. Health was scored 3 times per week until weaning at 8 wk of age. Weight, wither height, and heart girth were measured after birth, 3 wk, and 8 wk of age to assess preweaning growth. A subgroup of 54 calves (18 blocks or 18 calves per treatment) were sampled 2 d (+/- 8 h) after birth to evaluate oxidant status, serum total protein, and inflammatory gene and cytokine protein expression in blood after an in vitro lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge as indicators of health and immunity. At 9 wk, calves were transported 18 h to another farm, and medical records were kept as an indicator of disease incidence up to 13 wk of age. Calf mortality was 1.8%, which is below industry average, and exceptional health scores were observed throughout the study. Health scores and growth were similar throughout the preweaning period regardless of treatment. Serum total protein indicated successful passive transfer in all calves, and oxidant status index was not affected by treatments on d 2 of age. Concentrations of tumor necrosis factor a increased with LPS stimulation, but the increase was not altered by treatment. Likewise, leukocyte gene expression of tumor necrosis factor a, IL-8 and IL-10, and cyclooxygenase-2 increased upon LPS stimulation, but the fold change did not differ with treatment. In conclusion, 60 mL of 1:1 ratio fish: flaxseed oil colostrum supplement did not enhance preweaning calf performance. Supplementing n-3 FA in a one-time meal may not provide the anti-inflammatory benefits observed with continuous feeding.
Effects of mineral methionine hydroxy analog chelate in sow diets on epigenetic modification and growth of progeny; The study was conducted to determine the effects of mineral methionine hydroxy analog chelate (MMHAC) partially replacing inorganic trace minerals in sow diets on epigenetic and transcriptional changes in the muscle and jejunum of progeny. The MMHAC is zinc (Zn), manganese (Mn), and copper (Cu) chelated with methionine hydroxy analog (Zn-, Mn-, and Cu-methionine hydroxy analog chelate [MHAC]. On day 35 of gestation, 60 pregnant sows were allotted to two dietary treatments in a randomized completed block design using parity as a block: 1) ITM: inorganic trace minerals with zinc sulfate (ZnSO4), manganese oxide (MnO), and copper sulfate (CuSO4) and 2) CTM: 50% of ITM was replaced with MMHAC (MINTREX trace minerals, Novus International Inc., St Charles, MO). Gestation and lactation diets were formulated to meet or exceed NRC requirements. On days 1 and 18 of lactation, milk samples from 16 sows per treatment were collected to measure immunoglobulins (immunoglobulin G, immunoglobulin A, and immunoglobulin M) and micromineral concentrations. Two pigs per litter were selected to collect blood to measure the concentration of immunoglobulins in the serum, and then euthanized to collect jejunal mucosa, jejunum tissues, and longissimus muscle to measure global deoxyribonucleic acid methylation, histone acetylation, cytokines, and jejunal histomorphology at birth and day 18 of lactation. Data were analyzed using Proc MIXED of SAS. Supplementation of MMHAC tended to decrease (P = 0.059) body weight (BW) loss of sows during lactation and tended to increase (P = 0.098) piglet BW on day 18 of lactation. Supplementation of MMHAC increased (P < 0.05) global histone acetylation and tended to decrease myogenic regulatory factor 4 messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA; P = 0.068) and delta 4-desaturase sphingolipidl (DEGS1) mRNA (P = 0.086) in longissimus muscle of piglets at birth. Supplementation of MMHAC decreased (P < 0.05) nuclear factor kappa B mRNA in the jejunum and DEGS1 mRNA in longissimus muscle and tended to decrease mucin-2 (MUC2) mRNA (P = 0.057) and transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) mRNA (P = 0.057) in the jejunum of piglets on day 18 of lactation. There were, however, no changes in the amounts of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-8, TGF-beta, MUC2, and myogenic factor 6 in the tissues by MMHAC. In conclusion, maternal supplementation of MMHAC could contribute to histone acetylation and programming in the fetus, which potentially regulates intestinal health and skeletal muscle development of piglets at birth and weaning, possibly leading to enhanced growth of their piglets.
Protective effects of vitamin E and omeprazole on the hypoxia/reoxygenation induced intestinal injury in newborn rats; Evaluation of prophylactic effects of omeprazole and/or vitamin E on the formation of free oxygen radicals (FOR) and bowel histopathology in the newborn rat model of hypoxia/reoxygenation (H/R) that resembles human necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Eighty newborn rats were randomly divided into eight groups. H/R was done using airtight chamber. Rats were exposed to 100% CO2 for 15 min followed by a reoxygenation for the next 15 min with 100% O-2. Group 1 (n = 10) was the control group. Group 2 (n = 10) rats received vitamin E. In Group 3 (n = 10) omeprazole was administrated. Group 4 (n = 10) rats received omeprazole and vitamin E. Group 5 (n = 10) rats were subjected to H/R two times for 2 days and one time for 3 days. Group 6 (n = 10) received vitamin E in addition to H/R for 5 days and in Group 7 (n = 10) omeprazole in addition to H/R for 5 days. In Group 8 (n = 10), vitamin E and omeprazole and H/R were applied for 5 days. Rats were killed at the end of the each process and bowel specimens were harvested for histopathological and biochemical investigations. We administrated vitamin E intramuscularly 300 unit/kg per day and omeprazole orally 20 mg/kg per day. Malondialdehyde (MDA), xanthine oxidase (XO), xanthine dehydogenase (XDH) and XO/(XO + XDH) were measured. Vitamin E and/or omeprazole treated rats had significantly less XO% levels than H/R only group (0.36, 0.38 and 0.57, respectively). Similarly, the MDA levels were significantly lower in vitamin E and/or omeprazole received rats than H/R only rats (88.8, 97.9 and 122.6, respectively). All rats treated with omeprazole and/or vitamin E had better biochemical and histopathological levels compared to H/R rats (p < 0.05). Histopathological results show that Group 5 (H/R only) had significantly more intestinal damage when compared with Group 6 (vitamin E + H/R), Group 7 (omeprazole + R/H) and Group 8 (vitamin E + omeprazole + H/R) (p < 0.001). Grade 2 and 3 intestinal damages were only in Group 5 and there were no statistical difference between in Groups 6, 7 and 8 (p > 0.001). Omeprazole and/or vitamin E may protect the biochemical and histopathological intestinal damage of H/R injury in rats. These drugs may be beneficial in the prophylaxis of NEC in humans as well.
Vitamin A affects the expression of antioxidant genes in bovine mammary epithelial cells with oxidative stress induced by diethylene triamine-nitric oxide polymer; The considerable increase in oxygen requirements due to the high metabolic rate of the bovine mammary epithelial cells (BMEC) during lactation results in an augmented production of reactive nitrogen species (RNS), such as nitric oxide (NO), which may expose cows to increased oxidative stress. Vitamin A (VA) has been shown in several studies to enhance the antioxidant defence system against oxidative stress, but whether the reason is related to a reduced NO production remains unclear. Diethylene triamine-nitric oxide polymer (NOp) is a type of NO-generating compound, which is safe, efficacious, and releases NO over a long period. The current study was conducted to investigate the effect of VA on the antioxidant function in BMEC and the underlying mechanism by discussing the protection of VA on NO-induced oxidative stress of BMEC. The experiment was conducted using a single-factor completely randomized arrangement. Primary BMEC were isolated from the mammary glands of Holstein dairy cows. The third generation cells were randomly divided into four equal groups with six replicates each. Each group received different combinations of VA and NOp treatment as follows: controls (without VA and NOp), NOp treatment alone, VA treatment alone, and VA and NOp treatment together. The lysates were collected to evaluate the activities of glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and thioredoxin reductase (TrxR) and the contents of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA), and the cell-free supernatants were collected to analyze selenoprotein P (SelP) content, inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) activities and nitric oxide (NO), interleukin-1 (IL-1), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) contents. The results suggested that compared to the control, the cell proliferation, the activity of the antioxidants GPx and TrxR, the content of SelP and the antioxidant gene expressions of GPx1, GPx4, and TrxR1 were significantly decreased (P < 0.05), and the contents of ROS and MDA, the activity of iNOS, the contents of NO and IL-1, IL-6, TNF-alpha, and their mRNA expressions were increased dramatically in the NOp treatment alone group (P < 0.05), but the opposite changes were observed in the VA treatment alone group. Compared to the NOp treatment alone, the VA and NOp treatment together significantly improved cell proliferation, the activities of the antioxidants GPx and TrxR, and the gene expressions of GPx1 and TrxR1, and dramatically decreased the contents of ROS and MDA, the activity of iNOS, the contents of NO and IL-1, IL-6, TNF-alpha and their mRNA expression levels (P < 0.05). The present research suggests that VA can improve the antioxidant function of BMEC and protect the cells from experiencing the NOp-induced oxidative stress by regulating antioxidant gene expression. The probable mechanism is that VA can reduce the activity of iNOS and its mRNA expression by down-regulating of the expression of IL-1, IL-6, and TNF-alpha to reduce NO production. However, the exact mechanism warrants future exploration.
Melamine negatively affects oocyte architecture, oocyte development and fertility in mice; STUDY QUESTION: Does melamine have a toxic effect on oocyte development and fertility in vivo? SUMMARY ANSWER: Melamine had toxic effects on oocyte quality and fertility due to its effects on the oocyte cytoskeleton, apoptosis and autophagy induction, and epigenetic modifications in an in vivo mouse model. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Melamine is a chemical compound that is widely used during the manufacture of amino resins and plastics. In 2008, melamine was reported to adulterate milk and infant formulas in China, which sparked food safety concerns worldwide. Ingesting melamine may result in reproductive damage, and bladder or kidney stones, which can lead to bladder cancer. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Mice were randomly assigned to three groups and fed a diet that included melamine (0, 10 and 50 mg/kg/day) for 8 weeks. The in vivo effect of melamine on female reproduction was examined. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: We used immunofluorescent staining, western blotting and qRT-PCR to examine the effect of melamine on oocyte quality. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Our results showed the following effects of this melamine-containing diet. (i) Ovary weights were reduced in melamine fed mice. Oocyte developmental competence was also reduced, as shown by reduced polar body extrusion rates. (ii) Melamine feeding resulted in abnormal oocyte cytoskeletons, as shown by increased rates of aberrant spindles and reduced actin microfilament expression. (iii) Melamine exposed oocytes had higher rates of abnormal mitochondrial distributions and early stage apoptosis/autophagy, which were shown by increased microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 (LC3) protein expression level and caspase 9, autophagy-related protein 14 (atg14), and lc3 mRNA levels. (iv) Fluorescence intensity analysis showed that DNA methylation levels were reduced in the oocytes of melamine fed mice. Histone methylation levels were also altered, as Di-methyl-Histone H3 (Lys4) (H3K4me2) level was increased and Tri-methyl-Histone H3 (Lys9) (H3K9me3), Di-methyl-Histone H3 (Lys9) (H3K9me2), and Tri-methyl-Histone H3 (Lys27) (H3K27me3) levels were reduced in oocytes from melamine fed mice. (v) The litter sizes of melamine fed mice were significantly reduced when compared with those of controls. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Although we examined the possible effects of melamine on oocyte quality and fertility, we did not determine the effect of melamine on offspring development. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our findings indicate that melamine plays a major role in oocyte quality and fertility. This information could contribute to a better understanding of melamine toxicity in female reproduction. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: This study was supported by the National Basic Research Program of China (2014CB138503) and the Natural Science Foundation of Jiangsu Province (BK20140030). The authors have no conflict of interest to disclose.
Conclusion regarding the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance phosmet; Phosmet is one of the 52 substances of the second stage of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 451/20001, as amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/20022. This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within one year a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission. Spain being the designated rapporteur Member State submitted the DAR on phosmet in accordance with the provisions of Article 8(1) of the amended Regulation (EC) No 451/2000, which was received by the EFSA on 23 August 2004. Following a quality check on the DAR, the peer review was initiated on 03 September 2004 by dispatching the DAR for consultation of the Member States and the sole applicant Margarita Internacional. Subsequently, the comments received on the DAR were examined by the rapporteur Member State and the need for additional data was agreed in an evaluation meeting on 18 May 2005. Remaining issues as well as further data made available by the notifier upon request were evaluated in a series of scientific meetings with Member State experts in September 2005. A final discussion of the outcome of the consultation of experts took place with representatives from the Member States on 6 April 2006 leading to the conclusions as laid down in this report. The conclusion was reached on the basis of the evaluation of the representative uses as an acaracide and insecticide as proposed by the applicant which comprises tractor-mounted spraying and airblast assisted sprayers in orchards. Application is made to citrus fruit at a rate of 0.5 kg phosmet per hectare, pome fruit at 0.3 kg phosmet per hectare and potatoes at 0.5 kg phosmet per hectare. The representative formulated product for the evaluation was Imidan 50 WP a wettable powder (WP) registered under different trade names in Europe. The representative uses assessed were located in southern Europe only as stated in the application for annex 1 listing. No conclusion on the equivalence of the two sources could be made as some mammalian toxicology data were missing. In the main adequate methods are available to monitor all compounds given in the respective residue definition. The residue definition for water can not be finalised due to outstanding ecotoxicology data. The method for body fluids and tissues is currently only validated for phosmet and as the oxon is in the residue definition further validation data will be required. Only single methods for the determination of residues are available since a multi-residue-method like the German S19 or the Dutch MM1 is not applicable due to the nature of the residues. Limited analytical methods as well as methods and data relating to physical, chemical and technical properties are available to ensure that quality control measurements of the plant protection product are possible. There are some outstanding issues related to the relevant impurities. The toxicological risk assessment is based on the assumption that the studies have been performed with a test material that covers the current technical specification. The absorption is rapid and almost complete, there is no accumulation in tissues and the excretion is mainly via urine. Phosmet is toxic by oral administration and the proposed classification is T, R25. It is non-irritant to skin and eyes and does not cause sensitisation by skin contact. The critical effect after repeated exposure is depression of the plasma, erythrocyte and brain acetylcholinesterase activities. The most sensitive species is the dog. Phosmet is an in vitro but not in vivo genotoxic agent. Increased incidence of liver tumours is observed in mice at the highest dose level (14 mg/kg bw/day), higher than controls but within the same range as historical control data. In a two-generation study with rats, the fertility parameters and the offspring are not directly affected. Phosmet shows no evidence of teratogenicity in rat or rabbits, and no potential to induce delayed neurotoxicity. The Acceptable Daily Intake (ADI) is 0.003 mg/kg/day, based on a LOAEL of 1 mg/kg bw/day and an additional safety factor of 3. The Acute Reference Dose (ARfD) is 0.045 mg/kg bw/day and the Acceptable Operator Exposure Level (AOEL) 0.02 mg/kg bw/day. For the use on potatoes and pomes, exposure estimates according to the German model are below the AOEL for operators wearing personal protective equipment and respiratory protective equipment. In spite of these high protection measures, the operator exposure is above the AOEL during application on citrus fruits. Estimates of worker and bystander exposure are below the AOEL for all the supported uses. Plant metabolism studies with 14C-phosmet in cherries, potatoes and corn are available covering the representative uses. A common metabolic pathway is proposed. Phosmet is able to penetrate through the plant surface where the main metabolic reactions take place. Within the plant tissues only a limited transport is observed. The primary metabolic reactions are hydrolysis and conjugation reactions which produce phthalic acid and a range of related compounds, none of them containing the phosphorodithioate group. Oxidation reaction leading to the oxygen analogue phosmet oxon is a minor metabolic reaction. Considering the fact that oxygen analogue compounds are of high toxicity and the fact that no specific information on the toxicological significance of this compound is available, it was concluded to include phosmet oxon in the residue definition for risk assessment and monitoring purposes. However, pending on the outcome of the study aimed to address the relative potency of phosmet oxon in comparison with the parent compound, it might be necessary to reconsider the residue definitions. Supervised residue trials in oranges, apples and potatoes have been submitted, which allow the proposal of the following MRLs: oranges and pome fruit: 0.2 mg/kg, respectively, potatoes: 0.02* mg/kg. No MRLs are proposed for other citrus fruit as the available trials in oranges are not suitable for extrapolation to the whole crop group. The effects of processing on the nature and the level of residues were investigated. Under conditions simulating pasteurisation, baking/brewing/boiling and sterilisation, phosmet degraded to less toxic compounds or compounds that occurred also in animal metabolism studies. The transfer factors to apple juice, apple pure and canned apples were very low, with residues essentially left in the pomace and peel fractions. Studies on succeeding or rotational crops are not required due to the fast degradation of phosmet in soil. Livestock can be exposed to residues of phosmet through consumption of fruit pomace and potatoes. Metabolism studies in lactating goat and laying hens demonstrated that phosmet will not occur in animal tissues, milk and eggs when livestock is fed with feed produced according to GAP for the supported use. The consumer risk assessment was carried out taking into account chronic and acute exposures according to the provisional residue definition (sum of phosmet and phosmet oxon, expressed as phosmet). The calculations indicate that the exposure will be below the ADI and the ARfD, respectively. In aerobic laboratory soil degradation studies (20 degrees C, 21-50% soil maximum water holding capacity) phosmet exhibited low persistence and did not form any major (> 10% AR) extractable non volatile soil metabolites. The major sink for the radiolabels used in the experiments was mineralisation to CO2 (53-77% applied radioactivity (AR) at 120-150 days). Residue not extracted by acetone /acidified acetone accounted for 17-38% AR at 150 days. In field dissipation studies carried out in the USA phosmet also exhibited low persistence. Under laboratory (23 degrees C) anaerobic soil conditions the major (14.5% AR) metabolite N-hydroxymethyl phthalamic acid was identified. Based in the results of laboratory batch adsorption studies phosmet exhibited low mobility being considered immobile in one of the four soils tested. In a BBA guideline lysimeter study carried out in Switzerland that covers the applied for representative uses if applications are made in July, there was no leaching of radioactivity (excluding CO2) in collected leachate samples > 0.06 mu g/L, confirming the results of FOCUS scenario groundwater modelling for parent phosmet and indicating leaching of the soil metabolites that are formed at low levels is unlikely to be significant. All this information indicates, that for the applied for intended uses, the potential for groundwater exposure above the parametric drinking water limit of 0.1 mu g/L is negligible. In laboratory (20 degrees C) natural sediment water systems phosmet both dissipated rapidly by partitioning to sediment and degraded rapidly, resulting in it exhibiting very low persistence. The major (> 10% AR) metabolites identified were: phthalamic acid phthalic acid and N-hydroxymethyl phthalimide. Based on the available sterile hydrolysis studies and laboratory aqueous photolysis study O, O-dimethylphosphorodithioc acid and O, O-dimethylphosphoric acid may also be formed as major metabolites in natural surface waters. In sediment the only major component of the residue in addition to phosmet was phthalamic acid. All these identified breakdown products were themselves relatively labile. CO2 from the carbonyl radiolabel used in the natural sediment water studies was the major sink for the applied radioactivity (accounting for 80-92% AR at 100 days). FOCUS step 2 to 4 surface water assessments have been completed for parent phosmet (with step 4 just considering spray drift mitigation) but only southern European scenarios and then only early season application timings were simulated. As the applied for representative southern European uses assessed are not restricted to applications only being made later in the growing season, if phosmet is included in annex 1, then southern member states where later season uses are applied for, should carry out national assessments of the potential for surface water exposure and associated aquatic risk assessments from the drainage and runoff routes of entry to surface water, as it is not clear that the available EU level assessment covers these situations. Also the current assessment identifies that for the early season application southern European scenarios assessed, only 1 scenario for each crop (D6 potatoes, R4 citrus and pome fruit), represented a low risk to aquatic organisms without mitigation to reduce runoff input to surface water being considered. For all other geoclimatic situations assessed high risk was identified when only the spray drift risk was mitigated. A high acute risk to insectivorous birds was identified for all evaluated uses and also for herbivorous birds in potatoes. The initially identified high long-term risk to birds for all evaluated uses was reassessed based on measured residues in insects and grass. The refined long-term TER values for birds are above the Annex VI trigger. For a generic herbivorous mammal a potential high long-term risk was identified for all uses. The refined assessment based on selected focal mammalian species needs to be further justified. Phosmet is very toxic to aquatic organisms. Since data on acute toxicity to seven fish species are available the safety factor was lowered from 100 to 20. Risk mitigation measures to reduce spray drift input corresponding to 40 m in orchards and 20 m in potatoes are needed in order to meet this trigger for one FOCUS scenario in each crop. Based on data from an available mesocosm study, the same buffer zones will also be sufficient to protect aquatic invertebrates in southern Europe in case of early application for one FOCUS scenario in each crop. The risk assessment for the aquatic environment needs to be complemented with scenarios for later in the season, when drainage and runoff routes of entry are likely to contribute to the concentration in surface water from the assessed uses in southern Europe. Phosmet is very toxic to bees. The high risk needs to be managed at Member State level. Application should be avoided when there are likely to be any bees in the crop and a withholding period needs to be established. The risk to non-target arthropods is high. A potential for in-field recolonisation has been demonstrated, however further data is required to address the impact off-field and the potential for recolonisation from off-field areas. The risk to earthworms, other non-target soil macro-organisms, soil micro-organisms, non-target plants and biological methods of sewage treatment is considered to be low.
Thiamine Alleviates High-Concentrate-Diet-Induced Oxidative Stress, Apoptosis, and Protects the Rumen Epithelial Barrier Function in Goats; High-concentrate diets are continually used in ruminants to meet the needs of milk yield, which can lead to the occurrence of subacute rumen acidosis in ruminants. This study investigated the protective effects of dietary thiamine supplementation on the damage of the ruminal epithelium barrier function in goats fed a high-concentrate diet. Twenty-four healthy Boer goats (live weight of 35.62 +/- 2.4 kg; age, 1 year) were randomly assigned into three treatments, with eight goats in each treatment, consuming one of three diets: a low-concentrate diet (CON; concentrate/forage, 30:70), a high-concentrate diet (HC; concentrate/forage, 70:30), or a high-concentrate diet with 200 mg of thiamine/kg of dry matter intake (HCT; concentrate/forage, 70:30) for 12 weeks. The additional dose of thiamine was based on our previous study wherein thiamine ameliorates inflammation. Compared with HC treatment, the HCT treatment had markedly higher concentrations of glutathione, superoxide dismutase, and glutathione peroxidase and total antioxidant capacity (P < 0.05) in plasma and rumen epithelium. The results showed that the apoptosis index was lower (P < 0.05) in the HCT treatment than in that of the HC treatment. Compared with the HC treatment, permeability and the electrophysiology parameter short circuit current for ruminal epithelial tissue were significantly decreased (P < 0.05) in the HCT treatment. The immunohistochemical results showed that the expression distribution of tight junctions including claudin-1, claudin-4, occludin, and zonula occludin-1 (ZO-1) was greater (P < 0.05) in the HCT treatments than in the HC treatment. The mRNA expression in the rumen epithelium of ZO-1, occludin, claudin-1, B-cell lymphoma/leukemia 2, nuclear factor erythroid-2 related factor 2 (Nrf2), superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2), glutathione peroxidase 1, and the phase II metabolizing enzymes quinone oxidoreductase and heme oxygenase in the HCT group was significantly increased in comparison with the HC diet treatment (P < 0.05), whereas the mRNA expression of caspase 3, caspase 8, caspase 9, bcl-2 associated X protein, lipopolysaccharide binding protein, toll-like receptor 4, nuclear factor kappa-B (NF kappa B), tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-1 beta, interleukin, and tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 decreased significantly in the HCT treatment (P < 0.05). Compared with the HC treatment, the HCT diet significantly increased the protein expression of ZO-1, occludin, claudin-1, NQO1, HO-1, SOD2, serine/threonine kinase, p-Akt, Nrf2, and p-Nrf2; conversely, the expression of NF kappa B-related proteins p65 and pp65 was significantly decreased (P < 0.05). In addition, thiamine relieved the damage on the ruminal epithelium caused by the HC diet. The results show that dietary thiamine supplementation improves the rumen epithelial barrier function by regulating Nrf2-NF kappa B signaling pathways during high-concentrate-diet feeding.
Effects of α-glycerol monolaurate on intestinal morphology, nutrient digestibility, serum profiles, and gut microbiota in weaned piglets; This experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation of alpha-glycerol monolaurate (alpha-GML) on the growth performance, nutrient digestibility, serum profiles, intestinal morphology, and gut microbiota of weaned piglets. A total of 96 healthy 28-d-old (Duroc x Landrace x Yorkshire) weaned piglets with body weight of 8.34 +/- 0.05 kg were randomly divided into 2 treatment groups with 6 replicate pens and 8 piglets per pen. The control group was fed a basal diet and the experimental group was fed the basal diet supplemented with 1,000 mg/kg alpha-GML. The experiment lasted for 28 d. Dietary supplementation with alpha-GML had no effect on average daily gain, average daily feed intake, or gain to feed ratio in piglets (P> 0.05); however, it reduced (P < 0.05) diarrhea rate of piglets on days 15 to 28. The apparent total tract digestibility of dry matter (DM), crude protein (CP), ether extract (EE), and gross energy (GE) on day 14, and DM, organic matter, CP EE, and GE on day 28 increased (P < 0.05) with alpha-GML supplementation. Moreover, higher (P < 0.05) glutathione peroxidase activity and interleukin-10 (11,10) concentration, and lower (P < 0.05) malondialdehyde and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations were observed in piglets supplemented with alpha-GML compared with the control group on day 14. Compared with the control group, the villus height/crypt depth in the duodenum and villus height in the jejunum and ileum were significantly greater (P< 0.05) in the alpha-GML group. Dietary alpha-GML supplementation significantly increased (P < 0.05) the relative abundance of Firmicutes, while decreasing (P < 0.05) Bacteroidota and Campilobacterota in the cecal contents; significantly increased (P < 0.05) the relative proportion of Lactobacillus and Blautia species, reduced (P < 0.05) Eubacterium_rectale_ATCC_33656, Campylobacter, and uncultured_bacterium_Alloprevotella species. Thus, dietary alpha-GML supplementation at 1,000 mg/kg reduces diarrhea rate, improves intestinal morphology, nutrient digestibility, antioxidant capacity, and immune status, and ameliorates gut microbiota in weaned piglets. Lay Summary Glycerol monolaurate (GML) is naturally present in breast milk as well as other natural sources such as coconut oil and is widely used as a food additive. Dietary alpha-GML is used in animal production due to its safe-guarding health and growth-promoting effects. In the present study, alpha-GML was evaluated for growth performance, blood parameters, and intestinal health in piglets. Dietary alpha-GML helped piglets digest dry matter, crude protein, ether extract, and gross energy in feed. The blood parameters and intestinal structure of piglets fed the diet containing 1,000 mg/kg alpha-GML were improved. In addition, alpha-GML supplementation promoted the colonization of beneficial bacteria and inhibited the number of harmful bacteria. In the current study, dietary alpha-GML was responsible for improving the health status, intestinal morphology, and digestion and absorption of nutrients of weaned piglets with less diarrhea.
Conclusion regarding the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance; Etofenprox is one of the 79 substances of the third stage Part A of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/2002(1). This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within six months a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission. Italy being the designated rapporteur Member State submitted the DAR on etofenprox in accordance with the provisions of Article 10(1) of the Regulation (EC) No 1490/2002, which was received by the EFSA on 15 July 2005 and following a quality check on the DAR, on 14 February 2007. The peer review was initiated on 18 July 2007 by dispatching the DAR for consultation of the Member States and the sole applicant Landis Kane Consulting. Subsequently, the comments received on the DAR were examined and responded by the rapporteur Member State in the reporting table. This table was evaluated by EFSA to identify the remaining issues. The identified issues as well as further information made available by the applicant upon request were evaluated in a series of scientific meetings with Member State experts in October 2008. A final discussion of the outcome of the consultation of experts took place during a written procedure with the Member States in November-December 2008 leading to the conclusions as laid down in this report. The conclusion was reached on the basis of the evaluation of the representative uses as insecticide as proposed by the notifier, which comprise foliar spraying in oilseed rape, head cabbage, grapes, peach and apple for the control of biting and sucking insects. Full details of the GAP can be found in the endpoints. The representative formulated product for the evaluation was 'TREBON 30EC', an emulsifiable concentrate (EC) containing 287.5 g/L etofenprox. Sufficient analytical methods as well as methods and data relating to physical, chemical and technical properties are available to ensure that quality control measurements of the plant protection product are possible. Adequate methods are available to monitor all compounds given in the respective residue definitions in food/feed of plant and animal origin and environmental matrices. In the mammalian metabolism studies, etofenprox was rapidly but partially absorbed after oral administration. It was uniformly distributed through the body, and transferred via placenta and via milk. There was no evidence of bioaccumulation; etofenprox was rapidly eliminated, mainly via faeces, a major part as metabolites. The acute toxicity was low, either by the oral, dermal or inhalation route; no eye or skin irritation was observed and no potential for skin sensitisation was found in a modified maximisation test. The main target organs of etofenprox were the liver and thyroid upon short-term or long-term exposure in the rat, which was the most sensitive species. The mouse presented also renal toxicity, but at much higher dose levels and the dog was less sensitive, showing effect only in the liver. The relevant NOAEL for short-term exposure was the dose level of 20 mg/kg bw/day from the 90-day rat feeding study; for long-term exposure, the NOAELs in rat and mouse were similar. 3 1 mg/kg bw/day in mouse and 3.7 mg/kg bw/day in rat. No potential for genotoxicity or neurotoxicity was observed. The aetiology of the formation of the thyroid adenomas observed in rats was elucidated in a mechanistic study and considered not relevant for human risk assessment. Marginally increased renal cortical tumours found only in male mice at high doses were also not considered relevant to humans. No effect on the reproduction, fertility or development was found, however, considering the increased mortality of offsprings during the lactation phase, classification with R64, "May cause harm to breastfed babies", was proposed. Further studies were provided on the plant metabolite alpha-CO2, which showed that its toxicity is covered by the parent's toxicity studies. The acceptable daily intake (ADI) of etofenprox was 0.03 mg/kg bw/day based on the long-term mouse study and applying a safety factor of 100, which is supported by the long-term rat study. The acceptable operator exposure level (AOEL) was 0.06 mg/kg bw/day based on the oral 90-day rat study, applying a safety factor of 100 and a correction factor of 30 % for low oral absorption. The acute reference dose (ARfD) was set at 1.0 mg/kg bw, based on the NOAEL of 100 mg/kg bw/day from the rabbit developmental toxicity study and a safety factor of 100. A default value of 30 % was agreed for dermal absorption. The level of operator exposure calculated for the representative formulation "TREBON 30EC", at a maximum dose rate of 0.21 kg etofenprox/ha in high crops (grapes, peaches and apples) was below the AOEL when the use of gloves was considered; in field crops (oilseed rape and head cabbage), no personal protective equipment (PPE) was needed to achieve an operator exposure estimate below the AOEL, according to the German model. According to the UK POEM model, estimated operator exposure was above the AOEL, even when the use of PPE was considered. Estimated exposure of workers entering crops treated with etofenprox was below the AOEL, if PPE were worn (protective gloves, long-sleeved shirt and long trousers). Bystander exposure was estimated to be below the AOEL. Concerning the plant and animal metabolism studies, the meeting of experts discussed the unusual way the experiments were conducted, using applications of a 1:1 mixture of both labelled forms in a single study, instead of two distinct radioactive labels from two separate studies. After discussion, the experts were of the opinion that such studies may only be accepted when no extensive cleavage of the parent molecule is observed. Thus, in the specific case of etofenprox, this practice could be accepted as no extensive metabolism was observed in plants and animals Otherwise, in the case of an extensive metabolism and/or early cleavage of the parent molecule, the recovered levels of the different metabolites may be underestimated, when compared to the initial radioactive level of parent molecule. In such situation, the meeting re-enforced its opinion that metabolism studies must be conducted separately according to the different labelling forms, in order to depict the fate of each labelling portion of the molecule as completely as possible and to provide reliable quantitative information. In plants, the metabolism of etofenprox has been investigated in rapeseed, grape and lettuce. The metabolism was limited and etofenprox was found to be the major compound of the residues, the other metabolites being detected in very low proportions, up to 7% of the TRR for the alpha-CO metabolite. However and considering that the alpha-CO metabolite was observed in proportions higher than 10 % of the etofenprox levels in the supervised residue trials, the meeting of experts decided to define the residue for risk assessment and monitoring as the "sum of etofenprox and alpha-CO expressed as etofenprox". Sufficient supervised residue trials were submitted to propose MRLs on rape seed (Northern GAP) and on head cabbage, grape, peach and apple (Southern GAP). The storage stability studies demonstrated that etofenprox and alpha-CO residues were stable under freeze storage conditions for at least two years in oil and water-containing matrices. A standard hydrolytic study was identified as a data gap and additionally, one balance study and three follow-up studies were requested for red wine and for raisin. Processing transfer factors could be calculated for some rape seed, apple and peach processed commodities. For animals, the experts discussed the validity of the metabolism studies performed with the parent etofenprox only. Considering that the alpha-CO metabolite was shown to be a significant constituent of the residues in plants, the experts were of the opinion that information on the fate of this compound in the ruminant metabolism has to be requested. The parent etofenprox was found to be the major residue in all goat and hen matrices, and the residue definition for monitoring and risk assessment was set provisionally as "etofenprox", awaiting the requested information on the alpha-CO metabolite. Based on the cow feeding study and the animal burden calculations, MRLs were proposed for milk and ruminant products. The chronic and acute consumer risk assessments were performed using the EFSA and the UK PSD models. Using the MRLs proposed for plant and animal products, the calculated theoretical maximum daily intakes (TMDI) and international estimated short term intakes (IESTI) were shown to be below the ADI and ARfD values. Degradation of etofenprox in soil under dark aerobic conditions at 20 degrees C occurred through oxidation at different parts of the molecule followed by breaking down in smaller moieties (DT50 = 7 - 57.7 days). In one study, one of the metabolites, alpha-CO, was observed to exceed 5 % AR in one of the soils (DT50 = 12 - 45 days). Unextracted radioactivity amounted to a maximum of 55.8 % AR after 55 days, and mineralization (CO2) up to a maximum of 45.6 % AR after 120 days. Under dark anaerobic conditions at 20 degrees C, etofenprox is highly persistent in soil (DT50 = 174 days). Under these conditions metabolite 4'-OH3 was identified as a major metabolite. Mineralization was negligible, and unextractable residue in soil amounted to 9.5 % AR after 121 days. Photolysis only slightly enhanced degradation of etofenprox in soil. PEC soil were calculated for etofenprox based on the soil half-life of 25 days for all representative uses. The meeting of experts agreed that these values could be used for the risk assessment. According to the results of available soil batch adsorption/desorption experiments, etofenprox may be classified as immobile in soil (Koc = 8548 - 14923 mL/g). The meeting of experts identified a data gap for an additional batch soil adsorption/desorption study, but considered it not essential to finalize the EU risk assessment. The metabolites alpha-CO and 4'-OH were estimated to be immobile with PCKOCWIN (EPA). Chemical hydrolysis is not expected to contribute to the environmental degradation of etofenprox. The photolysis of etofenprox is relatively rapid. The major aqueous photolysis metabolites were alpha-CO (max 63.6 %) and PENA(4) (max. 14.4 %). The metabolite alpha-CO was also found to reach up to 10% of the parent's applied amount in the outdoor mesocosm study. On the basis of the available studies, etofenprox should be considered not ready biodegradable. In water/sediment systems, partition of etofenprox to the sediment occurs during the first seven days. The meeting of experts agreed on the half-lives calculated for etofenprox in the whole system (DT50 whole system = 6.5 days - 20.1 days). The metabolite 4'-OH was identified as a major metabolite in the sediment phase of both systems. The meeting of experts discussed the need to consider aqueous photolysis and photolysis metabolites for the EU risk assessment, and agreed that the risk assessment presented for the metabolite alpha-CO by the applicant could be regarded as conservative. PECSW were calculated with FOCUS SW modelling for the relevant scenarios based on the soil halflife of 25 days. Degradation in the water phase was assumed to occur with a half-life of 1000 days, and the mean whole water/sediment system half-life was applied to the sediment phase. Step 3 and Step 4 (only oilseed rape; assuming 30m spray drift buffer zone) were calculated for the representative uses. PECSW of the aqueous photolysis metabolite alpha-CO was estimated to be 63.6 % of the PECsw of the parent compound. Worst case PECsw were also estimated for the sediment metabolite 4'-OH as 21.9 % of the PECsw calculated for the parent compound. The meeting of experts identified the need to recalculate PECSED for the parent compound for the uses different from oilseed rape, to take into account the accumulation of etofenprox after multiple applications and the PECSED of the metabolites alpha-CO and 4'-OH. The necessary PECSW / SED values were provided by the rapporteur Member State in the addendum Volume 3 v3 after the meeting of experts. Neither etofenprox nor its soil metabolite alpha-CO is expected to exceed the trigger of 0.1 mu g /L for any of the representative uses and scenarios simulated. The environmental concentrations in air and transport through air of etofenrprox are considered negligible. The risk assessment indicated low risk to birds and mammals for all intended uses. Refinements of the long-term risk assessment for mammals were, however, required for the uses in head cabbage, grape, peach and apple to meet the Annex VI trigger. The risk to fish-eating birds and mammals was considered to be low for all of the intended uses, as was the risk to earthworm-eating birds and mammals for the intended use in oilseed rape. Further refinements were still required to address the risk to earthworm-eating birds and mammals for the intended uses in head cabbage, grapevine, peach and apple. The acute risk to birds and mammals from consumption of contaminated drinking water from puddles was assessed as low for all intended uses of etofenprox. Etofenprox was not considered to biomagnify in the terrestrial food chain, and the risk from plant metabolites was assessed to be low. The risk to aquatic organisms was not addressed for any of the intended uses. The TER values for aquatic organisms, based on tier 1 effect data and FOCUS Step 3 and 4, failed to meet the Annex VI trigger value. The use of an endpoint from the available higher tier mesocosm study would require further supportive data. Member State experts suggested that single species tests on the most sensitive species from the mesocosm study should be provided to consolidate the confidence in the data from the mesocosm. The design of the single species tests should take into account the multi-application uses. Based on the additional studies, a relevant assessment factor should be reconsidered for a refined aquatic risk assessment. A fish full life cycle (FFLC) study was required by the Member State experts, which should be included in the aquatic risk assessment. The risk to sediment dwellers should be addressed for etofenprox and for the metabolites 4'-OH and alpha-CO. Also, the aquatic risk assessment for alpha-CO would have to be refined further for uses in head cabbage, grapevine, peach and apple. In addition, the risk from biomagnification and potential endocrine disrupting effects on aquatic organisms should be addressed. Hazard quotient (HQ) values indicated a high risk to bees from all intended uses. Member State experts concluded that the available field studies did not address the risk to bees, and they agreed that mitigation measures were needed for pre-flowering/flowering uses in oilseed rape, grapevine and apple to avoid exposure of bees. The Tier I risk assessment indicated a high in-field risk to Aphidius rhopalosiphi and Typhlodromus pyri for all intended uses. The off-field risk was considered to be low for A. pyri and A. rhopalosiphi for uses in oilseed rape and head cabbage, based on no-spray buffer zone of 1 and 5m, respectively. Higher tier risk assessment based on extended laboratory studies with A. rhopalosiphi, T pyri, Orius laevigatues and Chrysoperla carnea still indicated a high in-field risk to non-target arthropods. The potential for in-field recovery was not addressed in the draft assessment report. The higher tier off-field risk assessment indicated a low risk to non-target arthropods for uses in oilseed rape and head cabbage, with no-spray buffer zones of 1 and 5m, respectively. For uses in grapevine, the assessment indicated a need for a no-spray buffer zone of 10m to identify a low risk. Further refinements were required to address the off-field risk to non-target arthropods for uses in peach and apple. The risk to earthworms, non-target micro- and macro-soil organisms and non-target plants was assessed as low for all intended uses.
A Numerical Approach to the Magnetic Nanoparticle Hyperthermia; Magnetic Hyperthermia (MH) is an effective way for cancer treatment and enhancing drug delivery. In this method when magnetic nanoparticles are exposed to the magnetic field, start oscillations which can generate ultrasound waves. These resulting oscillations of nanoparticles may lead to the movement of drug carrier liposomes, which can be very useful for an efficient targeting in drug delivery, or produce heat in direct tumor cell killing. In this study, a revolved 3D and a 3D model of fixed and randomly distributed Ferromagnetic nanoparticles were developed. In the 3D model a nanoparticle was assumed in the corner of the hydrogel, while in the 3D model around 100 nanoparticles were randomly distributed in the hydrogel using a Swiss cheese model. A circular homogenous multi-turn coil with a voltage of 10 V was considered as the solenoid. The results of the 3D model showed a maximum magnetic flux density of 0.96 T which could induce magnetic forces, while the magnetic force can result in the displacement of the magnetic nanoparticles. The results of the revolved 3D model modified the fact that nanoparticles underwent some displacements. The induced nanoparticle displacements could be due to the generation of ultrasound intracellularly which can enhance the efficiency of drug delivery.
The effects of nattokinase supplementation on collagen-epinephrine closure time, prothrombin time and activated partial thromboplastin time in nondiabetic and hypercholesterolemic subjects; The aim of this study was to investigate whether supplementation with nattokinase, which is considered one of the most active functional ingredients found in natto, alters hemostatic factors. Subjects presenting with hypercholesterolemia (serum cholesterol: 200-280 mg dL(-1)) were randomly divided into nattokinase and placebo groups (n = 50, respectively). No significant between-group differences were found at baseline in collagen-epinephrine closure time (C-EPI CT), prothrombin time (PT), or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT). After 8 weeks of treatment, the nattokinase group exhibited significant increases in C-EPI CT, PT, and aPTT. The nattokinase group showed significantly greater increases in C-EPI CT (P = 0.001) and aPTT (P = 0.016) than the placebo group. Moreover, at 8 weeks, the nattokinase group showed a significantly higher C-EPI CT than the placebo group (P = 0.001). Additionally, a significant correlation between PT and aPTT was observed (r = 0.491, P < 0.001). In conclusion, nattokinase supplementation was associated with prolonged C-EPI CT and aPTT in nondiabetic and borderline-to-moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Differences in dietary intake during chemotherapy in breast cancer patients compared to women without cancer; Purpose Breast cancer patients receiving chemotherapy often experience symptoms such as nausea, vomiting and loss of appetite that potentially affect dietary habits. This study assessed the intake of energy, macronutrients and food groups before and during chemotherapy in breast cancer patients compared with women without cancer, and determined the association between symptoms and energy and macronutrient intake. This study included 117 newly diagnosed breast cancer patients scheduled for chemotherapy and 88 women without cancer. Habitual intake before chemotherapy was assessed with a food frequency questionnaire. Two 24-h dietary recalls were completed on random days for each participant during the whole chemotherapy treatment for patients and within 6 months after recruitment for women without cancer. Shortly, after the dietary recall, participants filled out questionnaires on symptoms. Before chemotherapy, habitual energy and macronutrient intake was similar for breast cancer patients and women without cancer. During chemotherapy, breast cancer patients reported a significantly lower total energy, fat, protein and alcohol intake than women without cancer, as shown by a lower intake of pastry and biscuits, cheese, legumes and meat products. A decline in subjective taste perception, appetite and hunger and experiencing a dry mouth, difficulty chewing, lack of energy and nausea were associated with a lower energy intake. Symptoms induced by chemotherapy are associated with lower dietary intake and manifested by a lower intake of specific food groups. To ensure an optimal dietary intake during chemotherapy, it is important to monitor nutritional status and symptom burden during chemotherapy in breast cancer patients.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> SCS2 on blood glucose level in hyperglycemia mice model; In this study, the hyperglycemia mice model was established with 1-week high sugar and fat diet plus with 70 mg/kg body weight of streptozotocin injection for 3 days. Sixty male Kunming mice of 3 weeks old in a specific-pathogen-free grade were divided into six groups randomly, which includes normal group (NG), prevention group (PG), treatment group for low dose (TGL), middle dose (TGM), high dose (TGH), and model group (MG). NG and MG mice were fed with sterile physiological saline (10 mL/kg body weight). PG mice were fed with the concentration of 6.0 x 10(9) CFU/mL L. plantarum SCS2 suspensions from the second to third week. TGL, TGM, and TGH mice were fed with the concentration of 2.0 x 10(9), 4.0 x 10(9), and 6.0 x 10(9) CFU/mL L. plantarum SCS2 suspensions (10 mL/kg body weight), respectively from fourth to tenth week. The results showed that the fasting and postprandial 2 h blood glucose levels of TGH mice were reduced by L. plantarum SCS2 significantly (p < 0.05) as compared with MG. The body weight of TGH mice came to normal level at tenth week. Content of K+ in plasma of TGH mice was increased and contents of Na+ and Cl- in the plasma of TGH mice were decreased as compared with MG. Meanwhile, content of glycogen in TGH mice was reduced. However, the effect of L. plantarum SCS2 on the prevention of hyperglycemia in PG mice was not significant as compared with NG mice during the experiment. These results suggested that L. plantarum SCS2 showed a hypoglycemic effect on hyperglycemic mice model.
The Relationship between Eating and Lifestyle Habits and Cancer in Van Lake Region: Another Endemic Region for Esophageal and Gastric Cancers; Purpose. To examine the relationship between esophageal and gastric cancers commonly seen in Van Lake region and the traditional eating habits of the geography. Materials and Methods. Esophageal and gastric cancer cases, who underwent surgery between January 1, 2012, and December 31, 2013, were examined. Pathology reports of the patients and presence of Helicobacter pylori (HP) were recorded. Surveys were filled by face to face meeting or telephone call. Control group was created with randomly selected individuals without any cancer diagnosis having age, gender, and socioeconomic characteristics similar to patient group. All data were analyzed using SAS. 9.3 statistical programme. Results. Compared with the control group, herby cheese consumption (a component of eating habits) and smoking were significantly higher in the patient group (P < 0.001). Tandoor exposure is compared in terms of female gender, and significant difference was found between the groups (P = 0.0013). As a result of the analysis with logistic regression more than 150 gr of herby cheese consumption per day was found to increase the cancer risk (odds ratio 1.017; 95% CI: 1.012-1.022). Conclusion. A high consumption of herby cheese, cooking bread on tandoor, and heavy smoking were seen to be important risk factors for esophageal and gastric cancers.
Swiss Cheese Striatum Clinical Implications; IMPORTANCE Markedly enlarged Virchow-Robin spaces throughout the striatum appear occasionally on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans of the elderly, and this type of striatum is known as the Swiss cheese striatum (SCS); however, its clinical impact is unknown. OBJECTIVE To determine the clinical features associated with SCS detected on MRI scans. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A blinded, retrospective case-control study using medical records from 2000 to 2007 obtained from an MRI database at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, of residents 40 years of age or older of Olmsted County, Minnesota, who had extensive Mayo Clinic medical records and MRI reports suggestive of SCS. Cases with a severe form of SCS (n = 27) were randomly selected for comparison with age-, sex-, and examination year-matched controls (n = 52) with a minimal form of SCS or no SCS. EXPOSURE Magnetic resonance imaging. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Associations of clinical and imaging features with the presence of a severe form of SCS. Medical records were reviewed for clinical features such as parkinsonism, dementia, and vascular risk factors. The MRI scans were visually scored for degree of leukoaraiosis, central atrophy, and cortical atrophy. RESULTS No significant differences were found between those with a severe form of SCS and controls in rates of parkinsonism (19% vs 17%; odds ratio, 1.09 [95% CI, 0.28-4.16]) or dementia of any type (30% vs 21%; odds ratio, 1.57 [95% CI, 0.48-5.13]). Vascular risk factors were not significantly different between groups. Swiss cheese striatum correlated with degree of leukoaraiosis (P <.001). Potential associations with visualized cortical atrophy (P =.01), nonobstructive urinary incontinence (18.5% vs 3.9%; P =.04), and syncope (37% vs 9.6%; P =.01) did not hold up after correction for the false discovery rate. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Our study suggests that marked cribriform change in the striatum was not associated with the development of extrapyramidal clinical disorders, including parkinsonism. The association of SCS with leukoaraiosis suggests that it is part of a more generalized cerebrovascular process. Skepticism is called for when attributing clinical symptoms to this MRI finding.
Hypolipidemic effects of lactic acid bacteria fermented cereal in rats; Background: The objectives of the present study were to investigate the efficacy of the mixed culture of Lactobacillus acidophilus (DSM 20242), Bifidobacterium bifidum (DSM 20082) and Lactobacillus helveticus (CK60) in the fermentation of maize and the evaluation of the effect of the fermented meal on the lipid profile of rats. Methods: Rats were randomly assigned to 3 groups and each group placed on a Diet A (high fat diet into which a maize meal fermented with a mixed culture of Lb acidophilus (DSM 20242), B bifidum (DSM 20082) and Lb helveticus (CK 60) was incorporated), B (unfermented high fat diet) or C (commercial rat chow) respectively after the first group of 7 rats randomly selected were sacrificed to obtain the baseline data. Thereafter 7 rats each from the experimental and control groups were sacrificed weekly for 4 weeks and the plasma, erythrocytes, lipoproteins and organs of the rats were assessed for cholesterol, triglyceride and phospholipids. Results: Our results revealed that the mixed culture of Lb acidophilus (DSM 20242), B bifidum (DSM 20082) and Lb helveticus (CK 60) were able to grow and ferment maize meal into 'ogi' of acceptable flavour. In addition to plasma and hepatic hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia, phospholipidosis in plasma, as well as cholesterogenesis, triglyceride constipation and phospholipidosis in extra-hepatic tissues characterized the consumption of unfermented hyperlipidemic diets. However, feeding the animals with the fermented maize diet reversed the dyslipidemia. Conclusion: The findings of this study indicate that consumption of mixed culture lactic acid bacteria (Lb acidophilus (DSM 20242), Bifidobacterium bifidum (DSM 20082) and Lb helveticus (CK 60) fermented food results in the inhibition of fat absorption. It also inhibits the activity of HMG CoA reductase. This inhibition may be by feedback inhibition or repression of the transcription of the gene encoding the enzyme via activation of the sterol regulatory element binding protein (SREBP) transcription factor. It is also possible that consumption of fermented food enhances conversion of cholesterol to bile acids by activating cholesterol-7 alpha-hydroxylase.
Inhibition of cardiac hypertrophy by probiotic-fermented purple sweet potato yogurt in spontaneously hypertensive rat hearts; Cardiovascular hypertrophy is a common feature of hypertension and an important risk factor for heart damage. The regression of cardiovascular hypertrophy is currently considered an important therapeutic target in reducing the omplications of hypertension. The aim of this study was to investigate the inhibition of cardiac hypertrophy by probiotic-fermented purple sweet potato yogurt (PSPY) with high gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) content in spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) hearts. Six-week-old male SHRs were separated randomly and equally into 4 experimental groups: sterile water, captopril and 2 PSPY groups with different doses (10 and 100%) for 8 weeks. The changes in myocardial architecture and key molecules of the hypertrophy-related pathway in the excised left ventricle from these rats were determined by histopathological analysis, hematoxylin and eosin staining and western blot analysis. Abnormal myocardial architecture and enlarged interstitial spaces observed in the SHRs were significantly decreased in the captopril and PSPY groups compared with the sterile water group. Moreover, the increases in atrial natriuretic peptide. B-type natriuretic peptide, phosphorilated protein kinase C alpha and calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II levels in the left ventricle were accompanied by hypertension and increases in phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase 5 activities with enhanced cardiac hypertrophy. However, the protein levels of the hypertrophic-related pathways were completely reversed by the administration of PSPY. PSPY may repress the activation of ANP and BNP which subsequently inhibit the dephosphorylation of the nuclear factor of activated T-cells, cytoplasmic 3 and ultimately prevent the progression of cardiac hypertrophy.
Peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance fluopicolide (Question No EFSA-Q-2009-309) Issued on 4 June 2009; Fluopicolide is a new active substance for which in accordance with Article 6 (2) of Council Directive 91/414/EEC2 the United Kingdom received an application from Bayer for inclusion in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC. Complying with Article 6 of Directive 91/414/EEC, the completeness of the dossier was evaluated and confirmed by Commission Decision 2005/778/EC3. Following the agreement with the EU-Commission EFSA will organise a peer review of those new active substances for which the decision on the completeness of the dossier had been published after 30 June 2002, the designated rapporteur Member State the United Kingdom made the report of its initial evaluation of the dossier on fluopicolide, hereafter referred to as the draft assessment report (DAR), available on 12 December 2005. The peer review was initiated on 11 January 2006 by dispatching the draft assessment report for consultation to the Member States and the notifier. Subsequently, the comments received on the DAR were examined by the rapporteur Member State and the need for additional data was agreed in a written procedure in March 2007. Remaining issues as well as further data made available by the notifier upon request were evaluated in a series of scientific meetings with Member State experts in November / December 2007 and in January 2009. A final discussion of the outcome of the consultation of experts took place with representatives from the Member States in a written procedure in April 2009 leading to the conclusions as laid down in this report. The conclusion was reached on the basis of the evaluation of the representative uses as fungicide as proposed by the notifier which comprise foliar spraying to vine grapes against downy mildew and to potatoes against late blight. Full details of the GAPs can be found in the attached end points. The representative formulated products for the evaluation were, 'AE F053616 06 WG71 A1'. or, 'EXP 11074B', a water dispersible granule (WG), containing 44.4 g/kg fluopicolide and 666.7 g/kg fosetyl-aluminium and, 'AE B066752 04 SC61 A1'. or, 'EXP 11120A', a suspension concentrate (SC), containing 62.5 g/L fluopicolide and 625 g/L propamocarb hydrochloride. Sufficient analytical methods as well as methods and data relating to physical, chemical and technical properties are available to ensure that quality control measurements of the plant protection products are possible. Adequate methods are available to monitor all compounds given in the respective residue definitions in food/feed of plant and animal origin and environmental matrices. Since fluopicolide is not classified as acute toxic or very toxic, analytical methods for the determination of residues of fluopicolide in body fluids and/or tissues are not required. In the mammalian metabolism studies, fluopicolide was moderately rapidly but incompletely absorbed orally (approximately 62 %) and widely distributed. There was no evidence of bioaccumulation, fluopicolide was extensively metabolised and rapidly excreted mainly via faeces. The acute toxicity of fluopicolide in rats was low, either by the oral, dermal or inhalation route, no skin irritation and only slight irritation to the eyes were observed. Fluopicolide did not exhibit skin sensitisation potential. The liver was the main target organ of fluopicolide in short-term tests in rats, mice and dogs. A sub-acute NOAEL of 17.7 mg/kg bw/day was based on the 28-day rat study. The relevant short term NOAEL was 7.4 mg/kg bw/day from the 90-day dietary study in rat, based on haematological changes, clinical signs, liver and kidney toxicity at the next higher dose level of 109 mg/kg bw/day. As indicated in a mechanistic study, fluopicolide appears to be a phenobarbital-like inducer of liver enzymes. It is unlikely that fluopicolide presents a genotoxic hazard to humans. In a chronic rat study, effects on liver and kidneys were observed, but no tumour induction was found. Similarly, in a chronic study with mice, liver toxicity was observed. The increased incidence of hepatocellular adenomas seen at high dose was considered not relevant for human risk assessment based on mechanistic considerations. Accordingly, no classification for carcinogenicity was proposed. The relevant long term NOAEL was based on the mice study with a NOAEL of 7.9 mg/kg bw/day, which was supported by the rat NOAEL of 8.4 mg/kg bw/day. In a two-generation study no effect on reproduction or fertility was seen. Premature delivery, effects on body weight (dams and pups) and reduced crown-rump lengths at maternally toxic doses were observed in developmental studies in rats and rabbits; the relevant developmental NOAEL was the dose level of 20 mg/kg bw/ day from the rabbit study. A series of fluopicolide metabolites were assessed for their toxicological relevance with the aid of toxicological studies conducted with M01(4), M02(5), M04(6), M05(7), M10(8) and M14(9). Plant metabolites M04, M05, M08(10) and M09(11), were considered less toxic than the parent. The M01 metabolite may be considered of comparable toxicity as the parent, although slightly more acutely toxic. In principle, the ADI of the parent could have been applied, however, as an acceptable set of studies were conducted with M01 and considering that M01 is also a metabolite of another active substance, an acceptable daily intake (ADI) of 0.05 mg/kg bw/day was set for this metabolite as well as an acute reference dose (ARfD) of 0.3 mg/kg bw. The metabolites M01, M03(12), M05, M10, M11(13), M12(14), M13(15) and M14 were not considered relevant according to the guidance document on groundwater metabolites(16) even if they appear at levels above 0.1 mu g/L in groundwater, however information is lacking on the metabolite M15(17), which was not peer-reviewed. The acceptable daily intake (ADI) of fluopicolide was set at 0.08 mg/kg bw/day derived from the 78-week dietary study in mice and supported by the 2-year study in rats; a safety factor of 100 was applied. The acceptable operator exposure level (AOEL) was set at 0.05 mg/kg bw/day, derived from the 90-day rat study, corrected for limited oral absorption of 62 % and applying a safety factor of 100. The acute reference dose (ARfD) was set at 0.18 mg/kg bw, derived from the 28-day dietary rat study and the rabbit developmental study, applying a safety factor of 100. For both representative preparations, the dermal absorption values were agreed at 0.24 % for the concentrate and 2.75 % for the in-use spray dilution. Considering only the fluopicolide component of these formulations, the level of operator exposure estimated at a maximum dose rate of 0.133 kg fluopicolide/ha in grapevines and 0.1 kg fluopicolide/ha in potatoes was below the AOEL for all scenarios proposed when gloves were used during mixing/loading and application and even when no personal protective equipment (PPE) was considered according to the German model and EUROPOEM. Estimated exposures for unprotected re-entry workers and bystanders were below the AOEL for both fluopicolide representative formulations. Metabolism of fluopicolide was investigated in grapes, potatoes and lettuce. Metabolism was found to be moderate. Besides fluopicolide, its metabolites M-01, M-02 and M-06 were identified. With the exception of M-01 for which an ADI and an ARfD was set by the toxicology section, the metabolites were regarded as less toxic than the parent and/ or were also found in the rat metabolism studies. It was decided to include M-01 in the residue definition for risk assessment for plant matrices. As the metabolite M-01 is not unique to fluopicolide it was not included in the residue definition for monitoring. A sufficient number of residue trials on grapes and potatoes supporting the notified GAPs have been submitted to propose MRLs for these crops. Metabolism in rotational crops was found to be similar, but more extensive as in primary crops. Additionally identified metabolites were M-04, M-05, M-08 and M-09. On the basis of the results of field studies on rotational crops, no quantifiable levels of fluopicolide are expected in consumable crop parts. Metabolism studies on lactating diary and laying hens showed a low transfer into tissues, milk and eggs. Metabolism was extensive, mainly by hydroxylation followed by conjugation. The only hydrolysis product identified was metabolite M-01, which was included in the residue definition for risk assessment because of its toxicological potential. Dietary burden calculations showed only significant intake of fluopicolide residues for cattle. On the basis of available feeding studies on lactating cows, no quantifiable residues are expected in products of bovine. Chronic and acute dietary intake calculations showed that an exceedance of ADI or ARfD is not expected for intake of crops after treatment with fluopicolide according to the notified GAPs. The level of 0.75 mu g/L is expected to be exceeded in groundwater by metabolites M-01, M-05, M-10 and M-11. A consumer risk assessment for the consumption of drinking water for these metabolites showed that an exceedance of the relevant reference values is not expected after chronic or acute intake of fluopicolide through drinking water. Fluopicolide is of high to very high persistence in soil (DT50 (lab) (20) (degrees C) = 194 d - 411 d) under aerobic conditions at 20 degrees C. In soil fluopicolide forms the metabolite M-03. This compound breaks down to M-01 and M-02. The metabolite M- 03 is of low persistence (DT50 lab 20 degrees C = 2.2 - 5.0 d) in soils at acidic pH and of very low persistence (DT50 lab 20 degrees C < 5h) in soils at neutral or slightly alkaline pH and may be considered an intermediate in the formation of M-01 and M-02. M- 01 is of very high persistence in soil (DT50 lab 20 degrees C = 557 - 1831 d) and M- 02 is of low persistence (DT50 lab 20 degrees C = 3.2 - 4.6 d). No other metabolites were detected in significant amounts in the laboratory soil studies. Extent of degradation in sterilized and non sterilized samples was in the same range, indicating little contribution of microbiological degradation. M-01 was shown to be very stable in the two soils where it was investigated. Degradation of M-02 produced an extensive number of pyridine derivatives. Some of them were identified and characterized: M-10, M-05, M-14, M-11/12 and M-13. M-05 and M-10 are moderate to high persistent (M-05: DT50 lab 20 degrees C = 31 - 130 d; M- 10: 22 - 253 d), M-14 is low persistent in soil (DT50 lab 20 degrees C = 5- 8 d). RMS considered that values obtained for half lives metabolites M-11/12 (DT50 lab 20 degrees C = 38.5 - 86.1 d), M-13 (DT50 lab 20 degrees C = 10.3 - 43.0 d), and M-10 (DT50 lab 20 degrees C = 4.5 - 307 d) were not robust due to low and variable levels of these metabolites but acceptable to be used in groundwater modelling. Fluopicolide was very stable under dark anaerobic conditions and only metabolites M- 01 and M- 02 were identified at minor amounts. Photolysis degradation occurs to some extend but no new metabolites are identified in the available studies. On the absence of further data, the meeting considered that photolysis may contribute to some extend to the degradation of fluopicolide under natural conditions in EU and that the applicant should update their estimate of photolytic half life at 40 - 45 degrees N latitude. Dissipation of fluopicolide under field conditions has been investigated in a number of field dissipation studies in Germany (3 studies, 3 sites), Spain, Southern France and Northern France. One of the studies performed in Germany and the studies performed in France were prolonged over some seasons to investigate the potential for accumulation of fluopicolide residues. Dissipation in most of the cases was better described by a biphasic model. Three soil dissipation and accumulation studies were conducted by the applicant in Germany (one site, 5 years), Northern France (one site, 4 years) and Southern France (one site, 4 years). The expert meeting agreed with the RMS and confirmed the initial evaluation that indicates that the plateau has not been reached in some of the studies. For PEC soil calculations, the PRAPeR 37 expert meeting agreed using a SFO DT50 = 290 d for fluopicolide and a SFO DT50 = 315 d for M01 since they result in DT90 corresponding approximately to the worst case observed in the field studies. Potential for accumulation of fluopicolide and the metabolite M- 01 was confirmed by the PEC soil calculation (plateau are reached for the parent after 7 years in potatoes and after 9 years in vines and for the metabolite M-01 after 5 years in potatoes and 6 years in vines). Fluopicolide exhibits medium mobility in soil (K-Foc = 172 - 580 mL/g). M-01 and M-02 are very high mobile in soil (M-01: K-Foc = 31 - 51 mL / g; M-02: K-Foc = 1.1 - 10.5 mL / g). The metabolite M-03 is high mobile in acidic soil (K-Foc = 82 - 133 mL / g). Finally the metabolites M-05 and M-10 are very high mobile in soil (M-05: K-Foc = 11 - 49 mL / g; M-10: K-Foc = 0 - 10.66 mL / g). A three years lysimeter study was performed in Germany. Due to the fact that fluopicoline was only labelled at the pyridine ring, no information on the potential leaching of M-01 was obtained from these experiments. A number of metabolites not previously identified in the laboratory degradation in soil studies were identified in the leachate of these lysimeter studies: M-05 (max. annual average concentration = 0.9 mu g / L), M-10 (max. annual average concentration = 0.83 mu g / L), M-11/12 (max. annual average concentration = 0.55/0.36 mu g / L), M-13 (max. annual average concentration = 0.14 mu g / L), M-14 (max. annual average concentration = 0.19 mu g / L), M-15 (max. annual average concentration = 0.095 mu g / L), M- 16 (max. annual average concentration = 0.08 mu g / L), M54 (max. annual average concentration = 0.03 mu g / L), P6A (max. annual average concentration = 0.03 mu g / L), P6A (max. annual average concentration = 0.07 mu g / L), M3 (max. annual average concentration = 0.04 mu g / L) and M29 (max. annual average concentration = 0.09 mu g / L)(18). The mobility of the lysimeter metabolites M- 14, M-11/12 and M-13 was assessed with the HPLC method. All these metabolites are very high mobile. Due to the high polarity of M11/12 and M13, the results obtained were considered meaningless and a K-oc = 0 was assumed for the risk assessment. For M-14 was possible to estimate acceptable soil sorption parameters (K-oc = 19.2 mL / g). A field leaching study in South West Germany is also available. Metabolite M-01 reached annual average concentrations up to 2.93 mu g / L at 120 cm depth on the third year after application. Fluopicolide and its metabolite M-01 may be considered stable to hydrolysis under most relevant environmental conditions. Hydrolysis M-03 was pH dependent with half lives between 45.5 h (pH 5.1) to 9 min (pH 8.1). Aqueous photolysis is unlikely to be a significant route of degradation of fluopicolide in the natural aqueous environment. Fluopicolide and M-01 compounds should be considered not readily biodegradable. Degradation of fluopicolide in the water sediment systems was very limited. RMS calculated whole systems half lives for fluopicolide in both systems (DT50 (whole system) = 873 - 1428 d). During the experiment, fluopicolide was partitioned to the sediment. At the equilibrium about 10 to 40 % AR remained as parent fluopicolide in the water phase. Only M-01 and M-02 were identified as degradation metabolites at low levels. PECSW / SED values were calculated by means of FOCUS SW. FOCUS Step 1-2 were calculated for fluopicolide and metabolites M-01, M-02 and M-03. FOCUS SW Step 3 values were also calculated for fluopicolide. The potential of ground water contamination by fluopicolide and the metabolites M-03, M-01, M-02, M-05, M-10, M-11, M-12, M-14 and M-13 was assessed in the original dossier for the use in vines and potatoes with FOCUS PELMO 3.3.2. Further modelling with FOCUS PEARL has become available during the peer review. Fluopicolide and its metabolites M-03, M-01, M-05, M-10, M-11, M-12 and M-13 may exceed the limit of 0.1 mu g / L annual average concentration at 1 m depth for at least one of the scenarios simulated. The metabolite M-01 also exceeded the limit of 0.75 mu g / L in a number of scenarios. For the use in vines fluopicolide exceeds 0.1 mu g / L annual average concentration at 1 m depth for more than half of the scenarios simulated. In the lysimeter study, where potatoes were planted, annual average concentration of metabolites M-05, M-10, M-11, M-12, M-13 and M-15 at 1 m depth exceed the 0.1 mu g / L trigger, in the case of M-05 and M-10 also the trigger of 0.75 mu g / L was exceeded in at least one of the lysimeters in oneout of of the three years the experiment was performed. In the field leaching study metabolite M-01 reached an annual average concentration of 2.9 mu g / L in the leachate at 120 cm depth the third year after the product was applied. Since half life in the atmosphere is longer than 2 d and fluopicolide is sprayed, formation of aerosols and long range transport trough the atmosphere cannot be excluded. It was concluded that the risk for birds and mammals was assessed as low for both evaluated uses, except for the long-term risk for mammals for the use in vines. Risk mitigation measures should be required at Member Stated level. The risk from secondary poisoning and from consumption of contaminated drinking water was assessed to be low for birds and mammals. A potential high risk was identified for the aquatic organism for both evaluated uses, therefore risk mitigation measures were required. The risk for bioaccumulation in fish from fluopicolide is considered to be low. The risk for the relevant metabolites to aquatic organism was assessed as low. The risk for bees, non-target arthropods, earthworms, other non-target macro-organisms, soil non-target micro-organism, non-target plants and biological methods for swage treatments, was assessed to be low.
Conclusion regarding the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance fipronil; Fipronil is one of the 52 substances of the second stage of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 451/2000(1), as amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/2002(2). This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within one year a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission. France being the designated rapporteur Member State submitted the DAR on fipronil in accordance with the provisions of Article 8(1) of the amended Regulation (EC) No 451/2000, which was received by the EFSA on 10 February 2004. Following a quality check on the DAR, the peer review was initiated on 15 July 2004 by dispatching the DAR for consultation of the Member States and the sole applicant BASF. Subsequently, the comments received on the DAR were examined by the rapporteur Member State and the need for additional data was agreed in an evaluation meeting in 9 February 2005. Remaining issues as well as further data made available by the notifier upon request were evaluated in a series of scientific meetings with Member State experts in June and July 2005. A final discussion of the outcome of the consultation of experts took place with representatives from the Member States on 7 February 2006 leading to the conclusions as laid down in this report. The conclusion was reached on the basis of the evaluation of the representative uses as insecticide as proposed by the applicant which comprises seed dressing to control soil insects and wireworms in sunflower and maize at application rate up 30 g fipronil per hectare for sunflower (up to 500 g fipronil per 100 kg seeds) and up to 50 g per hectare for maize (up to 250 g per 100 kg seeds), respectively. It should be noted that due to the fact that the applicant has changed, some representative uses are not longer supported for the EU review by the new applicant. Fipronil can be used as insecticide and acaricide. It should be noted that during the peer review process the applicant stated that only the use as insecticide will be supported in the EU review programme. The representative formulated product for the evaluation was "Regent 500FS" ("EXP80415A"), a flowable concentrate for seed treatment (FS), registered in some Member States of the EU. The WG-and the GB formulation (EXP60720A and EXP61840A, respectively) are not longer supported for the EU review process (i.e. with respect to Annex I inclusion) by the new applicant. However, the submitted data package was evaluated in the DAR, but the peer review was not completed. Adequate methods to monitor all compounds given in the respective residue definition are available only for food and air. Residues in food of plant origin can be determined with a multi-residue method (The German S19 method has been validated). For the other matrices only single methods are available to determine residues of fipronil. Sufficient analytical methods as well as methods and data relating to physical, chemical and technical properties are available to ensure that quality control measurements of the plant protection product are possible. Rapidly and extensively absorbed and distributed, fipronil may bioaccumulate but is readily metabolised, and slowly excreted via faeces. Fipronil is toxic by oral, inhalation and dermal acute exposure. It is slightly skin and eye irritating, and weakly sensitising, but not sufficiently to be classified. The proposed classification is T, R23/24/25 "Toxic by inhalation, in contact with skin and if swallowed". Adverse effects in the short term studies are observed in the central nervous system, liver and thyroid. The proposed classification by ECB is T, R48/25 "Toxic: danger of serious damage to health by prolonged exposure if swallowed", to be voted in the 30th ATP. No genotoxic or carcinogenic potential is demonstrated. The mechanism for induction of thyroid tumours was discussed by the experts and considered rat specific and not relevant to humans. Neither reproductive or developmental toxicity is observed. In specific neurotoxicity studies, no histopathological findings are observed in the nervous system. The Acceptable Daily Intake (ADI) is 0.0002 mg/kg bw/day, the Acceptable Operator Exposure Level (AOEL) is 0.0035 mg/kg bw/day, and the Acute Reference Dose (ARfD) 0.009 mg/kg bw, with a safety factor of 100. As the use of the Seed Tropex model was considered not fully appropriate by the experts, the operator exposure was evaluated with a field study, resulting in an exposure below the AOEL without PPE. Worker exposure is 89% of the AOEL without PPE, for a 8-hour working day. Bystander exposure is not likely to be an issue for seed treatments and has to be addressed at Member State level. The metabolism of fipronil has been investigated on five different crops representative for cereals, pulses and oilseed, roots and tubers using either soil applications or seed treatment. A common metabolic pathway could be defined for the three crop groups tested and a relevant metabolite (sulfone metabolite MB 46136) was demonstrated to be present. Even though there were concerns on an acutely toxic by oral administration photo degradation product of fipronil, MB 46513, the experts' meeting on residues concluded that the compound is basically not relevant in relation to seed treatment uses. However, a label restriction has been proposed to ensure that treated seed remains stored in the dark to prevent photo degradation processes. In supervised residue trails no residues of fipronil and of its sulfone metabolite were observed at harvest of maize grain and sunflower seed. Trials results are suitable to propose MRLs at LOQ level. Even though calculated animal intakes were well below the trigger of 0.1 mg/kg, there is a need to consider residues in animal products since fipronil is classified fat soluble and the ADI is very low. Based on the available livestock metabolism and feeding studies, MRLs for food of animal origin were proposed. In a consumer risk assessment the TMDI was demonstrated to exceed the ADI for toddlers and infants, mainly due to the fact that milk consumption accounted for the most significant contribution of pesticide intake in terms of the total dietary assessment. However, in a refined chronic dietary risk assessment the IEDI/NEDI was below the ADI for all considered consumer groups (adults, toddles, infants) and thus, it is unlikely that exposure to fipronil and fipronil sulfone residues from seed treatment will pose a high chronic risk to consumers. In an acute dietary risk assessment the estimated exposure of all considered consumer groups was well below the proposed ARfD. Under laboratory aerobic conditions fipronil is moderate to high persistent in soil. Major metabolites are the amide RPA 200766(3), the sulphone MB 46136(4) and the sulphide MB 45950(5). Mineralization is very low. Under dark aerobic conditions at metabolite RPA 20076(6) is high persistent, RPA 200761(6) moderate to high persistent, MB 45950 medium to high persistent, MB 46136 high persistent and MB 46513(7) moderate to medium persistent. Most of the measured half lives are longer than the duration of the studies and therefore uncertain. Photolysis may contribute slightly to the environmental dissipation of fipronil in soil yielding two metabolites not previously detected in the dark aerobic degradation studies: MB 46513 (more acutely orally toxic than fipronil) and RPA 104615(8). Available field studies confirmed that fipronil is medium to high persistent in soil when not exposed to light (soil incorporated). When exposed to light the toxic metabolite MB 46513 is detected. Two field accumulation studies were submitted by the applicant after the DAR was finalised. A clear tendency for accumulation of fipronil metabolites is demonstrated. Plateau for metabolites had not been reached after the five or six years of repeated applications. The PEC soil calculation submitted by the applicant after the DAR was finalised do not represents a worst case with respect to the parent compound. Furthermore, the assumptions taken in the calculation are not well justified. Calculation of the initial and 21 d TWA-PECS for the parent compound and soil metabolites are also needed to finalise the ecotoxicological risk assessment. According adsorption / desorption studies fipronil is low to medium mobile, MB 45950 and MB 46136 are immobile to low mobile, MB 46513 is low mobile and RPA 200766 is medium to high mobile. Hydrolysis will not contribute to the degradation of fipronil in the environment. However, photolysis may contribute to the degradation of fipronil and its major metabolites in water. Fipronil is not readily biodegradable in water. In water/sediment system fipronil is adsorbed on the sediment where degrades to MB 45950. In the water phase fipronil and the major metabolite RPA 200766 reached levels above 10 % AR. PECSW/SED were provided by the applicant after the DAR was finalised. However, new calculations are needed with parameters updated following FOCUS guidance. New PECGW were provided by the applicant after the DAR had been finalized. Only the application rate of 50 g/ha for maize has been simulated. Results of these new calculations show that metabolite RPA 200766 exceeds the trigger of 0.1 mu g/L for five of the seven scenarios simulated. This metabolite has been assessed to be not toxicological relevant (see 2.8) but it is considered ecotoxicological relevant (see 5.2). Due to the deviations with respect to guidelines on the input parameters selection and the need of justification for the use of field kinetic parameters a data gap for new FOCUS PECGW calculation with appropriate input parameters has been identified. Long range transport and deposition of fipronil may be considered negligible. A high acute, short and long term risks to granivorous birds were identified in the first tier risk assessment for the representative use as a seed treatment in maize and sunflower. The risk to birds should focus on the acute and short term risk as there is no indication that fipronil is a reproductive toxin. A new risk assessment for granivorous birds taking into account the concerns raised at the EPCO 27 experts' meeting is required. The risk to small and large granivorous birds must be quantified. The current proposed extrapolation from maize to sunflowers is not acceptable. Also for granivorous mammals a high acute and long term risk were identified in the first tier risk assessment for the representative use as a seed treatment in maize and sunflower. A revised risk assessment for granivorous mammals taking into account the concerns raised at EPCO 27 is required. The availability of treated seeds for mammals should be assessed to indicate whether mice consumed drilled maize and sunflower seeds. The risk to granivorous birds and mammals from the use of fipronil as a seed treatment in maize and sunflower can only be concluded once recently submitted data are evaluated. The risk to herbivorous birds and mammals from the representative uses of fipronil as a seed dressing is considered to be low. The risk to earthworm and fish-eating birds and mammals can be considered low based on the currently available PECs and PECsw-values. The risk to earthworm and fish eating birds and mammals from the representative uses with the FS formulation can not be concluded due to still open questions regarding the calculation of PEC in surface water and soil. The risk to aquatic organisms is based on the most sensitive species, Mysidopsis bahia. If the applicant would like to pursue the argument that marine species are more sensitive than freshwater species then a more robust justification must be provided. The risk to aquatic organisms from the representative uses with the FS formulation can not be concluded due to still open questions regarding the calculation of PECsw values. Based on the available provisional PECsw values a high acute and long term risk to aquatic organisms was identified for the representative use as a seed treatment in maize. The risk to aquatic organisms for the representative use in sunflower can be regarded as low. The RMS proposed to refine the long term risk by using an endpoint for M. bahia from a study in the presence of sediment. The EFSA considers that in order to accept this refinement option, an assessment in line with the conclusion of the PPR Panel on dimoxystrobin should be presented. The experts' meeting agreed that it might be possible to reduce the standard uncertainty factor due to the number of species tested. The EFSA would like to refer to the opinion of the PPR Panel regarding the reduction of the uncertainty due to the availability of several single species studies and proposes to take this opinion into account at MS-level. Based on the present PECsw values the risk from the metabolites MB 46136, MB 45950 and RPA 200766 for the representative uses as a seed treatment in maize and sunflower can be regarded as low except for the long term risk to aquatic invertebrates from MB 46136 in maize. Also for the refinement of this risk the EFSA would like to refer to the opinion of the PPR Panel on the lowering of aquatic trigger values. The risk for bioaccumulation in fish from fipronil is considered to be low. The EFSA proposes that a study on bioaccumulation in fish from the metabolites MB 46136, MB 45950 and RPA 200766 should be submitted as the Log Pow of these metabolites exceeds 3. A very high acute contact and oral toxicity of fipronil to bees were observed in the laboratory toxicity studies. The metabolite MB 46136 showed a similar toxicity to bees as fipronil and the metabolite RPA 200761 showed a lower toxicity to bees than fipronil. The EPCO experts' meeting considered the risk to adult bees for the representative uses as a seed treatment in maize and sunflower addressed based on the low exposure situation observed in monitoring studies and the observation of no adverse effects in the tunnel studies. The risk to bees can only be concluded once recently submitted data on the risk to bee brood are evaluated. Furthermore the EFSA would like to highlight that the available monitoring studies were mainly performed in France and MS should consider the relevance of these studies for the circumstances in their country. A high toxicity to NTA was observed in the laboratory. The EPCO experts' meeting identified the need for a new risk assessment for soil dwelling arthropods taking into account final results from the ongoing aged residue studies on A. bilineata and F. candida. This assessment should cover the potential for recovery of impacted species in the field. Furthermore the meeting noted that the risk assessment should cover the plateau soil PEC for total residues (parent + metabolites). The risk to non-target arthropods from the representative uses with the FS formulation can only be concluded once recently submitted studies on A. bilineata and F. candida are evaluated and the open questions for the calculation of PECsoil have been solved. The risk to soil macro-organisms can be considered low at a concentration of 0.785 mg a.s./kg soil and the risk to soil micro-organisms can be considered as low at a concentration of 0.667 mg a.s./kg soil for fipronil and 0.60, 0.133 and 0.267 mg/kg soil for MB 46136, MB 45950 and RPA 200766 respectively. The risk to soil non-target macro-and micro-organisms from the representative uses with the FS formulation can not be concluded due to still open questions regarding the calculation of PECsoil. The risk to earthworms, non-target plants and biological methods for sewage treatment is considered to be low.
The Impact of a Large Bolus Dose of l-leucine and l-isoleucine on Enteroendocrine and Pancreatic Hormones, and Glycemia in Healthy, Inactive Adults; Background: The ingestion of whey protein and amino acids with carbohydrate (CHO) enhances the release of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent-insulinotropic peptide (GIP) that promote insulin secretion. It is unknown if L-isoleucine (Ile) and L-leucine (Leu) have this same effect. The purpose of this study was to examine how Ile and Leu influence both GLP-1 and GIP, subsequent pancreatic hormones, and glycemia in healthy, inactive adults. Methods: Twelve adults (6F/6M; age 27.4 +/- 2 years; BMI 26.3 +/- 2 kg/m(2); lean body mass 53.2 +/- 5 kg; body fat 34.1 +/- 3%) completed four conditions in a randomized, cross-over fashion. Treatments standardized (0.3 g/kg.LBM-1) (1) Leu, (2) Ile, (3) Equal (1:1 g) of Leu + Ile, and (4) placebo (Pla, 3.5 g inert stevia) ingested 30 min prior to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Samples of plasma glucose, insulin, glucagon, GIP(Total), and GLP-1(Active) were assessed. Results: A treatment (p = 0.01) effect comparing Ile vs. Leu (p = 0.02) in GIP(Total). Area under the curve showed an increase in GIP(Total) from Ile compared to Leu and Pla (p = 0.03). No effect was found on GLP-1. The ingestion of Ile prior to CHO augmented GIP concentration greater than Leu or Pla. No correlation was found between GIP, insulin, and glucose between conditions. Conclusions: Ile impacts GIP concentration, which did not relate to either insulin or glucose concentrations. Neither Ile, nor Leu seem to have an effect on hyperglycemia ingested prior to a CHO drink.
Effects of probiotic <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> TD3 on moderation of cholesterol biosynthesis pathway in rats; Objective(s): Prevalence of high-fat food consumption, such as fast foods is one of the major causes of hypercholesterolemia, which can lead to cardiovascular diseases. 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutarylcoenzyme A reductase (HMGCR) and cytochrome P450 7A1 (CYP7A1) are two key genes in cholesterol metabolism. Use of probiotics in the diet is a promising approach for modulation of serum lipid. To confirm the modulation of serum lipids by probiotics, in this study, we have examined the efficacy of Lactobacillus paracasei TD3 in improving blood cholesterol levels. Materials and Methods: 21 male Wistar rats were divided into three groups randomly (n=7). G1: negative control with normal diet, G2: positive control with high-fat diet, G3T: test group with high-fat diet plus supplementation with L paracasei TD3 (10(10) CFU). In the 21st day, the rats were anesthetized using chloroform and then sacrificed. Blood samples were collected to analyze lipid panel parameters and hepatic enzymes by the auto-analyzer system. Adipose tissue samples were analyzed using real-time PCR for HMGCR and CYP7A1 genes expression. Results: Consumption of L. paracasei TD3 could reduce serum cholesterol levels significantly (P<0.05); whereas, there was no significant difference between experimental groups for triglycerides, LDL, and HDL levels. Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) enzymes were significantly decreased in the probiotic group. Furthermore, expression of HMGCR and CYP7A1 genes was dramatically declined in the probiotic group. There was no significant change in either uric acid or urea between the control and treated groups. Conclusion: Introduction of L. paracasei TD3 in rat's diet can modulate serum cholesterol levels.
The Serum Metabolome Identifies Biomarkers of Dietary Acid Load in 2 Studies of Adults with Chronic Kidney Disease; Background: Dietary acid load is a clinically important aspect of the diet that reflects the balance between acid-producing foods, for example, meat and cheese, and base-producing foods, for example, fruits and vegetables. Methods: We used metabolomics to identify blood biomarkers of dietary acid load in 2 independent studies of chronic kidney disease patients: the African American Study of Kidney Disease and Hypertension (AASK, n = 689) and the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD, n = 356) study. Multivariable linear regression was used to assess the cross-sectional association between serum metabolites whose identity was known (outcome) and dietary acid load (exposure), estimated with net endogenous acid production (NEAP) based on 24-h urine urea nitrogen and potassium, and adjusted for age, sex, race, randomization group, measured glomerular filtration rate, log-transformed urine protein-to-creatinine ratio, history of cardiovascular disease, BMI, and smoking status. Results: Out of the 757 known, nondrug metabolites identified in AASK, 26 were significantly associated with NEAP at the Bonferroni threshold for significance (P < 6.6 x 10(-5)). Twenty-three of the 26 metabolites were also identified in the MDRD study, and 13 of the 23 (57%) were significantly associated with NEAP (P < 2.2 x 10(-3)), including 5 amino acids (S-methylmethionine, indolepropionylglycine, indolepropionate, N-methylproline, N-delta-acetylornithine), 2 cofactors and vitamins (threonate, oxalate), 1 lipid (chiro-inositol), and 5 xenobiotics (methyl glucopyranoside, stachydrine, catechol sulfate, hippurate, and tartronate). Higher levels of all 13 replicated metabolites were associated with lower NEAP in both AASK and the MDRD study. Conclusion: Metabolomic profiling of serum specimens from kidney disease patients in 2 study populations identified 13 replicated metabolites associated with dietary acid load. Additional studies are needed to validate these compounds in healthy populations. These 13 compounds may potentially be used as objective markers of dietary acid load in future nutrition research studies.
An easy to produce and economical three-dimensional brain phantom for stereotactic computed tomographic-guided brain biopsy training in the dog; ObjectiveTo develop and validate a three-dimensional (3D) brain phantom that can be incorporated into existing stereotactic headframes to simulate stereotactic brain biopsy (SBB) and train veterinary surgeons. Study designExperimental study. Sample populationCanine brain phantoms were fabricated from osteological skull specimens, agarose brain parenchyma, and cheddar and mozzarella cheese molds (simulating meningiomas and gliomas). MethodsThe neuroradiologic and viscoelastic properties of phantoms were quantified with computed tomography (CT) and oscillatory compression tests, respectively. Phantoms were validated by experienced and novice operators performing SBB on phantoms containing randomly placed, focal targets. Target yield and needle placement error (NPE) were compared between operators. ResultsPhantoms were produced in <4 hours, at an average cost of $92. The CT appearances of the phantom skull, agarose, and cheese components approximated the in vivo features of skull, brain parenchyma, and contrast-enhancing tumors of meningeal and glial origin, respectively. The complex moduli of the agarose and cheeses were comparable to the viscoelastic properties of in vivo brain tissues and brain tumors. The overall diagnostic yield of SBB was 88%. Although NPE did not differ between novice (median 3.68 mm; range, 1.46-14.54 mm) and experienced surgeons (median 1.17 mm, range, 0.78-1.58 mm), our results support the relevance of the learning curve associated with the SBB procedure. ConclusionThis 3D phantom replicates anatomical, CT, and tactile features of brain tissues and tumors and can be used to develop the technical skills required to perform SBB.
The Cross Attributes Flexible Substitution Logit: Uncovering Category Expansion and Share Impacts of Marketing Instruments; Different objectives such as category demand expansion or market share stealing warrant the use of different marketing instruments. To help brand managers make informed decisions, it is essential that marketing mix models appropriately measure their effects. Random Utility Models that have been applied to this problem might not be adequate because they do not allow the effects of marketing instruments of one brand to spillover to preference for competing alternatives. Additionally, they have the Invariant Proportion of Substitution (IPS) property, which in some situations imposes counter-intuitive restrictions on individual choice behavior. Recognizing that effects of marketing instruments can spill across brands in a category, we propose an alternative choice model that relaxes the IPS property: the cross attributes flexible substitution logit model. We apply the model in two very different empirical settings, i.e., consumer choices of brands of refrigerated yogurt, and prescription-writing choices of physicians in the hyperlipidemia category. In both settings the proposed model provides consistent evidence that certain marketing instruments produce sales gains primarily from growing the category pie, while others produce gains from stealing share. By contrast, the random coefficient logit and generalized nested logit models both predict that gains from all marketing instruments would have similar sources.
Estimating insulin demand for protein-containing foods using the food insulin index; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: The Food Insulin Index (FII) is a novel algorithm for ranking foods on the basis of insulin responses in healthy subjects relative to an isoenergetic reference food. Our aim was to compare postprandial glycemic responses in adults with type 1 diabetes who used both carbohydrate counting and the FII algorithm to estimate the insulin dosage for a variety of protein-containing foods. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 11 adults on insulin pump therapy consumed six individual foods (steak, battered fish, poached eggs, low-fat yoghurt, baked beans and peanuts) on two occasions in random order, with the insulin dose determined once by the FII algorithm and once with carbohydrate counting. Postprandial glycemia was measured in capillary blood glucose samples at 15-30 min intervals over 3 h. Researchers and participants were blinded to treatment. RESULTS: Compared with carbohydrate counting, the FII algorithm significantly reduced the mean blood glucose level (5.7 +/- 0.2 vs 6.5 +/- 0.2 mmol/l, P=0.003) and the mean change in blood glucose level (-0.7 +/- 0.2 vs 0.1 +/- 0.2 mmol/l, P=0.001). Peak blood glucose was reached earlier using the FII algorithm than using carbohydrate counting (34 +/- 5 vs 56 +/- 7 min, P=0.007). The risk of hypoglycemia was similar in both treatments (48% vs 33% for FII vs carbohydrate counting, respectively, P=0.155). CONCLUSIONS: In adults with type 1 diabetes, compared with carbohydrate counting, the novel FII algorithm improved postprandial hyperglycemia after consumption of protein-containing foods.
Improved Eradication Rate of Standard Triple Therapy by Adding Bismuth and Probiotic Supplement for <i>Helicobacter</i> <i>pylori</i> Treatment in Thailand; Background: Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) remains an important cause of gastric cancer and peptic ulcer disease worldwide. Treatment of H. pylori infection is one of the effective ways to prevent gastric cancer. However, standard triple therapy for H. pylori eradication is no longer effective in many countries, including Thailand. This study was designed to evaluate the efficacy of adding bismuth and probiotic to standard triple therapy for H. pylori eradication. Materials and Methods: In this prospective single center study, H. pylori infected gastritis patients were randomized to receive 7- or 14-day standard triple therapy plus bismuth with probiotic or placebo. Treatment regimen consisted of 30 mg lansoprazole twice daily, 1 g amoxicillin twice daily, 1 g clarithromycin MR once daily and 1,048mg bismuth subsalicylate twice daily. Probiotic bacteria composed of Bifidobacterium lactis, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Lactobacillus paracasei. Placebo was conventional drinking yogurt without probiotic. CYP2C19 genotyping and antibiotic susceptibility tests were also done. H pylori eradication was defined as a negative C-13-urea breath test at least 2 weeks after completion of treatment. Results: One hundred subjects were enrolled (25 each to 7- and 14-day regimens with probiotic or placebo). Antibiotic susceptibility tests showed 36.7% metronidazole and 1.1% clarithromycin resistance. CYP2C19 genotyping revealed 40.8%, 49% and 10.2% were rapid, intermediate and poor metabolizers, respectively. The eradication rates of 7- or 14 regimens with probiotics were 100%. Regarding adverse events, the incidence of bitter taste was significantly lower in the 7-day regimen with the probiotic group compared with 7-day regimen with placebo (40% vs. 64%; p=0.04). Conclusions: The 7-day standard triple therapy plus bismuth and probiotic can provide an excellent cure rate of H. pylori (100%) in areas with low clarithromycin resistance such as Thailand, regardless of CYP2C19 genotype. Adding a probiotic also reduced treatment-related adverse events.
Application of an independent dose calculation software for estimating the impact of inter-fractional setup shifts in Helical Tomotherapy treatments; The purpose of this study is to validate the capability of in-house independent point dose calculation software to be used as a second check for Helical Tomotherapy treatment plans. The software performed its calculations in homogenous conditions (using the Cheese phantom, which is a cylindrical phantom with radius 15 cm and length 18 cm) using a factor-based algorithm. Fifty patients, who were treated for pelvic (10), prostate (14), lung (10), head 82 neck (12) and brain (4) cancers, were used. Based on the individual patient kVCT images and the pretreatment MVCT images for each treatment fraction, the corresponding daily patient setup shifts in the IEC-X, IEC-Y, and IEC-Z directions were registered. For each patient, the registered fractional setup shifts were grouped into systematic and random shifts. The average systematic dosimetric variations showed small dose deviation for the different cancer types (1.0%-3.0%) compared to the planned dose. Of the fifty patients, only three had percent differences larger than 5%. The average random dosimetric variations showed relatively small dose deviations (0.2%-1.1%) compared to the planned dose. None of the patients had percent differences larger than 5%. By examining the individual fractions of each patient, it is observed that only in 31 out of 1358 fractions the percent differences exceeded the border of 5%. These results indicate that the overall dosimetric impact from systematic and random variations is small and that the software is a capable platform for independent point dose validation for the Helical Tomotherapy modality. (C) 2012 Associazione Italiana di Fisica Medica. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Inhibition of Fried Meat-Induced Colorectal DNA Damage and Altered Systemic Genotoxicity in Humans by Crucifera, Chlorophyllin, and Yogurt; Dietary exposures implicated as reducing or causing risk for colorectal cancer may reduce or cause DNA damage in colon tissue; however, no one has assessed this hypothesis directly in humans. Thus, we enrolled 16 healthy volunteers in a 4-week controlled feeding study where 8 subjects were randomly assigned to dietary regimens containing meat cooked at either low (100 degrees C) or high temperature (250 degrees C), each for 2 weeks in a crossover design. The other 8 subjects were randomly assigned to dietary regimens containing the high-temperature meat diet alone or in combination with 3 putative mutagen inhibitors: cruciferous vegetables, yogurt, and chlorophyllin tablets, also in a crossover design. Subjects were nonsmokers, at least 18 years old, and not currently taking prescription drugs or antibiotics. We used the Salmonella assay to analyze the meat, urine, and feces for mutagenicity, and the comet assay to analyze rectal biopsies and peripheral blood lymphocytes for DNA damage. Low-temperature meat had undetectable levels of heterocyclic amines (HCAs) and was not mutagenic, whereas high-temperature meat had high HCA levels and was highly mutagenic. The high-temperature meat diet increased the mutagenicity of hydrolyzed urine and feces compared to the low-temperature meat diet. The mutagenicity of hydrolyzed urine was increased nearly twofold by the inhibitor diet, indicating that the inhibitors enhanced conjugation. Inhibitors decreased significantly the mutagenicity of un-hydrolyzed and hydrolyzed feces. The diets did not alter the levels of DNA damage in non-target white blood cells, but the inhibitor diet decreased nearly twofold the DNA damage in target colorectal cells. To our knowledge, this is the first demonstration that dietary factors can reduce DNA damage in the target tissue of fried-meat associated carcinogenesis.
Probiotics for patients with compensated liver cirrhosis: A double-blind placebo-controlled study; Background: Gut flora is related to the major complications of liver cirrhosis including hepatic encephalopathy, spontaneous bacterial peritonitis, and variceal bleeding. Prior studies have reported a beneficial effect of gut flora modification with probiotic bacteria in patients with minimal hepatic encephalopathy. We aimed to study the effect of probiotics on clinical and laboratory parameters of patients with compensated cirrhosis. Methods: A double-blind placebo-controlled study that included patients with liver cirrhosis and at least one major complication of cirrhosis in the past, clinical evidence of portal hypertension, or decreased hepatic synthetic function. Participants were randomly assigned to receive probiotic capsules containing Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus bulgaricus, Bifidobacterium lactis, and Streptococcus thermophiles or placebo for a period of 6 mo. Results: A total of 36 patients were available for final analysis (distributed equally between the probiotic and placebo groups). The administration of probiotics was not associated with significant differences in either clinical or laboratory parameters between the two groups. Because the lack of a beneficial effect may be related to the compensated liver disease of patients, we conducted a subanalysis of patients with baseline ammonia levels >50 mmol/L. In this subgroup, the administration of probiotics appeared to significantly reduce the ammonia levels starting after 1 mo of treatment. However, this effect diminished and lost its significance following comparison to the placebo group. Conclusions: Our study did not show a significant beneficial effect of probiotic supplementation in patients with compensated liver cirrhosis. Nevertheless, it points toward a possible positive effect of probiotics in patients with above normal baseline ammonia levels. This issue requires further investigation in larger cohorts. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fibromyalgia and migraine, two faces of the same mechanism - Serotonin as the common clue for pathogenesis and therapy; In this study fibromyalgia sufferers were randomly administered a combination of monoamine -oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) -A/B with 5-HTP, 5-HTP alone, MAOIs-A/B alone, or the tricyclic drug amitriptyline in order to compare the efficacy of these treatments. The benefits on the painful syndrome were assessed by using Visual Analogic Scale score rating from 0 to 4. The combination of MAOIs with 5-HTP significantly improved fibromyalgia syndrome as determined by Visual Analogic Scale whereas the other treatments yielded poorer benefits. No subject withdrew from the trial due to adverse effects, even if some sleep disturbances and mild stomach-ache were reported. The tolerability of the association MAOIs/5-HTP was good, although a transient cheese effect occurred in one of the patients treated with MAOIs as well as in a patient treated with the association MAOIs and 5-HTP. No one of these two cases was due to pharmacological dietetic mistake of the patient. In both the cases the transient hypertension was associated to very dramatic emotional events. The benefits obtained by using the combination of MAOIs with 5-HTP can be explained with a treatment-induced enhancement of aminergic and serotonergic transmission. The recently shown high prevalence of migraine in the population of fibromyalgia sufferers, suggests a common ground shared by fibromyalgia and migraine. Migraine has been demonstrated to be characterized by a defect in the serotonergic and adrenergic systems. A parallel dramatic failure of serotonergic systems and a defect of adrenergic transmission have been evidenced to affect fibromyalgia sufferers too. Enhancing serotonergic analgesia while increasing adrenergically mediated analgesia seems to be an important tool in fibromyalgia. Treatment consisting with the association MAOIs/5-HTP is aimed at enhancing serotonergic/adrenergic transmission by inducing an up-regulation of serotonergic/adrenergic receptors and a simultaneous increase of serotonin levels in the central nervous system.
