Effect of supplementation different levels of calcium salts of fatty acids on performance and some blood biochemical in male Holstein calves; This study was conducted to investigate the effect of different levels of calcium salts of fatty acids (CSFA) on performance in Holstein calves. A total of sixteen 17 month of age male Holstein calves with average of (540 +/- 5 Kg) weight were selected and were divided into four groups in order to the experimental complete randomized block design. The calves were fed by control groups with no fat protected and 2, 4 and 6 percentages of fat protected oils until 60 days. Feed intake, Body weight gain and feed conversion ratio were measured. The blood samples were taken to investigate the serum content of plasma protein, glucose, calcium, phosphorus, cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL and HDL. Additionally, the fat and protein digestibility in each groups were measured. Data from this study showed that the highest F1 and BW and the better FCR was related to the calves fed by 2 % fat protected supplement but there were no significant effects on calves performance between treatments. Feeding the fat protected supplementations lead to higher protein and fat digestibility none significantly. The higher use of calcium salts of fatty acids supplements lead to higher serum triglyceride, cholesterol, calcium and LDL significantly (P <= 0.05). There were no significant differences between treatments about glucose, phosphorous and protein content in the calves were feed by different levels of calcium salts of fatty acids supplements. In conclusion we could demonstrated that using of different levels of calcium salts of fatty acids may have beneficial effects on performance and some blood biochemical in the male Holstein Calves.
Effect of dietary supplementation of ghee residue on the performance of Japanese quails; An experiment was conducted to assess the effect of dietary supplementation of ghee residue on growth performance of Japanese quails. Ghee residue (GR) was included in the diet at 0 (T-1), 5 (T-2), 10 (T-3) and 15 (T-4) percent levels and fed to 500 Japanese quails, randomly divided into four treatment groups with five replicates each with twenty birds. The experimental diet was isocaloric and isonitrogenous. The estimated TME, CP and EE of GR were 4800kcal/kg, 24.46% and 40.78%, respectively. The highest body weight (213.55g) with best FE (2.62) was observed at 5% GR fed group (T (2)). Feed consumption and mortality did not differ significantly among various treatments. Slaughter yield was highest at 5% GR fed group. However, the body weight, FE and carcass yield at 5 and 10% GR fed groups remained statistically similar to that of control. Organoleptic study revealed that the meat of 10% GR fed group (T-3) was more acceptable compared to others. Breast muscle cholesterol level was highest in GR fed groups (T-2 to T-4) compared to control (T-1). GR Supplementation at all levels resulted in reduction of feed cost with highest reduction at 15% level (Rs. 1.46/kg) but reduction in performance was observed at the same level. It was concluded that ghee residue could be included in the broiler quail diet as an energy, protein and fat source up to 10% level.
Blood pressure lowering effect of lactotripeptides assumed as functional foods: a meta-analysis of current available clinical trials; The oral assumption of lactotripeptides Valine-Proline-Proline (VPP) and Isoleucine-Proline-Proline (IPP) as nutraceuticals or functional foods is supposed to improve blood pressure (BP) control by angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibition. However, data derived from clinical trials have reached conflicting conclusions. To perform a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled clinical trials evaluating the anti-hypertensive effect of lactotripeptides assumed as nutraceuticals or functional foods. Trials identified using a defined search strategy in PubMed were included in the meta-analysis, and their pooled effect was estimated with a random effects model, weighting for the inverse of the variance. Heterogeneity, publication bias, subgroup and meta-regression analyses were performed. A total of 18 trials have been identified, the clinical data of which have been clearly reported. Pooled effect of peptides was a reduction of -3.73 mm Hg (95% CI: -6.70, -1.76) for systolic blood pressure (SBP) and 1.97 mm Hg (95% CI: -3.85, -0.64) for diastolic blood pressure (DBP). The effect was more evident in Asian patients (SBP = -6.93 mm Hg (95% CI: -10.95, -2.94); DBP = -3.98 mm Hg (95% CI: -5.38, -2.44)) than in Caucasian ones (SBP = -1.17 mm Hg (95% CI: -2.82, 0.72); DBP = -0.52 mm Hg (95% CI: -1.39, 0.13)), and apparently not related to age, baseline BP values, dose of lactotripeptides assumed or length of the treatment. VPP and IPP lactotripeptides assumed as functional foods may significantly reduce SBP particularly in Asian subjects. The relevance of this findings in other ethnicities or associated with different dietary pattern should to be further investigated. Journal of Human Hypertension (2011) 25, 425-436; doi:10.1038/jhh.2010.85; published online 2 September 2010
Effects of calcium salts of fatty acids and calcium salt of methionine hydroxy analogue on plasma prostaglandin F<sub>2α</sub> metabolite and milk fatty acid profiles in late lactation Holstein-Friesian cows; Effects of a dietary lipid supplement containing calcium salts of fatty acids and methionine hydroxy analogue on plasma prostaglandin F-2alpha (PGF(2alpha)) metabolite (PGFM) and milk fatty acid profiles were examined in 40 late lactation, nonpregnant, Holstein-Friesian cows for a period of 70 days. Effects on milk production, milk composition, and blood metabolites were also examined. Cows were paired on the basis of lactation number (first lactation, 17 = 8; second lactation, n = 32) and randomly assigned from within pairs to one of two dietary treatments: unsupplemented control (C) or 400 g per cow per day of the lipid supplement (S). Cows receiving the supplement had higher (P < 0.05) total milk production, total fat production (kg), and total lactose production (kg). Plasma cholesterol was significantly higher (P < 0.01) after 30 days of treatment in cows receiving the supplement. Cows receiving the supplement had lower (P < 0.01) concentrations of short chain milk fatty acids (C4:0 to C14:1) and higher concentrations of long chain fatty acids (C18:1 and C18:2; P < 0.01) than control animals. Oxytocin-induced prostaglandin release on Day 16 postovulation was increased (P < 0.01) in cows receiving the supplement. In conclusion, supplementation with calcium salts of fatty acids and methionine hydroxy analogue significantly increased milk yield and plasma PGFM. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Probiotic Yogurt on Fat Distribution and Gene Expression of Proinflammatory Factors in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells in Overweight and Obese People with or without Weight-Loss Diet; Objectives: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether probiotics had an effect on proinflammatory markers and cytokines in overweight and obese individuals and whether they could have synergistic effects with weight-loss diets. Methods: A total of 75 healthy overweight and obese individuals completed this randomized doubled-blind controlled clinical trial. Participants were randomly assigned to groups consuming regular yogurt with a low-calorie diet (LCD, RLCD; n = 25) or receiving probiotic yogurt with LCD (PLCD; n = 25) or consuming probiotic yogurt without LCD (PWLCD; n = 25) for 8 weeks. The pribiotic regimen contained 200g/day yogurt, enriched by Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 10(8) colony-forming units/g. Body fat percentage, high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), leptin, and mRNA levels of inflammation-related genes (TNF-alpha and RAR-related orphan receptor gamma [ROR-gamma t]) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were measured. Results: A reduction in body mass index (BMI), fat percentage, and leptin level was observed that was more obvious in groups who received the weight-loss diet with probiotic yogurt. Reduction in the gene expression of ROR-gamma t was significant in the PLCD group (p < 0.001). The expression of TNF-alpha did not change among all groups after intervention. The mean concentration of leptin was significantly decreased in all groups after the dietary intervention, but the mean changes in leptin level in the PLCD group was more prominent compared to the other two groups (-2.38, p < 0.001 [PLCD] vs -1.75, p = 0.002 [RLCD] and -0.55ng/mL, p = 0.12 [PWLCD]). The reduction in serum levels of hs-CRP was more evident in the PWLCD group compared to the PLCD and RLCD groups after the 8-week intervention (-3.4, p = 0.03vs -1.76, p < 0.001 and -2.98 pg/mL, p < 0.001, respectively). Conclusion: Our results suggested that the weight-loss diet and probiotic yogurt had synergistic effects on T-cells subset specific gene expression in PBMCs, fat percentage, and body weight among overweight and obese individuals.
HIGH-FAT SPREADABLE PROCESSED CHEESE FOR PEOPLE WITH HIGH BLOOD CHOLESTEROL; Part of the raw cheese base used for manufacturing high-fat processed cheese spread was replaced by cows' (C) or buffalo (B) butter residue at levels of up to 20%. These residues were produced during the conversion of butter to butter oil by traditional moderate (T) or severe (M) heat treatments. The hypocholesterolaemic properties of butter residues incorporated into processed cheese were tested with rats (serum and liver cholesterol) and human beings (serum cholesterol). When rats were given the control cheese with no butter residue there were significant increases in both serum and liver cholesterol compared with rats given stock diet. However, when part of the raw cheese base was replaced by butter residue these rises were reduced by amounts proportional to the level of butter residue. The hypocholesterolaemic properties of the residues were in order CT > BT, CM > BM, and incorporations of 10% CT, 15% BT, 15% CM and 20% BM were found to nullify the hypercholesterolaemic effects of control cheese and restore cholesterol levels to their normal values. A small human trial gave similar results. Incorporation of butter residue slightly affected the chemical composition of the cheeses. Fat content and pH were little different; however, cheeses with butter residue tended to have higher total protein but lower soluble protein, tyrosine and tryptophan, and total volatile fatty acids. Rheological properties were not altered significantly. Incorporation of butter residue improved the organoleptic properties, particularly flavour intensity. Storage at 5-degrees-C for 2 months did not alter the organoleptic properties and changes in chemical composition followed the normal pattern.
Effects of Two Different Dietary Patterns on Inflammatory Markers, Advanced Glycation End Products and Lipids in Subjects without Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomised Crossover Study; Epidemiological studies suggest that consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains are associated with type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome and increased inflammatory and fibrinolytic markers. We hypothesised that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would increase inflammatory markers and advanced glycation end products (AGEs) compared with a diet high in dairy, whole grains, nuts and legumes (HWD). We performed a randomised crossover study of two four-week interventions in 51 participants without type 2 diabetes (15 men and 36 women aged 35.1 +/- 15.6 years; body mass index: 27.7 +/- 6.9 kg/m(2)). No baseline measurements were performed. Plasma fluorescent AGEs, carboxymethyllysine, glucose, insulin, lipids, hs-CRP, interleukin 6 (IL-6) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) were analysed after four weeks on each diet. IL-6, hs-CRP, AGEs and carboxymethyllysine were not different between diets but PAI-1 was higher after the HMD than after HWD ((median and interquartile range) 158, 81 vs. 121, 53 ng/mL p < 0.001). PAI-1 on the HWD diet was inversely correlated with whole grains intake (p = 0.007). PAI-1 was inversely correlated with insulin sensitivity index (r = 0.45; p = 0.001) and positively correlated with serum total cholesterol (r = 0.35; p = 0.012) and serum triglyceride (r = 0.32; p = 0.021) on HMD. This trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12614000519651).
The co-injection of antioxidants with foot-and-mouth disease vaccination altered growth performance and blood parameters of finishing Holstein steers; Objective: This study was conducted to evaluate whether the co-injection of antioxidants together with foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) vaccination has the potential to attenuate the negative effects caused by vaccination in Holstein finishing steers. Methods: A total of 36 finishing Holstein steers (body weight [BW]: 608 +/- 45.6 kg, 17 months old) were randomly allocated to one of three treatments: i) control (CON, only FMD vaccination without any co-injection), ii) co-injection of commercial non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID) with FMD vaccination at a ratio of 10: 1 (NSAID vol/FMD vaccine vol) as a positive control (PCON), iii) co-injection of commercial mixture of vitamin E and selenium with FMD vaccination (VITESEL) (1 mL of FMD vaccine+ 1 mL of antioxidants per 90 kg of BW). Changes in growth performance and blood parameters because of treatments were determined. Results: No significant difference in BW, average daily gain, and dry matter intake of the steers was observed among the treatments. The FMD vaccination significantly increased white blood cells (WBC), neutrophils, platelets, and mean platelet volume (p< 0.01) in blood analysis. The count of lymphocyte tended to increase after vaccination (p = 0.08). In blood analysis, steers in VITESEL tended to have higher numbers of WBC, neutrophils, and platelets compared to that of other treatments (p = 0.09, 0.06, and 0.09, respectively). Eosinophils in VITESEL were higher than those in PCON (p< 0.01). Among blood metabolites, blood urea nitrogen and aspartate transaminase were significantly increased, but cholesterol, alanine transferase, inorganic phosphorus, Mg, and albumin were decreased after FMD vaccination (p< 0.01). Conclusion: The use of antioxidants in FMD vaccination did not attenuate growth disturbance because of FMD vaccination. The metabolic changes induced by vaccination were not controlled by the administration of antioxidants. The protective function of antioxidants was effective mainly on the cell counts of leukocytes.
Associations of types of dairy consumption with adiposity: cross-sectional findings from over 12 000 adults in the Fenland Study, UK; Evidence from randomised controlled trials supports beneficial effects of total dairy products on body weight, fat and lean mass, but evidence on associations of dairy types with distributions of body fat and lean mass is limited. We aimed to investigate associations of total and different types of dairy products with markers of adiposity, and body fat and lean mass distribution. We evaluated cross-sectional data from 12 065 adults aged 30-65 years recruited to the Fenland Study between 2005 and 2015 in Cambridgeshire, UK. Diet was assessed with an FFQ. We estimated regression coefficients (or percentage differences) and their 95 % CI using multiple linear regression models. The medians of milk, yogurt and cheese consumption were 293 (interquartile range (IQR) 146-439), 35 center dot 3 (IQR 8 center dot 8-71 center dot 8) and 14 center dot 6 (IQR 4 center dot 8-26 center dot 9) g/d, respectively. Low-fat dairy consumption was inversely associated with visceral:subcutaneous fat ratio estimated with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (-2 center dot 58 % (95 % CI -3 center dot 91, -1 center dot 23 %) per serving/d). Habitual consumption per serving/d (200 g) of milk was associated with 0 center dot 33 (95 % CI 0 center dot 19, 0 center dot 46) kg higher lean mass. Other associations were not significant after false discovery correction. Our findings suggest that the influence of milk consumption on lean mass and of low-fat dairy consumption on fat mass distribution may be potential pathways for the link between dairy consumption and metabolic risk. Our cross-sectional findings warrant further research in prospective and experimental studies in diverse populations.
Evaluating Methionine Hydroxyl Manganese and Manganese Sulfate Sources for Dairy Cows During Peak-and Mid-lactation Stage; Thirty Holstein cows (10 cows per treatment) were blocked according to calving date, milk yield and party and randomly assigned to a study to determine the effect of manganese (Mn) sources on lactating cows. Treatments were (1) all Mn (14 ppm) supplied by sulfate (S), (2) Mn sulfate (MnSO(4)) and methionine hydroxyl manganese (Mn-(HMTBA)(2)) contributed half of the dietary Mn (SM) or (3) all Mn supplied by (Mn-(HMTBA)(2)) (M). The average 4% Fat-corrected Milk (FCM) yield and fat yield of cows supplied with M dietary were significantly higher than the cows fed with SM and the S (p<0.05). The average lactose rate of SM was significantly lower than S and M (p<0.05). Numerically, the apparent digestibility of organic matter, crude protein, crude fat and acid detergent fiber of S were the lowest but no significant difference were found between groups (p>0.05). Significant increases was observed for serum High-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration of M compared with S and SM (p<0.05). The average detectable follicle numbers and ovarian score for cows of M was generally lower than cows of SM and S but no significant difference was observed (p>0.1.0). The present study suggested that replacing a portion of dietary Mn sulfate with Mn-(HMTBA)(2) during the peak-and mid-lactation periods will improve the lipid metabolism and milk fat secretion; however, the follicular development may be hampered.
High levels of whole raw soybean in diets for Nellore bulls in feedlot: effect on growth performance, carcass traits and meat quality; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of whole raw soybean (WRS) in the finishing diet of Nellore cattle on productive performance, carcass traits, meat quality, fatty acid profile of meat, and blood parameters. In a completely randomized design, 52 Nellore bulls (mean body weight +/- SD: 380 +/- 34 kg) were allotted for 84 days. The animals received the following diets with a forage: concentrate ratio of 40/60:(i) WRS0:control diet without soybean grains; (ii) WRS8: diet containing 8% WRS in dry matter basis; (iii) WRS16:diet containing 16% WRS, and (iv) WRS24: diet containing 24% WRS. At intervals of 28 days, the animals were weighed, muscle and adipose tissue was analysed by ultrasound, and blood samples were collected. The animals were slaughtered on day 85 and liver weight and hot carcass weight were measured during slaughter. The pH and carcass dressing were calculated at 24 h after slaughter. Longissimus dorsi muscle samples were collected for the determination of fatty acid profile of meat, ether extract, tenderness and sensory analysis of meat aged for 14 days. Blood cholesterol content increased linearly with increasing proportion of whole raw soybean grains. The diet did not affect performance or carcass attributes. The WRS8 had the highest shear force values. In fatty acid profile, C14:0 decreased (p = 0.05), whereas 16:1, 20:0 and 20:1 fatty acids increased linearly with increasing proportion of WRS (p < 0.05). However, concentration of conjugated linoleic acid cis 9, trans 11 and 17:0 increased with WRS24 and WRS16. In the sensory analysis, WRS24 was more tender with respect to the other treatments (p < 0.05). Finally, the inclusion of WRS in the finishing diet of feedlot Nellore bulls only evidenced little changes in fatty acid profile and tenderness, in animals fed diets containing 16 or 24% soybean.
Milk Conjugated Linoleic Acid (CLA) Profile and Metabolic Responses of Dairy Cows Fed with High-temperature-micro-time (HTMT) Treated Diets Containing High Quantity Extruded Soybean (ESB); A feeding trial was conducted to examine the effect of high-temperature-micro-time (HTMT) processing of diets containing extruded soybean (ESB) in high quantity on milk fat production. metabolic responses, and the formation of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and trans-vaccenic acid (TVA). Twenty-one multiparous Holstein cows in mid-lactation were blocked according to milk yield in the previous lactation. Cows within each block were randomly assigned to either normal concentrate or HTMT treated diets containing ESB (7.5% HTMT-ESB and 15% HTMT-ESB). It was hypothesized that the HTMT-ESB would affect the undegradable fatty acids in the rumen and, thus. would modify the fatty acid profile of milk fat. Both 7.5% and 15% HTMT-ESB did not affect milk yield., fat, protein, lactose and solid-not-fat (SNF), but the proportion of cis-9, trans-11 CLA in milk fat was significantly increased by these treatments. Content of TVA in milk fat was not affected by HTMT-ESB. The HTMT-ESB influenced the fatty acid profile in milk fat, but there was little difference between 7.5% and 15% of supplementation. HTMT-ESB feeding significantly decreased the concentration of plasma insulin and glucose, while plasma growth hormone (GH), triglyceride (TG), non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and HDL-cholesterol were increased by 7.5% and 15% ESB-HTMT supplementation in comparison to the control group (p<0.05). However, no significant difference was observed in plasma LDL-cholesterol, insulin like growth factor (IGF)-1. T3, T4, and leptin concentrations among treatments (p>0.05). The present results showed that cis-9, trans-11 CLA production was increased by HTMT treatment of dietary ESB without reduction of milk fat, and the unchanged milk fat and yield was assumed to be associated with the constant level of thyroid hormones, leptin. and IGF-1.
Long-term use of probiotics for the management of office and ambulatory blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Previous studies showed a controversial result on the relationship between probiotics treatment duration and blood pressure (BP). The present meta-analysis is performed to summarize the effects of long-term (>= 8 weeks) use of probiotics on office and ambulatory BP using combined evidence from randomized, controlled trials. We searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane library, and the ClinicalTrials.gov till January, 2021 to identify eligible articles. Primary outcomes were changes in office BP. In the presence of heterogeneity, a random-effects model was used to calculate the combined treatment effect. Begg's funnel plots and Egger's regression test were used to assess the publication bias. Meta-analysis of 26 trials in 1624 participants demonstrated that probiotic consumption significantly decreased office systolic BP by 2.18 mmHg (95% confidence interval [CI], -3.41 to -0.94 mmHg) and diastolic BP by 1.07 mmHg (95% CI, -1.72 to -0.41 mmHg). The analysis on ambulatory BP from three trials showed a similar reduction by -2.35/-1.61 mmHg (p <=.052). Subgroup analysis in hypertensive and diabetic patients showed a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic BP (p <= .02). The reductions in diabetic and hypertensive patients were comparatively larger than nondiabetic and normotensive patients (p >=.052). With the increase of age, baseline body mass index (BMI), treatment duration, and systolic BR the effects of probiotics on BP did not increase significantly (p(trend) >=.18). The present meta-analysis suggests a beneficial effect of probiotics on BP by a modest degree, especially in the diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Prolonging the treatment duration could not improve the antihypertensive effect.
The effect of offering an energy and protein supplement to grazing canchim beef cows either postpartum or both pre- and postpartum on lipid blood metabolites and folliculogenesis; This study was designed to evaluate the effect of nutritional supplementation offered during the pre- and postpartum periods on serum cholesterol, triglycerides and total lipids of Canchim beef cows and their relationship with folliculogenesis. Thirty cows with predicted calving date between September and October, kept in pastures of Brachiaria brizantha cv. Marandu together with their calves, were randomly distributed into three experimental groups: the first received only a mineral mixture (Control Group, CG); the second group received a concentrate with 16% crude protein/kg dry matter (DM) and 3000 kcal digestible energy/kg DM offered for 45 days prepartum and 120 days postpartum (PREG); the third group received the concentrate from parturition until the 120th day postpartum (POSG). Consumption was estimated at 1% of body weight, and each cow received approximately 4.0 kg/day (fresh weight) of supplement. Blood samples were taken and an ultrasound examination of the ovaries was performed twice a week until the 60th day postpartum. The body condition score (BCS) and the weight of the cows were recorded at 15-day intervals from calving until the 60th day postpartum. Data are presented as mean +/- SEM. Mean weight and BCS at calving were, respectively, 448 +/- 54.9 kg and 6.2 +/- 0.25 (PREG); 432 +/- 71.1 kg and 5.5 +/- 0.69 (POSG); and 434 +/- 66.4 kg and 5.5 +/- 0.69 (CG). Total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TRIG) and total lipids (TLIP) were measured using colorimetry until the 60th day postpartum. TC averages were PREG 186 +/- 62.6 mg/dL, POSG 159 +/- 43.1 mg/dL and CG 133 +/- 35.1 mg/dL (P < 0.05). For TRIG, the means were PREG 29 +/- 11.3 mg/dL (P < 0.05), POSG 24 +/- 8.1 mg/dL and CG 26 +/- 12.1 mg/dL (P > 0.05). Serum concentrations of TLIP were PREG 588 +/- 145.6 mg/dL, POSG 512 +/- 137.6 mg/dL and CG 452 +/- 122.4 mg/dL (P < 0.05). The first dominant follicle (DF) was identified on Day 21 +/- 10.3 (PREG), 36 +/- 28.5 (POSG) and 51 +/- 32.8 (CG) after calving. The difference between PREG and CG was significant (P < 0.05). TC was positively correlated with the calving to first estrus interval (P < 0.05). Results showed that nutritional supplementation before parturition assured good body condition at calving and suggested that it was effective at increasing cholesterol availability to maintain ovarian follicle function and to favor earlier resumption of ovarian activity. (C) 2010 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Randomized trial on protein vs carbohydrate in <i>ad libitum</i> fat reduced diet for the treatment of obesity; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect on weight loss in obese subjects by replacement of carbohydrate by protein in ad libitum consumed fat-reduced diets. DESIGN: Randomized dietary intervention study over six months comparing two ad libitum fat reduced diets (30% of total energy) strictly controlled in composition: High-carbohydrate (HC, protein 12% of total energy) or high-protein (HP, protein 25% of total energy). SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Subjects were 65 healthy, overweight and obese subjects (50 women, 15 men, aged 18-55 y) randomly assigned to HC (n = 25), HP (n = 25) or a control group (C, n = 15). All food was provided by self-selection in a shop at the department, and compliance to the diet composition was evaluated by urinary nitrogen excretion. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Change in body weight, body composition and blood lipids. RESULTS: More than 90% completed the trial. Weight loss after six months was 5.1 kg In the HC group and 8.9 kg in the HP group (difference 3.7 kg, 95% confidence interval (CI)(1.3 - 6.2 kg) P < 0.001), and fat loss was 4.3 kg and 7.6 kg, respectively (difference 3.3 kg (1.1-5.5 kg) P < 0.0001), whereas no changes occurred in the control group. More subjects lost >10 kg in the HP group (35 %) than in the HC group (9 %). The HP diet only decreased fasting plasma triglycerides and free fatty acids significantly. CONCLUSIONS: Replacement of some dietary carbohydrate by protein in an ad libitum fat-reduced diet, improves weight loss and increases the proportion of subjects achieving a clinically relevant weight loss. More freedom to choose between protein-rich and complex carbohydrate-rich foods may allow obese subjects to choose more lean meat and dairy products, and hence improve adherence to low-fat diets in weight reduction programs.
DIETARY FAT FOR LACTATING BOVINE .I. EFFECT ON FATTY ACIDS OF SERUM CHOLESTEROL ESTERS; Twenty-four Holstein cows were randomly assigned to treatment sequence and fed 2 levels of alfalfa hay (1.0 kg/ 100 kg body weight and 2.5 kg/100 kg body weight) and 3 types of concentrate (control, 6% added tallow, and 6% added cottonseed oil). The low roughage diet increased the 18:2 serum cholesterol esters while depressing the 20 : 1 fraction. Feeding tallow caused a depression of 12 : 0, 14 : 0, and 14 : 1 on the low roughage diet. While tallow caused an increase in 16 : 1, 16 :2, and 18 :3 on both roughage groups, the increase was significant only on the high roughage group. Cottonseed oil in the diet lowered 18 : 3 and 20 : 4 on the low roughage fed animals. Tallow raised 20 : 1 for both roughage groups. There were no significant correlation coefficients between the fatty acids of serum cholesterol esters and milk fatty acids.
Effect of soybean oil supplementation on the contents of plasma cholesterol and Cis9, trans11-CLA of the fat tissues in sheep; A feeding trial was conducted with 10 sheep for 12 weeks to examine the effect of soybean oil (SBO) supplementation on long-chain fatty acids composition, especially cis9,trans 11-conjugated linoleic acid (c9,t11-CLA) in fat tissues. Sheep were fed either a SBO supplemented diet (5%, DM basis) or a control diet without SBO. Chopped rye grass hay was fed as roughage. Concomitant increases in contents of total cholesterol (T-C) and HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) in the plasma of sheep were observed from the SBO supplementation. The supplementation of SBO reduced (p < 0.05) the proportions of C-16:1, C-17:0 and C-17:1 but increased (p < 0.05) the proportions of Cis(18:0) and octadecenoic acid (t11-Cis(18:1)) in the intramuscular fat. The C-18:0 proportion only in the subcutaneous fat was increased (p < 0.05) by the SBO supplementation. The SBO supplementation slightly increased CLA proportion in the intramuscular fat and subcutaneous fat.
Effects of probiotics and synbiotic on lipid profiles in adults at risk of type 2 diabetes: A double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: The use of probiotics and/or prebiotics as an effective means of regulating gut microbiota may have a beneficial effect on metabolic disorders. Aims: This study was designed to assess the ability of probiotics and synbiotic to modify lipid profiles in subjects with prediabetes who are at risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Methods: In a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, 120 pre-diabetic adults aged 35-70 years from the first-degree family of type 2 diabetic patients were recruited and randomly equally assigned to consume 6 g/d either probiotic or synbiotic or placebo supplements for 6 months. The probiotics used were Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium bifidum, Bifidobacterium lactis, and Bifidobacterium longum. Food record, physical activity, anthropometric measures and lipid profiles were assessed repeatedly at baseline, and 3- and 6-month supplementation. Results: Probiotics and synbiotic were effective in reduction of serum triglycerides after 6 months of intervention (SMD=-10.6 and -9.4 respectively). Compared with the placebo, synbiotic resulted in a significant reduction in serum triglyceride levels (MD +/- SE: -9.4 +/- 6.6 mg/dl vs. + 13.2 +/- 6.8 mg/dl, p=0.02). Serum total-, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol were statistically unaffected by probiotic or synbiotic. Conclusion: The results of this study showed that supplementation with probiotic and especially synbiotic could decrease the concentration of triglyceride in prediabetic adults. This finding could warrant future studies to determine the therapeutic and preventive effects of these supplements in individuals at risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
Dietary approaches to stop hypertension influence on insulin receptor substrate-lgene expression: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Insulin receptor substrate (IRS) Type 1 is a main substrate for the insulin receptor, controls insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and the vascular, so it is an important candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). We aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and Usual Dietary Advices (UDA) on IRS1 gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Materials and Methods: A randomized controlled clinical trial was performed in 44 women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Participants were randomly assigned to a UDA diet or the DASH diet. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The UDA diet was a regular diet with healthy dietary advice. Gene expression was assessed by the real-time polymerase chain reaction at the first of study and after 12 weeks. Independent sample t-test and paired-samples t-test were used to compare means of all variables within and between two groups respectively. Results: IRS1 gene expression was increased in DASH group compared with UDA diet (P = 0.00). Weight and waist circumference decreased in DASH group significantly compared to the UDA group (P < 0.05) but the results between the two groups showed no significant difference. Conclusion: DASH diet increased IRS1 gene expression and probably has beneficial effects on IR risks.
Effects of Probiotic Yogurt on Serum Omentin-1, Adropin, and Nesfatin-1 Concentrations in Overweight and Obese Participants Under Low-Calorie Diet; Data on the effects of probiotics on adipokines such as omentin-1, nesfatin-1, and adropin are limited. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic yogurt along with a low-calorie diet (LCD) on serum omentin-1, adropin, and nesfatin-1 concentrations in obese and overweight individuals. Sixty obese or overweight individuals aged 20-50 years old were involved in this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. Participants were randomly allocated into two groups to consume either probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 (10(8) CFU/g each) (n = 30) or regular yogurt (n = 30) along with a LCD in both groups for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after the 8-week intervention to determine related variables. A significant decrease in body fat percentage was observed in the probiotic group compared with the regular group after 8 weeks (- 1.51 +/- 069 vs - 0.88 +/- 0.68%, P = 0.002). After the 8-week intervention, a significant difference in serum adropin concentration (6.04 +/- 24.46 vs - 8.16 +/- 24.66 pg/ml, P = 0.03 and serum omentin-1 concentration (0.09 +/- 1.51 vs - 1.5 +/- 1.8 ng/ml, P = 0.003) was observed between two groups. We did not observe any significant changes in nesfatin-1 and other anthropometric measures. Overall, probiotic yogurt for 8 weeks among overweight or obese individuals along with LCD had beneficial effects on body fat percentage, serum omentin-1, and adropin concentration, but it did not have any effect on nesfatin-1 level.
Vitamin D Status, Calcium Intake and Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes: An Unresolved Issue; The relationship between vitamin D status, calcium intake and the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a topic of growing interest. One of the most interesting non-skeletal functions of vitamin D is its potential role in glucose homeostasis. This possible association is related to the secretion of insulin by pancreatic beta cells, insulin resistance in different tissues and its influence on systemic inflammation. However, despite multiple observational studies and several meta-analyses that have shown a positive association between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations and the risk of T2D, no randomized clinical trials supplementing with different doses of vitamin D have confirmed this hypothesis definitively. An important question is the identification of what 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels are necessary to influence glycemic homeostasis and the risk of developing T2D. These values of vitamin D can be significantly higher than vitamin D levels required for bone health, but the currently available data do not allow us to answer this question adequately. Furthermore, a large number of observational studies show that dairy consumption is linked to a lower risk of T2D, but the components responsible for this relationship are not well established. Therefore, the importance of calcium intake in the risk of developing T2D has not yet been established. Although there is a biological plausibility linking the status of vitamin D and calcium intake with the risk of T2D, well-designed randomized clinical trials are necessary to answer this important question.
Effect of propylene glycol supplementation around parturition on milk yield, reproduction performance and some hormonal and metabolic characteristics in dairy cows; Thirty-nine multiparous Holstein cows were used to measure the effect of propylene glycol treatment around parturition on milk yield, reproductive efficiency and some hormone and metabolite concentrations. Cows were assigned randomly to control (n = 19) or propylene glycol treated (n = 20) groups. Propylene glycol (300 g) was administered directly mixed with the diet from day 10 prior to the expected calving date until parturition (day 0) and orally after dilution in 1 l water on days 3, 6, 9 and 12. Blood samples were collected on days -20, -5, 0, 3, 10, 25 and 50 while milk samples were taken weekly until 13 weeks post partum. Body condition scores, recorded on days -20, 15 and 50, were not affected by propylene glycol administration. Propylene glycol did not significantly affect milk yield or composition but linear somatic cell score measured from the first 13 weeks post partum was reduced by propylene glycol administration (P < 0.01). Moreover, propylene glycol reduced milk urea (-25 mg/l, P < 0.05), especially during the first 9 weeks post partum. Plasma insulin concentrations were similar in both groups during the experiment while insulin-like growth factor I (P < 0.05) and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 (P < 0.001) levels were higher on days 10, 25 and 50 post partum in the propylene glycol group. Propylene glycol administration decreased plasma non-esterified fatty acid concentrations (P < 0.05 to P < 0.01) but increased total cholesterol levels (P < 0.01) after parturition while 3-hydroxybutyrate levels were unaffected by the treatment. Changes in the hormone and metabolic concentrations after propylene glycol administration in the last few days of gestation and the first week of lactation seem to indicate that energy balance in the treated group was probably more positive than in the control group. There was also evidence that propylene glycol administration prevented fatty liver syndrome and hastened the resumption of oestrous cycles (P < 0.001).
Selection of Dominant NSLAB from a Mature Traditional Cheese According to their Technological Properties and <i>in vitro</i> Intestinal Challenges; Isolates (47) of lactobacilli from 5 different productions of Melichloro cheese were examined for potential use as adjunct cultures. The sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) of whole-cell proteins classified 29 isolates as L. paraplantarum and 18 as L. paracasei subsp. paracasei. Randomly amplified polymorphic DNA-polymerase chain reaction (RAPD-PCR) analysis differentiated the L. paraplantarum and L. paracasei subsp. paracasei isolates at strain level and both, RAPD analysis and whole-cell protein profiling provided useful information about the diversity of nonstarter lactic acid bacteria (NSLAB) in the different cheese productions. The isolates were slow acidifiers and about 70% of them degraded, preferentially alpha(s)-casein. The amounts of amino acids accumulated in the milk increased with the incubation time. A similar enzyme profile was exhibited by strains of both species, except for alpha-mannosidase and alpha-fucosidase, which were not detected in the L. paracasei subsp. paracasei strains. All strains grew in the presence of bile at 0.3% and the majority was able to withstand pH 2.5 and pancreatin at 0.1%. Moreover, all strains reduced cholesterol in vitro, with higher removal ability recorded for strains of L. paraplantarum. A narrow spectrum of antibacterial activity was recorded for 88% of the strains. Selected isolates with appropriate technological and interesting in vitro intestinal challenges could be used as adjuncts and deserve further studies.
The effects of dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; ObjectiveThis study was designed to evaluate the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH diet) on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Design, Patients and Measurements:A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 overweight or obese patients with PCOS. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either low-calorie DASH (N=30) or control diet (N=30) for 12weeks. The DASH and control diets were consisted of 52%-55% carbohydrates, 16%-18% proteins and 30% total fats; however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, cholesterol and refined grains. Both diets were equicaloric. ResultsAdherence to the DASH diet, compared to the control diet, resulted in a significant decrease in BMI (-1.60.5 vs -1.2 +/- 0.7kg/m(2), P=.02). Significant decreases in AMH (-1.1 +/- 3.1 vs +0.3 +/- 0.7ng/mL, P=.01), insulin (-25.2 +/- 51.0 vs -1.2 +/- 28.8pmol/L, P=.02), homoeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (-0.9 +/- 2.0 vs -0.1 +/- 1.0, P=.02), free androgen index (FAI; -0.03 +/- 0.09 vs +0.06 +/- 0.21, P=.02) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels (-0.5 +/- 0.4 vs +0.2 +/- 0.3mol/L, P<.001), and significant increases in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01 +/- 0.03 vs -0.004 +/- 0.01, P=.02), sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG; +3.7 +/- 8.5 vs -1.5 +/- 7.2nmol/L, P=.01) and nitric oxide (NO; +9.0 +/- 4.9 vs +0.6 +/- 2.3mol/L, P<.001) were also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. ConclusionsAdherence to the DASH diet for 12weeks among PCOS women had beneficial effects on BMI, AMH, insulin metabolism, SHBG, FAI, NO and MDA levels.
Organochlorine in the serum of inhabitants living near an electrochemical factory; Objectives-To measure the impact of occupational and lifestyle factors on concentrations of organochlorine compounds in a general population sample living near an electrochemical factory with a high airborne concentration of hexachlorobenzene (HCB). Methods-Serum samples from 608 people (328 selected from a random sample) were collected in 1994. Information on lifestyles, occupation, and medical condition was obtained by questionnaire. Results-HCB and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were detected in all samples (means 36.7 ng/ml and 4.3 ng/ml respectively), followed by dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethane (DDE) and beta-hexachlorocyclohexane (beta-HCH), found in 98.7% and 87.3% of the samples respectively (means 4.6 ng/ml and 2.5 ng/ml, respectively). Concentrations of HCB were the highest ever reported. Occupation in the factory was the main determinant of the variation in concentrations of HCB (regression coefficients 1.52 (SEM 0.14) in ln (HCB) for workers in the production department, and 2.13 (0.23) for workers in maintenance department) and explained the highest concentrations of HCB found in men of middle age. In retired workers, concentrations of HCB declined with time since retirement. The PCBs, dichlorodiphenyl trichloroethane (DDT), and beta-HCH were independent of the occupation and concentrations were similar to those found in other populations. Concentrations of beta-HCH and DDE in the whole population, and HCB among non-workers, were higher in women than in men. Concentrations of all measured organochlorine compounds increased with age and body mass index. Consumption of locally caught fish was an independent determinant of HCB and PCB concentrations. Conclusions-This population incorporated HCB directly through occupation in the electrochemical factory, by airborne pollution, and consumption of locally caught fish. Concentrations of other common organochlorine compounds were not higher than expected. Environmental exposures to these compounds deserve attention due to their persistence and potential health effects.
Effect of postpartum exercise on mothers and their offspring: A review of the literature; Epidemiological studies suggest that childbearing may contribute to the development of obesity. In the past 12 years, several cross-sectional and randomized trials have addressed the effect of postpartum exercise on weight loss and/or energy balance in mostly lactating women. These studies suggest that moderate exercise without specific calorie restriction does not promote greater weight or fat loss. This may be because exercise may promote greater energy intake and/or reduced energy expenditure from nonexercise physical activity (thus preventing negative energy balance), but further research is needed. Regular exercise, however, is likely to have other important health benefits after childbirth. A few published studies suggest that postpartum exercise improves aerobic fitness, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels, and insulin sensitivity. Exercise may also enhance psychological well-being, but controlled clinical studies are needed. Although two published studies have addressed whether exercise training attenuates lactation-induced bone loss, better controlled studies are needed to determine whether postpartum weight-bearing exercise can improve bone mineral density in lactating and nonlactating women alike. In lactating women, several studies have collectively determined that neither acute nor regular exercise has adverse effects on a mother's ability to successfully breast-feed. It needs to be determined whether a woman's participation in regular exercise after childbirth will improve her ability to mother or instill lifetime habits of regular physical activity in either herself or her offspring. Overall, published studies have established the importance of regular exercise during the postpartum period. More research, however, is needed in this important area.
Consumption of low-fat dairy foods for 6 months improves insulin resistance without adversely affecting lipids or bodyweight in healthy adults: a randomized free-living cross-over study; Background: Given the highly debated role of dairy food consumption in modulating biomarkers of metabolic syndrome, this study was conducted to examine the influence of long-term (6 month) dairy consumption on metabolic parameters in healthy volunteers under free-living conditions without energy restriction. Methods: Twenty-three healthy subjects completed a randomized, crossover trial of 12 months. Participants consumed their habitual diets and were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a high dairy supplemented group instructed to consume 4 servings of dairy per day (HD); or a low dairy supplemented group limited to no more than 2 servings of dairy per day (LD). Baseline, midpoint, and endpoint metabolic responses were examined. Results: Endpoint measurements of body weight and composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, blood glucose, and blood lipid and lipoprotein responses did not differ (p > 0.05) between the LD and HD groups. HD consumption improved (p < 0.05) plasma insulin (-9%) and insulin resistance (-11%, p = 0.03) as estimated by HOMA-IR compared with the LD group. Conclusions: Study results suggest that high dairy consumption (4 servings/d) may improve insulin resistance without negatively impacting bodyweight or lipid status under free-living conditions.
The effect of inulin and resistant maltodextrin on weight loss during energy restriction: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blinded intervention; Purpose The objective of this study was to investigate the additive effects of combining energy restriction with dietary fibres on change in body weight and gut microbiota composition. Methods The study was a 12-week randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blinded, parallel intervention trial. A total of 116 overweight or obese participants were assigned randomly either to 10 g inulin plus 10 g resistant maltodextrin or to 20 g of placebo supplementation through 400 mL of milk a day, while on a - 500 kcal/day energy restricted diet. Results Altogether, 86 participants completed the intervention. There were no significant differences in weight loss or body composition between the groups. The fibre supplement reduced systolic (5.35 +/- 2.4 mmHg, p = 0.043) and diastolic (2.82 +/- 1.3 mmHg, p = 0.047) blood pressure to a larger extent than placebo. Furthermore, a larger decrease in serum insulin was observed in the placebo group compared to the fibre group (- 26.0 +/- 9.2 pmol/L, p = 0.006). The intake of fibre induced changes in the composition of gut microbiota resulting in higher abundances of Parabacteroides and Bifidobacteria, compared to placebo. The effects on blood pressure and glucose metabolism were mainly observed in women, and could be attributed to a higher gut microbiota diversity after intervention. Finally, the fibre group experienced a higher degree of gastrointestinal symptoms, which attenuated over time. Conclusions Supplementation of inulin and resistant maltodextrin did not provide an additional weight loss during an energy-restricted diet, but reduced both systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Furthermore, the fibre supplement did stimulate the growth of potentially beneficial bacteria genera. Clinical trial registry The study was registered at http://www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT03135041.
Effects of dietary supplementation of bentonite and Saccharomyces cerevisiae cell wall on acute-phase protein and liver function in high-producing dairy cows during transition period; The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy of dietary endotoxin binders [bentonite (BEN) and Saccharomyces cerevisiae cell wall ( SCW)] on acute -phase protein (APP) response and liver function in cows during the transition period. Twenty-four multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to one of four treatment groups. The experimental groups consisted of (1) the basal diet (BD) + SCW, (2) BD + SCW + BEN, (3) BD + BEN, and (4) BD (control). Blood samples were taken at 1, 3 and 4 weeks before and 1 and 3 weeks after parturition and serum concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), betahydroxybutyrate (BHBA), glucose, haptoglobin (Hp), serum amyloid A(SAA), albumin, g-glutamyl transferase (GGT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), cholesterol, iron, and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) were measured. The concentrations of LPS, SAA, albumin, and Hp in the blood were within reference range at all times. The level of blood LPS was not high enough to initiate an APP response. Mean BHBA concentration was highest at 1 week after calving. For NEFA, the pattern was similar, with a peak at 1 week after calving. Cholesterol concentration was lower in the SCW group, probably due to a lower lipoprotein concentration. Mean AST concentration was highest at 1 week after calving, especially in the SCW + BEN group. The results of a current study showed that, if the carbohydrate level is not high in the diet to cause rumen acidosis, it is not profitable to supplement BEN and SCW for adsorbing endotoxins in the diet, in transition cows.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> N1115 on dyslipidaemia: A randomized controlled study; Probiotics could improve our health by balancing the gut microbiota or interacting with intestinal mucosa directly. This randomized, single-blind, controlled intervention study purposed to explore the effects of Lacto-bacillus paracasei N1115 (LP N1115) on dyslipidaemia. A total of 109 dyslipidaemia subjects were recruited and divided randomly into two groups: 52 subjects in probiotics group and 57 subjects in placebo group. Blood samples were collected to test serum lipid parameters. Fecal samples were collected to analyze the gut microbiota by Illumina Miseq sequence machine. Administration of 4 x 10(10) CFU/day LP N1115 for 12 weeks was found to improve dyslipidaemia profiles by lowering serum total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.028) and apolipoprotein B (Apo-B) (P = 0.028). A significant decrease in FPG was also found in probiotic group (P = 0.001). The Chao1 index increased significantly in probiotic group after intervention (P < 0.01), which did not happen in placebo group. Shannon Index increased and Simpson index decreased significantly between groups at week 12 (P < 0.001). The relative abundance of Alistipes spp. and Fusobacterium spp. decreased significantly, and the relative abundance of Faecalibacterium spp. and Lactobacillus spp. increased significantly in placebo group. The relative abundance of Megamonas spp. Faecalibacterium spp. and Lactobacillus spp. increased significantly, the relative abundance of Bacteroides spp. and Phascolarctobacterium spp. decreased significantly in probiotic group. However, the overall gut microbial structure did not change significantly from the view of Principal coordinates analysis (PCoA) of Bray-Curtis distance in probiotic group. The above results showed that LP N1115 might have the potential to regulate metabolic disorders such as TC, LDL-C and FPG, and also increased some of the abundance and diversity index of gut microbiota in dyslipidemias population. However, the evidence is not strong enough. Larger sample size and longer intervention period are needed to verify the efficacy of LP N1115. The mechanism is still vague and will need further well-designed studies to clarify.
Carotenoid composition of human milk during the first month postpartum and the response to β-carotene supplementation; Background: Information is lacking regarding normal chancres in milk carotenoid concentrations in healthy, well-nourished women during the first month of lactation. Objectives: This study investigated milk carotenoid concentrations during days 4-32 postpartum and assessed the effects of maternal P-carotene supplementation. Design: Subjects (n = 21; aged 19-39 y) were randomly assigned to receive beta-carotene (30 mg/d) or placebo from days 4 to 32 postpartum. Each subject provided 8 diet records and 8 milk samples during the study. Diet records were analyzed for energy, macronutrients, vitamins A and E, and carotenoids. Milk samples were analyzed with HPLC for concentrations of carotenoids, retinol, and cc-tocopherol. Data were analyzed by using repeated measures analysis and orthogonal contrasts. Results: No significant differences in average dietary intakes, body mass index, age, or parity were found between groups at baseline or after supplementation. Milk carotenoid concentrations decreased over time (P < 0.01), as did retinol and alpha-tocopherol concentrations (P < 0.003). Concentrations of most carotenoids decreased to those reported for mature milk by day 32 postpartum. Milk lutein concentrations remained elevated throughout the study compared with values reported for mature milk, whereas plasma lutein concentrations decreased significantly over time, beta-carotene supplementation did not significantly change the milk concentrations of beta-carotene, the other carotenoids, retinol, or alpha-tocopherol. Conclusions: The lack of increase in milk beta-carotene despite supplementation suggests that transitional milk may be already nearly saturated with beta-carotene. The elevated milk lutein concentration and simultaneous decrease in plasma lutein suggest that lutein metabolism may be altered during early lactation.
Vitamin D-fortified cooking oil is an effective way to improve vitamin D status: an institutional efficacy trial; Purpose High prevalence of vitamin D deficiency (VDD) justifies a cost-effective and sustainable strategy to combat VDD in the community. This study was undertaken for the first time to evaluate the efficacy of daily consumption of vitamin D fortified sunflower oil with a meal. Methods This single-blind trial was conducted in two separate institutions: one as intervention (D-fortified sunflower oil) group (DO, n(1) = 39) and the other as control (unfortified sunflower oil) group (SO, n(2) = 33). Participants consumed their lunches cooked either with D-fortified or unfortified cooking sunflower oil (500 IU/30 g) for 12 weeks. Dietary, anthropometric and biochemical assessments were done for all participants before and after the intervention. Results A total of 65 subjects from both sexes aged 32.5 +/- 4 years completed the intervention period. Serum 25(OH)D showed a significant increase in DO and a decrease in SO group (8.8 +/- 9.3 vs. - 7.4 +/- 6.4 ng/mL, p < 0.001). The rise in serum 25(OH)D in DO group was accompanied by a significant decrease in iPTH (DO: - 10.2 +/- 29.4 vs. SO: + 9.2 +/- 29.5 pg/mL; p = 0.009). A significant reduction in weight (p = 0.004), BMI (p = 0.029), waist girth (p < 0.001), serum total cholesterol (p = 0.0290) and LDL-C (p = 0.010) was observed in DO, as compared with SO group. Conclusions Cooking oil can be considered as an efficacious vehicle for mass fortification program to combat VDD. The improvement of vitamin D status may bring about betterment of certain cardiometabolic risk factors. Registration number Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT03826654.
High intake of regular-fat cheese compared with reduced-fat cheese does not affect LDL cholesterol or risk markers of the metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Regular-fat cheese contains a high amount of saturated fat. Therefore, dietary guidelines in many countries recommend the consumption of reduced-fat cheese as opposed to regular-fat cheese. However, the negative effect of regular-fat cheese is still under debate. Objectives: The aim was to compare the effects of regular-fat cheese with an equal amount of reduced-fat cheese and an isocaloric amount of carbohydrate-rich foods on LDL cholesterol and risk factors for the metabolic syndrome (MetS). Design: The study was a 12-wk randomized parallel intervention preceded by a 2-wk run-in period. A total of 164 subjects with MetS risk factors were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 intervention groups: regular-fat cheese (REG), reduced-fat cheese (RED), or a no cheese, carbohydrate control (CHO) group. Subjects in the REG and RED groups replaced part of their daily habitual diet with 80 g cheese/10 MJ, whereas subjects in the CHO group did the same with bread and jam corresponding to 90 g and 25 g/10 MJ, respectively. Results: A total of 139 subjects completed the intervention. The primary outcome, LDL cholesterol, was not significantly different between the REG and RED diets or between the REG and CHO diets. There was no significant difference in HDL cholesterol between the REG and RED diets, but HDL cholesterol tended to be higher with the REG diet than with the CHO diet (0.06 +/- 0.03 mmol/L; P = 0.07). Insulin, glucose, and triacylglycerol concentrations as well as blood pressure and waist circumference did not differ significantly between the 3 diets. Conclusion: A high daily intake of regular-fat cheese for 12 wk did not alter LDL cholesterol or MetS risk factors differently than an equal intake of reduced-fat cheese or an isocaloric amount of carbohydrate rich foods.
Probiotics for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: To systematically review evidence of probiotic interventions against type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and analyse the effects of probiotics on glycaemic control among T2DM patients. Methods: Electronic search using five electronic databases was performed until October 2015. Relevant studies were identified, extracted and assessed for risk of bias. The primary outcomes of this review were glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and fasting blood glucose (FBG). Fasting plasma insulin, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6 and malondialdehyde, were identified as the secondary outcomes. Mean differences (MD) between probiotics and control groups for all outcomes were pooled using either Fixed- or Random-Effect Model. Statistical heterogeneity was assessed using I-2 and Chi(2) tests. Results: Six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the systematic review, whereas only five were included in meta-analysis. Most RCTs were presented with low or unclear risk of bias. When compared to placebo, FBG was significantly lower with probiotic consumption (MD = -0.98 mmol/L; 95% CI: -1.17, 0.78, p < 0.00001), with moderate but insignificant heterogeneity noted. Insignificant changes between the groups were also noted for HbA1c and other secondary outcomes. Conclusions: A moderate hypoglycaemic effect of probiotics, with a significantly lower FBG was noted. Findings on HbA1c, anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative effects of probiotics in the clinical setting, however, remain inconsistent. The findings imply the need for well-designed clinical studies to further assess the potential beneficial effects of probiotics in management of T2DM. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Growth and body composition of dairy calves fed milk replacers containing different amounts of protein at two feeding rates; Previous research has demonstrated that increasing the CP concentration from 16 to 26% in milk replacers fed to male preruminant dairy calves at 1.5% of BW (DM basis) daily resulted in increased ADG, GY, and deposition of lean tissue. However, the effects of dietary CP would be expected to vary depending on ME intake. Here, male Holstein calves < 1 wk old were used to determine the effects of feeding rate and CP concentration of isocaloric, whey protein-based milk replacers on growth and body composition. After a 2-wk standardization period, calves were assigned randomly to an initial baseline group or to treatments in a 2 x 4 factorial arrangement of feeding rate (1.25 or 1.75% of BW daily, DM basis) and milk replacer CP concentration (14, 18, 22, or 26% of DM). No starter was offered, but calves had free access to water. After a 5-wk feeding period, calves were slaughtered and body composition was determined. Increasing the feeding rate increased (P < 0.05) ADG, GY, empty-body gains of chemical components and energy, the percentage of fat in empty BW gain and in the final empty body, and concentrations of IGF-I and insulin in plasma. Increasing the feeding rate decreased (P < 0.01) percentages of water and protein in the empty body and decreased urea N in plasma. Increasing dietary CP concentration linearly increased (P < 0.05) ADG, body length, heart girth, and gains of water and protein but linearly decreased (P < 0.05) fat gain. As dietary CP increased, fat content in empty body gain decreased, and water and protein increased. Increasing CP concentration increased (quadratic, P < 0.02) G:F, with greatest efficiencies for calves fed 22% CP. Gross energetic efficiency (retained energy:intake energy) was greater (P < 0.05) for calves fed at 1.75% of BW daily. Efficiency of dietary protein use for protein gain was greater for calves fed at 1.75% of BW daily but was not affected by dietary CP. The ratio of protein gain to apparently digestible protein intake above maintenance decreased as dietary CP increased. Interactions (P < 0.05) of feeding rate and CP concentration for gains of water and protein indicated that when dietary CP was 26% the ME supply limited protein use by calves fed at 1.25% of BW daily. Body composition of preruminant calves can be markedly altered by manipulating the protein to energy ratio in milk replacers. These dietary effects on body composition and growth are not predicted by current NRC standards.
Effect of fortified milk on lyso-platelet-activating factor acetyltranferase and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 in hypercholesterolemic adults; Hypercholesterolemia is associated with subclinical inflammation, characterised by elevated proinflammatory mediators. Lyso-platelet-activating factor acetyltransferase (lyso-PAF AT) and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) are two key metabolic enzymes of platelet-activating factor (PAF), a potent inflammatory lipid mediator. Little information is available concerning the efficacy of a dietary intervention on the metabolism of PAF. The objective of the study was to evaluate the effect of fortified milk on the activity of these enzymes. Forty-three adults (mean age 49.8 +/- 8.1 years) with body mass index <35kg/m2, and total cholesterol >200 but <310mg/dL were randomised to two groups; (i) intervention group received 500mL/day (two glasses) of a low-fat milk fortified with phytosterols, linoleic and alpha linolenic acids, vitamin C, vitamin E, vitamin A, vitamin B6, vitamin B12, folic acid, magnesium and selenium (n=22), and (ii) placebo group received 500mL/day of a conventional low-fat milk (n=21) for 3 months. Outcome measures were the activities of lyso-PAF AT from leukocytes and serum Lp-PLA2 determined with established methods. None of the activities changed significantly during the study in the intervention group, lyso-PAF AT (95% confidence interval: 1.7, 2.3nmol/min/mg; p=0.246), and Lp-PLA2 (7.8, 5.8nmol/min/mL, p=0.591). No difference was observed between the two groups. In conclusion, daily intake of two glasses of phytosterols, antioxidants, linoleic and linolenic acids via fortified milk for three months had no effect on the activity of either lyso-PAF AT or Lp-PLA2. Practical applications: Platelet-activating factor (PAF) was the first intact phospholipid known to have messenger functions in which the signaling results from the molecule binding to specific receptors on the plasma membrane or other membranes of the cell. It has a number of pro-inflammatory properties, and affects several critical points of atherogenesis including thrombosis, inflammation, and oxidation. Fortification of milk with nutrients that possess anti-inflammatory properties and administration to adults with elevated blood cholesterol could provide a means to controlling inflammatory process through the synthesis and degradation of PAF in a population group at risk for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
The effect of conjugated linoleic acid supplements on oxidative and antioxidative status of dairy cows; Dairy cows develop frequently negative energy balance around parturition and in early lactation, resulting in excessive mobilization of body fat and subsequently in increased risk of ketosis and other diseases. Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) supplements are used in dairy cows mainly for their depressing effect on milk fat content, but are also proposed to have antioxidative properties. As negative energy balance is associated with oxidative stress, which is also assumed to contribute to disease development, the present study was conducted to examine effects of CLA on oxidative and antioxidative status of lactating dairy cows. German Holstein cows (primiparous n = 13, multiparous n = 32) were divided into 3 dietary treatment groups receiving 100 g/d of control fat supplement, containing 87% stearic acid (CON; n = 14), 50 g/d of control fat supplement and 50 g/d of CLA supplement (CLA 50; n = 15), or 100 g/d of CLA supplement (CLA 100; n = 16). The CLA supplement was lipid-encapsulated and contained 12% of trans-10, cis-12 CLA and cis-9, trans-11 CLA each. Supplementation took place between d 1 and 182 postpartum; d 182 until 252 postpartum served as a depletion period. Blood was sampled at d -21, 1, 21, 70, 105, 140, 182, 224, and 252 relative to calving. The antioxidative status was determined using the ferric-reducing ability of plasma, alpha-tocopherol, alpha-tocopherol-to-cholesterol mass ratio, and retinol. For determination of oxidative status concentrations of hydroperoxides, thiobarbituric acidreactive substances (TBARS), N'-formylkynurenine, and bityrosine were measured. Mixed models of fixed and random effects with repeated measures were used to evaluate period 1 (d -21 to 140) and 2 (d 182-252) separately. Cows showed increased oxidative stress and lipid peroxidation during the periparturient period in terms of increased serum concentrations of hydroperoxides and TBARS, which decreased throughout lactation. During period 1, the supplemented cows had lower TBARS concentrations, which was not detectable in period 2. The other determined parameters were not affected by CLA supplementation. The obtained results show that dietary CLA supplementation in the chosen dosage, formulation, and application period had a marginal antioxidative effect in terms of lipid peroxidation in lactating dairy cows.
Comparative analysis of body weight and serum biochemistry in broilers supplemented with some selected probiotics and antibiotic growth promoters; Objective: The present work was conducted on Cobb-500 broilers fed with either probiotics (Yogurt, Promax (R)) or antibiotic growth promoters (Ciproflox (R), Renamycin (R)) to assess the effects on body weight and biochemical parameters. Materials and methods: A total of 30 day-old broiler chicks were purchased and acclimatized for 7 days in the experimental shed. After initial acclimatization, the broilers were allotted into five equal groups (n=6). Group A was considered as control and was fed commercial ration and fresh drinking water. Groups B and C were fed commercial ration and probiotics (Yogurt, Promax (R)) respectively mixed in water. Groups D and E received commercial ration and antibiotic growth promoters (Ciproflox (R), Renamycin (R)) respectively with water. Body weight of each bird was recorded on day 7, 14, 21, 28 and 35. At the end of trial period, the birds were sacrificed to collect blood in order to prepare serum samples for biochemical analyses considering total cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipids (HDL), creatinine, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST). Results: Body weight in all treatment groups (B, C, D and E) was significantly (P<0.05) higher as compared to control (A) group. Total cholesterol and triglyceride levels significantly (P<0.05) decreased in probiotics treated groups as compared to control and antibiotic growth promoters treated groups. AST and ALT values increased significantly (P<0.05) in antibiotic growth promoters treated groups as compared to control whereas, these values decreased in probiotics treated groups. Creatinine levels were significantly (P<0.05) higher in antibiotic growth promoters treated groups as compared to all others groups. Conclusion: Significantly increased body weight is observed in probiotics and antibiotic growth promoters supplemented broilers. Probiotics also improve the lipid profile and other biochemical parameters as compared to growth promoter. Probiotics (like Yogurt and Promax (R)) seem to be better choice than antibiotic growth promoters as feed supplements.
The effects of probiotic and conventional yoghurt on lipid profile in women; Many studies have been done on the hypocholesterolaemic effect of probiotic yoghurt. The results, however, are not conclusive. The aim of the present study was to test the effect of probiotic and conventional yoghurt on the lipid profile in women. In a randomised trial, ninety female volunteers aged 19-49 years were assigned to three groups. Subjects consumed daily 300g probiotic yoghurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium laths Bb 12 or 300g conventional yoghurt or no yoghurt for 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples, 3d dietary records and anthropometric measurements were collected at baseline (T1), end of week 3 (T2) and end of week 6 (T3). Lipid profile parameters were determined by enzymic methods. Results showed no significant difference in lipid profile within any group throughout the study. Comparing mean differences (T1 - T3) among the three groups showed: no difference in TAG and LDL-cholesterol, a decrease in cholesterol in both conventional (P<0-05) and probiotic yoghurt groups (P<0.005) compared with the control group, a decrease in total:HDL-cholesterol ratio for conventional (P<0.05) and probiotic yoghurt groups (P<0.001) compared with the control group, and an increase in HDL-cholesterol in the probiotic yoghurt group (P<0.05) compared with the control group. Positive changes in lipid profile were observed in both yoghurt groups. Any added effect, therefore, is due to the consumption of fermented milk products.
Ability of dairy fat in inducing metabolic syndrome in rats; Background: The risk of heart diseases, diabetes and stroke is increased with higher metabolic risk factors. Models of diseases resulting from high-calorie diets have a significant role in pathophysiologic analysis of metabolic syndrome in rodents; but, these diets are considerably different from each other in various studies and may not be very similar to the metabolic syndrome model in humans. This study sought to make a model close to the disease in humans. 20 five-week old male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to two groups. For one of the groups, a high-calorie diet with 416 calories per 100 g with dairy-based fat was considered and, for another group, a control diet was given for 12 weeks. Weight changes, lipid profile, glucose values, Blood pressure, insulin and HOMA indices, were measured for both groups and weight changes were compared using repeated measures and independent t test; also, serum results were compared using independent t test. Results: Values of weight, glucose, insulin, lipid profile and blood pressure, except HDL, had a tangible difference between two groups at the end of the study. HOMA-IR, HOMA-B and HOMA-S indicates a significant difference between the two groups after consumption high-energy diet. Conclusion: The present study showed ability of dairy fat in gaining weight, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome and provided the necessity of paying serious attention to the amount of fat intake from dairy sources.
The effect of kefir consumption on the lipid profile for individuals with normal and dyslipidemic properties: a randomized controlled trial; Objective This research was conducted as a prospective, self-controlled, eight-week clinical trial to investigate the effect of kefir consumption on the lipid profile of individuals with normal and dyslipidemic properties. Methods Kefir microorganisms given to volunteer subjects were determined using classical microbial count methods and qReal-Time Polymerase Chain Reaction. The study was carried out with 23 volunteer hospital health personnel between the ages of 20 and 55 who met the research criteria and did not have any health problems. The volunteers regularly consumed kefir on an empty stomach for four weeks. In the last stage, the eight-week study was completed by making blood and anthropometric measurements of the subjects, who continued to be studied without kefir consumption for four more weeks Results Considering the changes in the serum lipid profiles of 13 individuals with dyslipidemic symptoms during the 4-week period they consumed kefir, Total Cholesterol values decreased by 9.15% compared to initial values, LDL-Cholesterol values decreased by 10.64%, HDL-Cholesterol values decreased by 6.9%, and triglyceride values decreased by 2.46%. The changes in the serum lipid profiles of 13 individuals with dyslipidemic findings at the end of an eight-week study were a 5.71% decrease in total cholesterol values (p<0.018) considered statistically significant, as well as a 5.31% decrease in LDL-Cholesterol values (p<0.021); the HDL-Cholesterol results were found to be significant with an 8.58% decrease in the values (p<0.035) and insignificant with a 17.21% increase in the triglyceride values (p<0.926). We concluded that regular kefir consumption was effective in both women and men in lowering total cholesterol and LDL-Cholesterol from blood lipid profiles, especially in individuals with dyslipidemic symptoms, while this effect was not observed in normal individuals. Conclusion Kefir can positively affect the total cholesterol and LDL-Cholesterol blood parameters of dyslipidemic individuals with high serum lipid values.
Effect of cumin (<i>Cuminum cyminum</i>) essential oil supplementation on metabolic profile and serum leptin in pre-diabetic subjects: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial; Some medications and herbal drugs are suggested to ameliorate impaired plasma glucose and its complications in pre-diabetic patients. This study aimed to assess the effect of cumin essential oil supplementation on metabolic markers and serum leptin in pre-diabetic subjects. In a double-blind randomized controlled trial, subjects of intervention group received one cumin soft gel (containing 75 mg of cumin essential oil) per day for 10 weeks, while subjects of control group received one placebo soft gel. Glycemic indices and serum leptin did not significantly improve in intervention group. Except serum total cholesterol, other markers of lipid profile as well as anthropometric indexes improved in intervention group. Subgroup analyses represented that lipid profile and anthropometric indexes were ameliorated in women after intervention, while did not show significant improvement in men. It can be concluded that cumin essential oil can be used as an adjuvant therapy to ameliorate metabolic status in pre-diabetics.
Women in Pakistan have a greater burden of clinical cardiovascular risk factors than men; Aims: Migrant South Asian population in the West, particularly women, is more predisposed to central obesity and metabolic syndromes than native Caucasians. However, the burden of coexistence of clinical risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated gender disparities in native population of South Asia are not known. We analyzed the National Health Survey of Pakistan (NHSP) (1990-1994) data to study the same in the population of Pakistan. Methods: Data from 9442 individuals age 15 years or over from the National Health Survey of Pakistan (NHSP) (1990-1994) was analyzed. The primary outcome was defined as the coexistence of at least two of the following five clinical risk factors for CVD. Hypertension (systolic blood pressure >= 140 mm Hg, or diastolic blood pressure >= 90 mm Hg, or current therapy with antibypertensive medications); diabetes (nonfasting blood glucose >= 140mg/dl (7.8 mmol/1), or known history of diabetes); proteinuria (dipstick urine protein > 1+); hyperlipidemia (random blood cholesterol >= 200 mg/dl (5.17 mmol/1)), and central obesity (waist circumference of >= 80 cm in women and >= 90 cm in men. Results: The overall prevalence (95% confidence intervals) of the coexistence of risk factors for CVD was 17.2% (16.4-18.0%): 13.0% (12.1-14.1%) in men and 20.9% (19.8-22.0%) in women (p < 0.001). Multivariate analysis revealed that men had at significantly lower odds of coexistence of risk factors than women with OR, 95% Cl of 0.53, 0.47-0.61, and this difference increased in magnitude with age (interaction p < 0.001). In addition to Muhajir, Sindhi and Pashtun vs Punjabi ethnicity, factors independently associated with primary outcome were age (OR, 95% CI) (1.06, 1.05-1.06, for each one year increase), urban dwelling vs rural dwelling (1.45, 1.24-1.70), high (1.97, 1.61-2.45) and mid (1.44, 1.23-1.70) vs low socioeconomic status, body mass index (1.17, 1.15-1.18, for each one kg/m(2) increase), and high consumption of meat (1.77, 1.52-2.06) and ghee (1.26, 1.00-1.54). Conclusions: Potentially modifiable factors including obesity and saturated fat intake are associated with increased prevalence of CVD risk factors. The high burden of multiple CVD risk factors in women compared to men highlight the need for targeting this vulnerable segment of population in CVD prevention programs in Pakistan, and, possibly neighbouring countries. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Recombinant bovine somatotropin on heifer's biometric measures, bodyweight, blood metabolites, and dry matter intake predictions; This study aimed to determine the influence of sustained-release recombinant bovine somatotropin (rbST) injections on biometrics measures, bodyweight (BW), average BW gain, observed and predicted DM intake, accuracy of recent methods to estimate DM intake, blood metabolites, haematological profile and rectal temperature in dairy heifers. Thirty Holstein heifers (132 +/- 27 kg BW and 6.2 +/- 0.35 months of age) were used in a complete randomised design experiment. Heifers were assigned to treatments: (1) Control (CON), 250 mL of saline solution, or (2) rbST, 250 mg of sustained-release rbST every 15 days. Treatments were injected in the subcutaneous of ischiorectal fossa or subscapular region in a regular alternating manner (right and left side) every 15 days throughout a period of 90 days. Prediction of DM intake was calculated using either non-linear or linear models for heifers in tropical conditions. rbST injections increased the average values of thoracic perimeter, length, and rump width in heifers. rbST-treated heifers had higher average BW and BW gain than CON. Regardless of the model applied, both observed and predicted DM intake were higher for heifers rbST-treated in relation to CON. Non-linear model was accurate without significant bias. rbST injections elevated blood glucose and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration in heifers. No differences were detected on haematological profile and rectal temperature of heifers. rbST injections every 15 days to growing heifers promoted animal performance by increasing biometrics measures and BW gain. In addition, non-linear model was accurate to predict DM intake of heifers.
Productive, economic and environmental effects of optimised feeding strategies in small-scale dairy farms in the Highlands of Mexico; Since most dairy production in developing countries comes from small farms, there is scope to reduce their contribution to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In the highlands of Mexico, the limitations in these systems are high feeding costs. This paper assessed the production, economics and estimated methane emissions from traditional feeding strategies (TFS) in 22 small-scale dairy farms compared to optimised feeding strategies (OFS) evaluated through on-farm research in eight participating farms in the dry (DS) and rainy (RS) seasons. Results were analysed with a completely randomized design. There were no differences (P>0.05) in milk fat, body condition score (BCS) or live weight between TFS and OFS, but there was higher (P<0.05) milk yield (17.99 vs 14.01 kg/cow/d), energy corrected milk (ECM) (16.77 vs 12.93 kg/cow/d) and milk protein (32.1 vs 30.9 g/kg milk) in OFS than TFS. Profit margin/cow/day was higher (P<0.05) (US$4.42 vs US$2.74) with a lower (P<0.05) feeding cost (US$0.18 vs US$0.22/kg) in OFS than TFS. Environmentally, the calculated enteric CH 4 emission intensities were lower (P<0.05) in OFS (19.8 g CH4/kg milk) than TFS (25.3 g CH4/kg milk). Optimized feeding strategies in small-scale dairy farms increase milk yields, reduce feeding costs, increase incomes, and reduce enteric CH 4 emission per kg of milk.
Effects of a Paleolithic Diet on Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; There is some evidence supporting the beneficial effects of a Paleolithic Diet (PD) on cardiovascular disease risk factors. This diet advises consuming lean meat, fish, vegetables, fruits, and nuts and avoiding intake of grains, dairy products, processed foods, and added sugar and salt. This study was performed to assess the effects of a PD on cardiovascular disease risk factors including anthropometric indexes, lipid profile, blood pressure, and inflammatory markers using data from randomized controlled trials. A comprehensive search was performed in the PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar databases up to August, 2018. A meta-analysis was performed using a random effects model to estimate the pooled effect size. Meta-analysis of 8 eligible studies revealed that a PD significantly reduced body weight [weighted mean difference (WMD) = -2.17 kg; 95% CI: -3.48, -0.87 kg], waist circumference (WMD = -2.90 cm; 95% CI: -4.51, -1.28 cm), body mass index (in kg/m(2)) (WMD = -1.15; 95% CI: -1.68, -0.62), body fat percentage (WMD = -1.38%; 95% CI: -2.08%, -0.67%), systolic (WMD = -4.24 mm Hg; 95% CI: -7.11, -1.38 mm Hg) and diastolic (WMD = -2.95 mm Hg; 95% CI: -4.72, -1.18 mm Hg) blood pressure, and circulating concentrations of total cholesterol (WMD=-0.22 mg/dL; 95% CI: -0.42, -0.03 mg/dL), TGs (WMD=-0.23 mg/dL; 95% CI: -0.46, -0.01 mg/dL), LDL cholesterol (WMD = -0.13 mg/dL; 95% CI: -0.25, -0.01 mg/dL), and C-reactive protein (CRP) (WMD = -0.41 mg/L; 95% CI: -0.81, -0.008 mg/L) and also significantly increased HDL cholesterol (WMD = 0.05 mg/dL; 95% CI: 0.005, 0.10 mg/dL). However, sensitivity analysis revealed that the overall effects of a PD on lipid profile, blood pressure, and circulating CRP concentrations were significantly influenced by removing some studies, hence the results must be interpreted with caution. Although the present meta-analysis revealed that a PD has favorable effects on cardiovascular disease risk factors, the evidence is not conclusive and more well-designed trials are still needed.
Hematological parameters of type 2 diabetic adult patients at Debre Berhan Referral Hospital, Northeast Ethiopia: A comparative cross-sectional study; Background Diabetes is a global public health problem and associated with metabolic, cellular, and blood disturbances. Hematological changes have been reported in diabetes and play a major role in diabetes-associated complications. However, reports are contradicting and data on hematological parameters of type 2 diabetic patients in the study area are scarce. Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the hematological parameters of type 2 diabetic adult patients at Debre Berhan Referral Hospital, Northeast Ethiopia from May 01 to June 30, 2020. Methods A comparative cross-sectional study was conducted on 268 (134 type 2 diabetic patients and 134 controls) study participants selected by systematic random sampling technique. Socio-demographic, behavioral, and clinical data were collected using a structured questionnaire and checklist. Ethical approval was obtained from Jimma University. All phase of quality assurance was maintained. Hematological parameters and blood glucose levels were determined using UniCel DxH 800 (Beckman Coulter, USA) and Biosystems A25 (Costa Brava, Spain) analyzers, respectively. Independent t-test, Mann-Whitney U-test, correlation, and logistic regression were used during data analysis. P-value <0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results The current study found that total white blood cell count, absolute counts of neutrophil, lymphocyte, eosinophil, and basophil, red blood cell distribution width, platelet count, and mean platelet volume were significantly higher in type 2 diabetic patients as compared to the control group (P<0.05). On the other hand, the mean hemoglobin was significantly lower in type 2 diabetic patients than the control group (P = 0.007). Anemia was found in 17.9% of type 2 diabetic patients. Longer duration of diabetes (AOR = 3.05, 95% CI = 1.12-8.34) and milk consumption (AOR = 4.60, 95% CI = 1.50-14.00) were significantly associated with anemia. Conclusion This study showed a statistically significant variation in some hematological parameters of type 2 diabetic patients compared to control group. Anemia among type 2 diabetic patients was found to be a mild public health problem. Therefore, routine screening of hematological parameters should be considered for proper management of type 2 diabetic patients. Close attention should also be given to the duration of diabetes and dietary practice.
Protein supplementation lowers blood pressure in overweight adults: effect of dietary proteins on blood pressure (PROPRES), a randomized trial; Background: Dietary protein intake may help to manage blood pressure (BP) and prevent complications associated with elevated BR Objective: The objective of this study was to determine whether 4 wk of increased protein intake (similar to 25% compared with similar to 15% of energy intake that isoenergetically replaces carbohydrate intake) lowers office and daytime BP compared with increased carbohydrate intake. Design: A randomized, double-blind, parallel study compared consumption of 3 x 20 g protein/d (20% pea, 20% soy, 30% egg, and 30% milk-protein isolate) with 3 x 20 g maltodextrin/d. Protein or maltodextrin were isoenergetically substituted for a sugar-sweetened drink. Primary outcomes were office and daytime BP. A total of 99 men and women [age range: 20-70 y; BMI (in kg/m(2)): 25-35] with untreated elevated BP (BP >= 130/85 and <160/100 mm Hg) were randomly assigned. Ninety-four completers (51 subjects in the maltodextrin group, 43 subjects in the protein group) were included in the analyses. Results: Office systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were 4.9 +/- 1.7 mm Hg (P = 0.005) and 2.7 +/- 1.3 mm Hg (P = 0.05) lower, respectively, in the protein group. Daytime SBP was 4.6 +/- 1.7 mm Hg lower in the protein group (P=0.006), whereas daytime DBP did not differ between groups (P = 0.37). Urinary sodium excretion was higher in the maltodextrin group (P = 0.004). Conclusion: Increased protein intake, at the expense of maltodextrin, lowers BP in overweight adults with upper-range prehypertension and grade 1 hypertension. This trial was registered at www. trialregister.nl as NTR 1362. Am J Clin Nutr 2012;95:966-71.
Nil Whey Protein Effect on Glycemic Control after Intense Mixed-Mode Training in Type 2 Diabetes; Although intense endurance and resistance exercise training and whey protein supplementation have both been shown to independently improve glycemic control, no known studies have examined the effect of high-intensity mixed-mode interval training (MMIT) and whey supplementation in adults with Type 2 diabetes (T2D). Purpose This study aimed to determine if peritraining whey protein supplementation combined with MMIT can improve glycemic control. Methods In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 24 men (55.7 5.6 yr) with T2D performed MMIT with whey (20 g) or placebo control for 10 wk. Glycemic control was assessed via glucose disposal rate during a euglycemic insulin clamp, fasting blood glucose concentration, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Changes in peak oxygen consumption, 1-repetition maximum strength, vastus lateralis muscle, and subcutaneous adipose thicknesses, and waist circumference were also assessed. Results Ten weeks of MMIT substantially improved glucose disposal rate by 27.5% (90% confidence interval, 1.2%-60.7%) and 24.8% (-5.4% to 64.8%) in the whey and control groups, respectively. There were likely and possible reductions in fasting blood glucose by -17.4% (-30.6% to -1.6%) and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance by -14.1% (-25.3% to 1.08%) in the whey group; however, whey effects were not clearly beneficial to glycemic outcomes relative to the control. MMIT also clearly substantially improved 1-repetition maximum by 20.6% (16.3%-24.9%) and 22.7% (18.4%-27.2%), peak oxygen consumption by 22.6% (12.0%-26.2%) and 18.5% (10.5%-27.4%), and vastus lateralis muscle thickness by 18.9% (12.0%-26.2%) and 18.6% (10.5%-27.4%) and possibly reduced waist circumference by -2.1% (-3.1% to -1.0%) and -1.9% (-3.7% to -0.1%) in the control and whey groups, respectively, but the whey-control outcome was trivial or unclear. Conclusions A clinically meaningful enhancement in glycemic control after 10 wk of MMIT was not clearly advanced with peritraining whey protein supplementation in middle-age men with T2D.
Effects of a multi-modal resistance exercise program and calcium-vitamin D<sub>3</sub>fortified milk on blood pressure and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men: secondary analysis of an 18-month factorial design randomised controlled trial; Purpose Physical activity and dietary interventions are recommended as front-line therapy for prevention and management of cardiovascular disease. This study investigated the independent and combined effects of low-fat, calcium-vitamin D(3)fortified milk and multi-modal exercise training on blood pressure (BP) and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men. Methods This was a pre-planned secondary analysis of an 18-month, randomised controlled trial. Community-dwelling men aged 50-79 years (n = 180) were randomised into (i) exercise + fortified milk; (ii) fortified milk; (iii) exercise; or (iv) control. The low-fat milk (400 mL/day) was fortified with 1,000 mg/day calcium and 800 IU/day of vitamin-D-3, whilst the exercise intervention consisted of three sessions/week of resistance- and weight-bearing impact exercises. Resting BP and fasting lipids were assessed at baseline, 6 (lipids only), 12 and 18 months. Results Mean +/- SD serum 25(OH)D and calcium intake for the entire cohort at baseline was 86 +/- 36 nmol/L and 1002 +/- 397 mg/day, respectively, with 10% classified as vitamin-D insufficient and 58% reporting a calcium intake below 1000 mg/day. There were no exercise-by-fortified milk interactions, nor any main-group effects for exercise or milk on BP or lipids at any time. However, there were significant reductions from baseline to 18 months in systolic (mean change, 5-8 mmHg) and diastolic (4-6 mmHg) BP in the exercise, fortified milk and control groups. All results remained largely unchanged after adjusting for use of anti-hypertensive or lipid lowering medication, weight or fat mass, or only including men with hypertension (n = 89) or dyslipidemia (n = 130) at baseline. Conclusion Supplementation with low-fat, calcium + vitamin D(3)fortified milk and a multi-modal exercise program, alone or in combination, was not effective for improving BP or blood lipids in community-dwelling middle-aged and older men.
Raw, extruded and expanded pea (<i>Pisum sativum</i>) in dairy cows diets; The objective of the study was to evaluate the nutritive value of raw, extruded or expanded peas relative to soybean meal in lactating dairy cows feeding. Twenty four Italian Holstein cows (8 primiparous and 16 pluriparous), 604 +/- 109 kg body weight, 34.5 +/- 2.5 kg/d milk yield, were randomly assigned to four dietary treatments in a 4x4 Latin square arrangement with periods Of four weeks and washout period of seven days. Diets were fed ad libitum (5% orts). The bulk of the base diet on a dry matter basis was corn silage (31.2%), alfalfa hay (16.7%), grass hay (4.1%), protein supplement (10.3%), whole cotton seed (8.5%), corn and barley mix (24.9%), soybean meal (3.4%) and calcium soap (0.9%). The pea (2.5 kg/cow/day) partially replaced the soybean meal and totally replaced the barley meal of the base diet. The unprocessed or differently processed pea did not affect the dry matter intake. The extruded pea group had a 3.2% increase (P< 0.05) of the milk yield compared to the control group. When estimated as contrast analysis, the technological treatment (extruded or expanded) on peas did not modify the milk yield and composition. Among pea diets, animal fed the extruded pea had the higher (P< 0.05) milk protein content, although not different than that of the control group. The rumen acetate was reduced (P< 0.05) and the butyrate and valerate were increased (P< 0.05) in animals fed extruded pea compared to the control. No differences were observed among feeding groups on blood parameters except for the cholesterol level higher (P< 0.05) in animals fed the expanded pea diet. There were no effects of diets on milk rennet coagulation characteristics. Results support the partial substitution of soybean meal and the total substitution of barley meal with peas in diets for lactating cows with no negative effects on milk yield and composition.
Differences in the prospective association between individual plasma phospholipid saturated fatty acids and incident type 2 diabetes: the EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study; Background Conflicting evidence exists regarding the association between saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and type 2 diabetes. In this longitudinal case-cohort study, we aimed to investigate the prospective associations between objectively measured individual plasma phospholipid SFAs and incident type 2 diabetes in EPIC-InterAct participants. Methods The EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study includes 12 403 people with incident type 2 diabetes and a representative subcohort of 16 154 individuals who were selected from a cohort of 340 234 European participants with 3 . 99 million person-years of follow-up (the EPIC study). Incident type 2 diabetes was ascertained until Dec 31, 2007, by a review of several sources of evidence. Gas chromatography was used to measure the distribution of fatty acids in plasma phospholipids (mol%); samples from people with type 2 diabetes and subcohort participants were processed in a random order by centre, and laboratory staff were masked to participant characteristics. We estimated country-specific hazard ratios (HRs) for associations per SD of each SFA with incident type 2 diabetes using Prentice-weighted Cox regression, which is weighted for case-cohort sampling, and pooled our findings using random-effects meta-analysis. Findings SFAs accounted for 46% of total plasma phospholipid fatty acids. In adjusted analyses, different individual SFAs were associated with incident type 2 diabetes in opposing directions. Even-chain SFAs that were measured (14: 0 [myristic acid], 16: 0 [palmitic acid], and 18: 0 [stearic acid]) were positively associated with incident type 2 diabetes (HR [95% CI] per SD difference: myristic acid 1.15 [95% CI 1.09-1.22], palmitic acid 1.26 [1.15-1.37], and stearic acid 1.06 [1.00-1.13]). By contrast, measured odd-chain SFAs (15: 0 [pentadecanoic acid] and 17: 0 [heptadecanoic acid]) were inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes (HR [95% CI] per 1 SD difference: 0.79 [0.73-0.85] for pentadecanoic acid and 0.67 [0.63-0.71] for heptadecanoic acid), as were measured longer-chain SFAs (20: 0 [arachidic acid], 22:0 [behenic acid], 23:0 [tricosanoic acid], and 24:0 [lignoceric acid]), with HRs ranging from 0.72 to 0.81 (95% CIs ranging between 0.61 and 0.92). Our findings were robust to a range of sensitivity analyses. Interpretation Different individual plasma phospholipid SFAs were associated with incident type 2 diabetes in opposite directions, which suggests that SFAs are not homogeneous in their effects. Our findings emphasise the importance of the recognition of subtypes of these fatty acids. An improved understanding of differences in sources of individual SFAs from dietary intake versus endogenous metabolism is needed.
Effect of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids from rubber seed kernel on reproductive performance in dairy heifers; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from rubber seed kernel (RSK) on growth performance and reproductive performance in dairy heifers. Twelve healthy and cycling Holstein Friesian dairy heifers were randomly divided into two dietary treatments as control group (TMR without RSK; (mean +/- SD) 31.82 +/- 4.25% PUFAs out of 2.65% total fatty acids) and RSK group (TMR containing RSK at 6.16%; 43.93 +/- 1.26% PUFAs out of 3.55% total fatty acids). TMR in both treatments consisted of roughage to concentrate ratio of 70: 30 and each dietary treatment was formulated to be isonitrogenous and isocaloric. PUFA intake in the RSK group was significantly higher (p<0.01). Results showed that heifers in the RSK group significantly increased total dry matter (DM) intake, crude protein (CP) intake and ether extract (EE) intake, and also body weight (BW) (p<0.01). However, the concentrations of PUFAs in serum were not different between the groups while the concentrations of serum cholesterol were significantly higher in the RSK group (p<0.01). Serum urea nitrogen (SUN) concentrations and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) concentrations in both groups were in optimal range. During the estrous period, estradiol and progesterone concentrations were not different. In addition, progesterone concentrations during estrous cycles were similar between the groups. No difference between the groups was found on estrous behavior and conception rate. In conclusion, the level of RSK in this study can be used as feedstuff in heifer diet with positive effect on feed intake, nutrient and fatty acid intake, without any effect on reproductive performance.
Technological and nutritional aspects of milk chocolate enriched with grape pomace products; The French paradox is the observation of low heart disease death rates despite high intake of cholesterol and saturated fat, possibly related to the consumption of red wine containing polyphenols. Those are also found in pomace and affect health as radical catchers inhibiting cancer, inflammations and arteriosclerosis. European cocoa regulation allows incorporating up to 40% of added foodstuffs into chocolate, so grape pomace can be used. Cocoa itself is known as a very good source of phenolic compounds, and consequently dark chocolate is considered to have similar health benefits as red wine. Milk chocolates contain only little fat-free cocoa dry matter; therefore, grape pomace is considered most beneficial here. Entire pomace or flour from seeds have been tested to evaluate technical aspects as well as the impact on chocolate properties like particle size distribution, flow properties, total phenol content, antioxidative capacity and sensory perception. Initial trials revealed that additional drying and also pre-grinding was necessary before pomace can be used as an ingredient. Various samples were produced by the coarse conching process, which uses a ball mill for size reduction below 30 mu m. A difficulty arises when some tough particles slip through without being properly ground; D99-values can be used to better control this issue. Grape pomace contains almost as many polyphenols as cocoa liquor, so it can serve as a substitute. Its content and thus quality depends on gentle drying. Finally, adding, e.g., just 3.5% was able to significantly increase the polyphenol contents of milk chocolate.
IPP-rich milk protein hydrolysate lowers blood pressure in subjects with stage 1 hypertension, a randomized controlled trial; Background: Milk derived peptides have been identified as potential antihypertensive agents. The primary objective was to investigate the effectiveness of IPP-rich milk protein hydrolysates (MPH) on reducing blood pressure (BP) as well as to investigate safety parameters and tolerability. The secondary objective was to confirm or falsify ACE inhibition as the mechanism underlying BP reductions by measuring plasma renin activity and angiotensin I and II. Methods: We conducted a randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind, crossover study including 70 Caucasian subjects with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension. Study treatments consisted of daily consumption of two capsules MPH1 (each containing 7.5 mg Isoleucine-Proline-Proline; IPP), MPH2 (each containing 6.6 mg Methionine-Alanine-Proline, 2.3 mg Leucine-Proline-Proline, 1.8 mg IPP), or placebo (containing cellulose) for 4 weeks. Results: In subjects with stage 1 hypertension, MPH1 lowered systolic BP by 3.8 mm Hg (P = 0.0080) and diastolic BP by 2.3 mm Hg (P = 0.0065) compared with placebo. In prehypertensive subjects, the differences in BP between MPH1 and placebo were not significant. MPH2 did not change BP significantly compared with placebo in stage I hypertensive or prehypertensive subjects. Intake of MPHs was well tolerated and safe. No treatment differences in hematology, clinical laboratory parameters or adverse effects were observed. No significant differences between MPHs and placebo were found in plasma renin activity, or angiotensin I and II. Conclusions: MPH1, containing IPP and no minerals, exerts clinically relevant BP lowering effects in subjects with stage 1 hypertension. It may be included in lifestyle changes aiming to prevent or reduce high BP.
Body Mass Index, Dietary Habits, and Nutrition Knowledge among Primary School Students; Problem Statement: Today, the increase in technological advances and economic opportunities, which has brought about unbalanced nutrition among children in pre and post adolescence period, has led to an increase in body weight which may cause our children to become obese adults in the future. There is a need for studies to determine children's nutritional state at the adolescence period in Turkey and to suggest solutions. For this reason, the problem of the study is as follows; "What are the dietary habits and level of nutrition knowledge among students in grades 6-7-8 in Burdur province?". Purpose of Study: The study aims to determine the levels of knowledge on nutrition and dietary habits among students in grades 6, 7, and 8 in Burdur province. Methods: In this study, a survey model in cross-sectional nature was employed. The study universe was composed of grades 6, 7, and 8 in the official primary schools during the 2007-2008 academic year in Burdur province. The sample group consisted of 613 students randomly selected from the study universe. The data collection instrument was composed of two sections. The first section was formed to socio-demographic features of students, the second section included 18 items, which aimed to test participants' knowledge and habits about nutrition. Findings and Results: Of all the participants, (43%) students were found to be "underweight", (37.1%) were determined as "normal weight" and (3.1%) were determined as "overweight" according to BMI values. In the comparisons between sexes, no statistically significant difference was found between the BMI values of male and female students. While it was observed that the participants generally had sufficient amount of information on nutritional content of food, they were only found to be confused about the type of nutrition found in milk. The amount of daily water intake among students aged between 11 and 15 is sufficient in 59% of the students; however, 38% of the students do not drink sufficient amount of water. Conclusions and Recommendations: In conclusion, there is a direct relationship between nutrition and academic achievement. The key points of nutrition information should be presented to children. Since it is the mother who arranges the nutritional intake at home, families and class teachers should be facilitated to attend various educational programs to enable them to teach healthy dietary habits.
Effects of Concentrate and Bypass Fat Supplementations on Growth Performance, Blood Profile, and Rearing Cost of Feedlot Buffaloes; Simple Summary Studies have shown that providing concentrate and bypass fat as feed supplements resulted in better performance of large ruminants. However, there is limited information about the effects of these supplements on the performance of buffaloes. This study evaluates the effects of concentrate and bypass fat supplementations on the growth performance, blood metabolites, and feeding cost of Murrah cross and Swamp buffaloes. Following diet supplementation, the feed intake, body weight, and body condition score were significantly improved without any side effects on the blood metabolites of both buffalo breeds. Although the mixture of concentrate and bypass fat supplement (26:4) used in this study was found to increase the cost of feed, overall, it resulted in a greater return. This study investigates the effects of supplementation of the basal diet with concentrate and rumen bypass fat on the dry matter intake (DMI), growth performance, blood metabolites and hormonal changes, and the feeding cost of feedlot water buffaloes. Thirty-six healthy, three- to four-month-old male Murrah crossbred (n = 18) and Swamp (n = 18) buffaloes with a similar average initial body weight of 98.64 +/- 1.93 kg were each randomly allocated into three dietary experimental groups. Buffaloes were fed with Diet A, which consisted of 100% Brachiaria decumbens, Diet B, consisting of 70% Brachiaria decumbens and 30% concentrate, and Diet C, consisting of 70% Brachiaria decumbens, 26% concentrate, and 4% rumen bypass fat for a period of 730 days. Feed intake was measured daily, while blood samples were collected for every eight months. Furthermore, body scores were noted prior to and at the end of the experimental period. The results showed that the average daily gain for buffaloes fed with Diet C was the highest. The DMI, BCS, FI, and FCR for the three groups showed significant (p < 0.05) differences, in the following order: Diet C > Diet B > Diet A. At the end of the two-year feeding trial, buffaloes fed with Diet B had significantly (p < 0.05) higher cholesterol levels than Diet A and Diet C. In addition, buffaloes fed with Diet C had significantly (p < 0.05) higher levels of serum total protein, growth hormone, and insulin-like growth factor-I hormone compared to Diet A and Diet B. On the other hand, buffaloes fed with Diet B and Diet C showed significant (p < 0.05) decrease in glucose levels. Supplemented diet improved the buffalos' weight gain to achieve the market weight in a shorter period of time, thus, giving farmers a greater return. In conclusion, concentrate and bypass fat supplementations in the diet of water buffaloes improved the growth performance without adverse effect on the blood metabolites, which enabled better farmer profitability.
Metabolic and endocrine profiles of primiparous beef cows grazing native grassland. 2. Effects of body condition score at calving, type of suckling restriction and flushing on plasmatic and productive parameters; The objective of the present experiment was to analyse the effect of body condition score (BCS) at calving, type of suckling restriction and flushing on metabolic and endocrine profiles, and productive and reproductive responses of primiparous beef cows grazing native grassland. Primiparous beef (n = 56) cows in anestrus classified by BCS at calving (low <= 3.5 and moderate >= 4; 1-8 visual scale) were assigned randomly to four treatments in a two by two factorial arrangement of type of suckling restriction and flushing. Type of suckling restriction started at 55 +/- 10 days postpartum (DPP +/- s.e.m.; Day 0 = initiation of the treatment) and consisted of applying nose plates to calves for 12 days (i.e. TS treatment) or 5 days of isolation of the cow-calf pair, followed by applying nose plates to calves for 7 days as calves were reunited with their mothers (i.e. IS treatment). Immediately after the suckling restriction treatments were finished, the breeding season started, and each cow received (flushing group) or not (control group) 2 kg/day (fresh basis) of whole-rice middling for 22 days. The BCS was superior in moderate-BCS cows through the experiment. The type of suckling restriction did not affect any plasma parameter, but insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) concentrations increased in all cows during suckling restriction. Cholesterol concentration was affected by flushing x day interaction (P < 0.05), while insulin and IGF-I concentrations were affected by the interaction among BCS at calving, flushing and days (P < 0.03). Flushing increased cholesterol concentration in both BCS groups at calving, while insulin and IGF-I concentrations increased during flushing only in moderate-BCS cows. Suckling restriction, flushing, and BCS at calving did not affect calf weight or milk production. Moderate BCS cows had a shorter postpartum anestrous interval (PPI) (98 vs 123 DPP; P < 0.01). Isolated type of suckling reduced postpartum anestrous interval when compared with TS treatment (97 vs 115 DPP, P < 0.05). Early pregnancy rate was greater in flushed than in control cows (0.8 vs 0.55, P < 0.01) and in moderate-BCS cows than in low-BCS cows (0.84 vs 0.46, P < 0.01). Total pregnancy rate was also greater in flushed and moderate cows and tended to be affected by the interaction between flushing and BCS at calving (P = 0.06; flushed cows: moderate = 1 vs low = 0.5, P < 0.08; and control cows: moderate = 0.8 vs low = 0.4, P < 0.09). These results confirmed the great value of suckling restriction and flushing during post-calving and relevance of BCS at calving as a link between energetic nutrition and metabolic and reproductive processes in primiparous beef cows grazing native grassland.
Importance of the fat content within the cheese-matrix for blood lipid profile, faecal fat excretion, and gut microbiome in growing pigs; Cheese and butter have been shown to affect blood lipids differently. This parallel-arm, randomised, controlled study in 36 crossbred growing sows compared the effect of diets with either regular-fat cheese (REG), reduced-fat cheese + butter (RED) or butter (BUT) on blood lipids, faecal fat and energy excretion and gut microbiome in pigs. A 14-d run-in period was followed by 14-d interventions with macronutrient-matched diets. Fasting total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol after 14 days were higher in REG compared with BUT, but only tended to be higher in RED. Compared with BUT, REG and RED had higher faecal fat excretion. Faecal energy excretion was only higher in REG, and this correlated with a lower microbiome Firmicutes-to-Bacteroidetes ratio. In conclusion, dairy fat consumed as cheese or butter caused different metabolic effects. Differences between reduced-fat cheese+butter and butter were less pronounced than differences between regular-fat cheese and butter, suggesting an impact of the dairy matrix. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A Low-Cost, Intradialytic, Protein-Rich Meal Improves the Nutritional Status in Chinese Hemodialysis Patients; Objective: Short-term administration of oral nutritional supplements can improve the nutritional status of hemodialysis patients. However, such treatment is associated with high cost. The aim of the present trial was to evaluate the benefits of the short-term administration of a low-cost, intradialytic, protein-rich meal on selected parameters of the nutritional status in Chinese patients undergoing hemodialysis. Methods: This was a 6-month single-center, prospective interventional study. Stable hemodialysis patients aged >= 18 years with a concentration of serum albumin <40 g/L were eligible for inclusion in this study. Patients allocated to the intervention group (IG) received nutritional counseling plus a low-cost, intradialytic, protein-rich meal thrice weekly over a period of 3 months, followed by a treatment-free period of 3 months. Patients allocated to the control group (CG) received nutritional counseling alone. Changes in serum albumin and body composition were investigated. Results: At the start of the study, both groups were similar except for the levels of C-reactive protein (P = .034) and hemoglobin (P = .003). At the end of the study period, the level of serum albumin (P = .001) was significantly increased with increased protein intake in the IG (P = .048). However, this difference was not sustained during the follow-up period after termination of therapy. In the IG, the levels of serum albumin were significantly decreased between months 3 and 6 (P < .001), whereas those in the CG remained unchanged. There were no statistically significant differences observed between the two groups in the levels of C-reactive protein and body composition. Conclusion: The short-term administration of a low-cost, intradialytic, protein-rich meal (i.e., 200 mL milk plus two egg whites) resulted in a significant improvement in the levels of serum albumin versus nutritional counseling alone. This inexpensive nutritional intervention was feasible for the treatment of Chinese patients undergoing hemodialysis. (C) 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of the National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
Fortified yogurt with vitamin D as a cost-effective food to prevent diabetes: A randomized double-blind clinical trial; Vitamin D has a role in both insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity, and thus could be important in the pathogenesis of diabetes. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of yogurt fortified with vitamin D and oral vitamin D supplement on glycemic and anthropometric indices in pre-diabetic individuals. This study was conducted on 90 subjects with pre-diabetes in three groups: those given fortified yogurt with vitamin D, those given plain yogurt and those given oral vitamin D supplements. The study variables were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention period. Results from the participants' oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) decreased significantly in only the fortified-yogurt group. The mean fasting serum insulin and the insulin-resistance index (HOMA-IR) in the fortified-yogurt (p < .01) and oral-supplement (p < .03, p < .04) groups decreased significantly. Waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and percentage of body fat (PBF) decreased significantly in the fortified-yogurt (p < .02, p < .006) and oral-supplement (p = .015, p < .001) groups. These findings show that yogurt fortified with vitamin D improves glycemic and anthropometric indices in pre-diabetic individuals.
Hepatoprotective and renoprotective effects of silymarin against salinomycin-induced toxicity in adult rabbits; Background and Aim: Salinomycin sodium, a licensed coccidiostat in rabbits, is used for fattening at a dose of 20-25 mg/kg. Salinomycin toxicity may arise from many risk factors (e.g., overdosage or use in non-target animal species). Silymarin extracted from milk thistle has antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antiviral properties. This study aimed to investigate the adverse impacts of oral administration of salinomycin for 28 consecutive days and how to reduce its risks and side effects by administering silymarin.Materials and Methods: Eighty-four male New Zealand White bucks (1.750-2.000 kg) were randomly divided into seven groups (12 each). Group one was the control. Groups two and three were administered salinomycin orally (doses of 20 and 40 mg/kg ration). Group four was administered salinomycin (20 mg/kg ration) and silymarin (6.5 mg/kg body weight [BW]). Group five received salinomycin (40 mg/kg ration) and silymarin (13 mg/kg BW). Groups six and seven were administered silymarin at doses of 6.5 and 13 mg/kg BW. Rabbits were euthanized and slaughtered on day 29 using the Halal method. Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), creatinine, urea, total proteins, albumin, total cholesterol, and high-and low-density lipoprotein (HDL and LDL) were analyzed in serum. Glutathione (GSH), superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase, and malondialdehyde (MDA) were estimated in the liver. A histopathological investigation was performed on the liver and kidney.Results: The MDA activity, AST, ALT, total protein, albumin, total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL, urea, and creatinine values were significantly elevated in groups two and three. The GSH, catalase, SOD, and HDL were significantly lower in these groups than in the control group. There were moderate pathologic changes in the liver and kidney of the third group . However, the results of the fourth and fifth groups improved more than those of the second and third groups. The results of the sixth and seventh groups were nearly the same as those of the control group.Conclusion: Salinomycin toxicity was caused by oxidative damage because of reactive oxygen species formation. Silymarin (6.5 or 13 mg/kg BW) tends to prevent and treat accidental toxicity. However, the high dose of silymarin (13 mg/kg BW) had more renal and hepatoprotective capacities.
Improvement of constipation and liver function by plant-derived lactic acid bacteria: A double-blind, randomized trial; Objective: Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) contribute to human health; however, the probiotic properties vary among strains classified into the same species The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of yogurts made by different types of LAB on the gastrointestinal system The yogurts were also evaluated by measuring serum lipid contents and liver functional Indicators as a secondary objective Methods: Healthy human adults (n = 68) with some complaints with regard to intestinal health, including constipation and diarrhea, were randomly assigned to receive one of three types of yogurt in a double-blind manner. type A, a yogurt made by plant-derived LAB (mainly Lactobacillus [Lb] plantarum, SN35N), type B. a yogurt made by plant-derived LAB (mainly Lb plantarum SN13T), and type C, a yogurt made by animal-derived LAB (mainly Lactococcus lams L6 and Streptococcus thermophilus 510) as a control. The subjects consumed 100 g of yogurt daily for 6 wk Data were collected from clinical visits at 2-wk intervals and by diaries used to record defecation and health conditions. Results: Drastic and constant increments of defecation frequency in subjects with constipation were observed with type A and B yogurts but not with type C yogurt Type B and C yogurts resulted in decreases in total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol The serum concentrations of liver functional parameters were improved by the type B yogurt (12-25% reduction). Conclusion: The present study suggests that Lb plantarum SN13T exhibits a superior probiotic effect on constipation in addition to improving the scrum lipid contents and liver function (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved.
Palmitic acid-enriched fat supplementation alleviates negative production responses during early lactation of Holstein dairy cows; Effects of rumen-protected fat (RPF) on suppressing the negative performance responses in early lactation period of Holstein dairy cows were investigated. Three hundred multiparous Holstein cows (647 +/- 16 kg bodyweight and 90 days in milk (DIM)) were randomly housed into three free-stall barns (100 cows per barn) and assigned to the treatments for 90 days, as follows: (1) control (CTL) diet without RPF; (2) calcium salt of palm fatty acids (CaFA) 30 g/kg DM, and (3) fractionated fatty acids of palm oil (FFA) 25 g/kg DM. Cows were fed total mixed ration containing 580 g of concentrate and 420 g of roughage per kilogram DM. Cows fed FFA exhibited a higher (P < 0.05) DM intake and body condition score than did those fed CaFA or CTL diets respectively. Moreover, cows fed the FFA diet showed decreased (P < 0.05) changes to bodyweight at 30 DIM and to body condition score at 60 DIM and increased digestibility of ether extract and neutral detergent fibre. Blood concentrations of triglycerides, cholesterol and glucose were higher (P < 0.05) for cows fed FFA diet than for those fed the other diets, between 4 and 30 DIM, whereas concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyric acid and urine ketones were lower for cows fed RPF sources (P < 0.05). Relative to CTL diet, CaFA and FFA diets increased (P < 0.05) milk yield and milk fat content at 4-30 DIM. Feeding FFA improved feed efficiency by 8.9% (P = 0.006), between 31 and 60 DIM, compared with CaFA. Inclusion of a palmitic acid-enriched fat supplement in Holstein cow diet increased milk yield and fat content and mitigated the deleterious effects of metabolic disorders during the early lactation period.
Effect of Camel Milk on Blood Sugar and Lipid Profile of Patients With Type 2 Diabetes: A Pilot Clinical Trial; Background: most of these studies were conducted on patients with type 1 diabetes, whereas studies on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are limited. In vitro experiments have shown that camel milk was able to decrease blood glucose concentration. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to investigate effects of camel and cow milk on blood sugar, lipid profile, and blood pressure of patients with T2DM. Patients and Methods: In a randomized single-blinded controlled clinical trial, 20 patients with T2DM were randomly allocated into two groups. Participants consumed 500 mL of either camel milk (intervention group) or cow milk (control group) daily for two months. Results: Mean of insulin concentration was significantly increased from 64.59 to 84.03 pmol/L in the camel milk group during the study (P < 0.05). No significant differences were shown in fasting blood sugar, lipid profile, and blood pressure between the two groups at the end of study. There was significant increase in homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) during the study in both groups, but no significant difference was seen between the two groups. Conclusions: Camel milk increased insulin level in patients with T2DM and might contribute to glycemic control in T2DM.
Effects of physical forms of starter and milk allowance on growth performance, ruminal fermentation, and blood metabolites of Holstein dairy calves; A 2 x 2 factorial study was conducted to evaluate the effects of milk allowance and physical forms of starter on growth performance, ruminal fermentation, and blood metabolites of Holstein dairy calves. A total of 48 calves [40.4 +/- 1.55 kg of body weight (BW), n = 12 per treatment: 6 males and 6 females] were randomly assigned to 1 of the 4 treatments: (1) calves fed low milk allowance and finely ground (FG) starter feed [low-FG; 1.47 +/- 2.12-mm geometric mean particle size (GMLP)], (2) calves fed low milk allowance and textured (TS) starter feed [low-TS, includes steam-flaked grains (corn and barley) with a pelleted supplement, GMLP 4.15 +/- 1.77 mm], (3) calves fed high milk allowance and FG starter feed (high-FG); and (4) calves fed high milk allowance and TS starter feed (high-TS). The starter diets were blended with 7% of chopped alfalfa hay as a proportion of diet dry matter (DM). No milk refusal was observed in any treatments, and calves on both treatments were weaned from milk by wk 8 of the study using a gradual weaning procedure. We observed no interaction between milk allowance and physical forms of starter on feed intake, average daily gain, feed efficiency, BW, and structural growth. Calves fed high milk allowance had lower starter feed intake but greater feed efficiency and overall BW compared with those fed low allowance. Total DM intake and average daily gain were not different among treatments. Regardless of the physical form of starter feed, hip height, heart girth, the molar proportion of ruminal acetate, acetate to propionate ratio, plasma cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein were greater, but ruminal total volatile fatty acids, the molar proportion of propionate, and plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate were lower in calves fed high milk allowance compared with those fed low allowance. Regardless of the milk allowance, calves fed the FG starter feeds had greater blood urea nitrogen concentrations compared with calves fed the TS starter diets. In conclusion, both forms of the starter feeds can be used when calves are fed high milk allowance with no negative effect on their performance.
Faecal short chain fatty acids in healthy subjects participating in a randomised controlled trial examining a soluble highly viscous polysaccharide versus control; How to cite this article ?Reimer R.A., Pelletier X., Carabin I.G., Lyon M.R., Gahler R.J. & Wood S. (2012) Faecal short chain fatty acids in healthy subjects participating in a randomised controlled trial examining a soluble highly viscous polysaccharide versus control. J Hum Nutr Diet. 25, 373377 Abstract Background: Short chain fatty acids (SCFA) are produced by the bacterial fermentation of dietary fibre and have been linked with intestinal health. The present study examined faecal SCFA concentrations in subjects consuming a novel soluble highly viscous polysaccharide (HVP) or control for 3 weeks. A total of 54 healthy adults participated in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Methods: Subjects were randomised to consume HVP or control (skim milk powder). A dose of 5 g day-1 was consumed in the first week, followed by 10 g day-1 in the second and third weeks (n = 27 per group). The primary outcome was SCFA concentrations in faecal samples collected at baseline (visit 1, V1), at 1 week (V2) and at 3 week (V3). Results: The reduction in faecal acetate from V1 to V3 in control subjects was not observed in subjects consuming HVP. There were no differences in propionate, butyrate, valerate or caproate concentrations. There was a significant treatment effect (P = 0.03) for total SCFA, with higher concentrations observed in subjects consuming HVP versus control. Conclusions: HVP is a viscous functional fibre that may influence gut microbial fermentation. Further work is warranted to examine the fermentative properties of HVP and possible links with appetite regulation and reduced serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations.
Effect of different forms of dietary hydrogenated fats on LDL particle size; Background: Dietary trans fatty acids (FAs), which are formed during the process of hydrogenating vegetable oil, are known to increase plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations. However, their effect on LDL particle size has yet to be investigated. Objective: We investigated the effect of trans FA consumption on the electrophoretic characteristics of LDL particles. Design: Eighteen women and 18 men each consumed 5 experimental diets in random order for 35-d periods. Fat represented 30% of total energy intake in each diet, with two-thirds of the fat in the form of semiliquid margarine (0.6 g trans FAs/100 g fat), soft margarine (9.4 g trans FAs/100 g fat), shortening (13.6 g trans FAs/100 g fat), stick margarine (26.1 g trans FAs/100 g fat), or butter, which was low in trans FAs (16 g trans FAs/100 g fat) but rich in saturated fat. LDL particle size and distribution were characterized by nondenaturing, 2-16% polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis. Results: Relative to the LDL particle size observed after consumption of the butter-enriched diet, LDL particle size decreased significantly and in a dose-dependent fashion with increasing amounts of dietary trans FAs (P < 0.001). Cholesterol concentrations in large (> 260 Angstrom) and medium-sized (255-260 Angstrom) LDL particles also increased proportionately to the amount of trans FAs in the diet. Conclusion: Consumption of dietary trans FAs is associated with a deleterious increase in small, dense LDL, which further reinforces the importance of promoting diets low in trans FAs to favorably affect the lipoprotein profile.
Effects of various fat delivery methods in starter diet on growth performance, nutrients digestibility and blood metabolites of Holstein dairy calves; The effects of different fat inclusion methods in starter feed on performance, growth, health indices, digestibility, and blood metabolites were evaluated in Holstein dairy calves. Forty-four 3-day-old Holstein dairy calves (averaging 39 kg BW) were allocated to treatments in a completely randomized block design (11 calves per treatment; 6 females and 5 males) as follows: (1) no fat or oil supplementation to starter feed (CTR); (2) dietary starter mixed with soy oil (DMSO); (3) fat included in the form of extruded soybean seed (ESBS); and (4) fat included in the form of roasted soybean seed (RSBS). The experimental starter diets were maintained with iso-energetic, isonitrogenous, and ruminal iso-degradable proteins. Dietary fat content was constant in fat supplemented treatments. All calves were weaned on d 59 of age and maintained in the study until d 73 for final data records. There was no difference in starter intake among experimental treatments until d 47; however, it was reduced in the transition period as well as in the post-weaning period in fat supplemented diets compared with the CTR treatment. No changes were found for BW among treatments in either the pre- or post-weaning period. Feed efficiency was relatively constant among treatments. Regardless of the dietary fat inclusion method, wither height was lower in all calves fed a diet supplemented with fat compared with the CTR treatment (p = 0.04). The fat-supplemented calves tended to have higher fecal score than the un-supplemented ones (p = 0.08) and showed lower fecal consistency in these treatments. Blood albumin was greatest (p = 0.04) and blood cholesterol was lowest (p = 0.05) in the CTR treatment compared to the supplemented treatments. No differences were observed for other blood metabolites, liver enzymes, or insulin concentrations among treatments. Under the conditions of this experiment, it could be concluded that fat supplementation in the form of processed oilseeds rather than direct mixing of oil with the starter diet resulted in better fecal scores and fiber digestibility in dairy calves; however, fat inclusion per se is not advisable in the starter diet of dairy calves.
Soya protein does not affect glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes; Evidence from observational, animal and human studies supports a role for soya protein and its isoflavones in the improvement of glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes. The objective of the present study was to determine the effect of isoflavone-rich soya protein on markers of glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. Using a randomised, crossover, double-blind, placebo-controlled design, adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes (n 29) consumed soya protein isolate (SPI) and milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57d each separated by a 4-week washout. Blood was collected on days 1 and 57 of each treatment period for analysis of fasting HbA1C, and fasting and postprandial glucose, insulin and calculated indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. Urine samples of 24h were collected at the end of each treatment period for analysis of isoflavones. Urinary isoflavone excretion was significantly greater following consumption of SPI compared with MPI, and 20.7% of the subjects (n 6) were classified as equol excretors. SPI consumption did not significantly affect fasting or postprandial glucose or insulin, fasting MAW, or indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. These data do not support a role for soya protein in the improvement of glycaemic control in adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes and contribute to a limited literature of human studies on the effects of soya protein on the management of type 2 diabetes.
Soy Protein Effects on Serum Lipoproteins: A Quality Assessment and Meta-Analysis of Randomized, Controlled Studies; Objectives: Many randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have assessed the effects of soy protein on serum lipoprotein risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD). This review and meta-analysis assessed the quality of these RCTs and estimated the effects of soy protein consumption on serum lipoproteins. Data Sources: A comprehensive search using multiple databases was conducted for the years 1996 through 2008 to identify clinical trials related to soy protein intake and serum lipoprotein changes. Study Eligibility: RCTs were assessed that met these requirements: soy protein intake compared with nonsoy protein, provided information on serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol values, provided no more than 65 g of soy protein daily, and obtained LDL-cholesterol measurements between 4 and 18 weeks of treatment. Randomized parallel and crossover studies were evaluated. Methods: Studies were graded for quality using 12 criteria with a possible maximum grade of 24. Net changes in lipoproteins with soy protein consumption compared with nonsoy control diets were analyzed by meta-analyses and funnel plots. Confidence intervals were constructed using inverse weighting. Analyses compared parallel to crossover studies and studies with lower and higher grades. Results: Analyses included 20 parallel-design studies and 23 crossover studies. Parallel studies scored significantly higher (p < 0.001) in study quality, with a mean grade of 15.8 (95% confidence interval [CI], 14.3 to 17.3) compared with 10.1 (95% CI, 8.2 to 11.9) for crossover trials. Soy protein intake was associated with net changes in serum LDL-cholesterol values of -0.23 mmol/l (95% CI, -0.28 to -0.18 mmol/l) or a 5.5% reduction in parallel studies and -0.16 mmol/l (95% CI, -0.22 to -0.11 mmol/l) or a reduction of 4.2% with crossover studies (p < 0.001 for parallel vs crossover). In parallel studies, net serum HDL-cholesterol values were 3.2% higher (p < 0.007) with soy vs control, and fasting serum triacylglycerol values were 10.7% lower (p < 0.008) for soy vs control. Conclusions and Implications: Soy protein consumption with a median of 30 g/d was associated with a significant improvement in lipoprotein risk factors for CHD. Compared with crossover RCTs, parallel RCTs had significantly higher quality grades and were associated with significantly greater improvements in serum LDL-cholesterol values. Regular consumption of 1 to 2 servings of soy protein daily (15 to 30 g) has a significant favorable impact on serum lipoprotein risk factors for CHD.
Camel Milk Has Beneficial Effects on Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review; Context: Controlling diabetes, a worldwide metabolic disease, by effective alternative treatments is currently a topic of great interest. Camel milk is believed to be a suitable hypoglycemic agent in experimental animals and patients with diabetes. The current systematic review aimed at evaluating the effect of camel milk on diabetes. Evidence Acquisition: A comprehensive search was dine in PubMed and Scopus for all clinical trials and animal studies documented up to 2015, which focused on the effect of camel milk on diabetes markers. Studies which assessed the effects of camel milk, with no dose limit, on glucose parameters and lipid profiles in animals or humans with diabetes, were included. The quality of the included clinical trials was evaluated by the Delphi score checklist. Results: The initial search yielded 73 articles. After screening abstracts and full texts, 22 articles were included consisting of 11 animal studies and 11 clinical trials, 8 of which focused on type 1 diabetes and the other three on type 2 diabetes. All animal studies except for 1 showed significant reductions in at least 1 of the diabetes parameters such as blood glucose, insulin resistance, glycated hemoglobin, and lipid profile. In most of the clinical trials, the recommended dose of camel milk was 500 mL/day, which led to improvement of diabetes markers even after 3 months in patients with diabetes. Conclusions: Most of the studies in the current systematic review demonstrated the favorable effects of camel milk on diabetes mellitus by reducing blood sugar, decreasing insulin resistance and improving lipid profiles.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on oral glucose tolerance in individuals with low vitamin D status and increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes (EVIDENCE): A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Aims: Low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin-D (25(OH)D) concentrations are associated with insulin resistance, beta-cell dysfunction and type 2 diabetes. We conducted a 24-week double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to examine the effect of 28 000 IU of vitamin D-3 once weekly on plasma glucose after a 2 hour-75 g oral glucose tolerance test (2hrPC glucose), insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function. Study Design and Methods: A total of 71 participants with serum 25(OH) D <= 65 nmol/L, impaired fasting glucose and elevated glycated hemoglobin were randomly assigned to receive 28 000 IU of vitamin D-3 (VitD; n = 35) or placebo (n = 36) in cheese once weekly for 24 weeks. The primary outcome was the change in 2hPC glucose. Secondary outcomes were fasting glucose, fasting and postprandial insulin, indices of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function, glycated hemoglobin and lipid profile. Participants underwent an oral glucose tolerance test to determine 2hPC glucose. Results: Mean baseline serum 25(OH) D was 48.1 and 47.6 nmol/L in the VitD and placebo groups, respectively. Serum 25(OH) D significantly increased to 98.7 nmol/L (51 nmol/L increase; P <.0001) in the VitD group. No significant differences in fasting (P =.42) or 2hPC glucose (P =.55) or other indices of glucose metabolism, including beta-cell function and insulin sensitivity, were observed between groups. A subgroup analysis of individuals with 25(OH) D < 50 nmol/L and prediabetes did not change these results. The VitD group exhibited a significant reduction in LDL cholesterol (-0.27 vs 0.01 mmol/L, P =.03). Conclusion: Weekly doses of vitamin D-3 in individuals with suboptimal vitamin D levels who were at risk for type 2 diabetes did not improve oral glucose tolerance or markers of glycaemic status.
Calf foetal and early life nutrition on grazing conditions: metabolic and endocrine profiles and body composition during the growing phase; The aim of this study was to determine the effect of nutrition during foetal and lactation periods on calf growth and body composition, and their association with changes in metabolic and endocrine profiles during the calf first year of life on purebred (Hereford and Angus) and cross-bred (F1) dam offspring. Forty cross-bred calves and their dams (purebred - PU: Hereford and Angus, and cross-bred - CR: F1) were used in a randomized block design with a factorial arrangement of herbage allowance of native pastures (high: Hi-HA and low: Lo-HA), 4 vs. 2.5kg dry matter/kg body weight (BW) and dam genotype (PU vs. CR). Calf BW and blood samples were collected monthly from birth to 380 +/- 15days of age, and body composition was estimated by the urea dilution technique at weaning (142 +/- 15days) and 380days. Calf birthweight did not differ among groups but from birth to 380days, and BW was reduced (p=0.046) in Lo-PU offspring. Although Lo-CR calves achieved similar BW than Hi-PU and Hi-CR offspring, they showed an increased fat in detriment of lean tissue deposition. At birth, plasma total protein was less (p=0.04), while plasma glucose, insulin or IGF-I tended or were greater (p<0.072) in Hi-HA than Lo-HA calves. Greater (p<0.03) plasma total protein and/or glucose concentrations during the first months of lactation were observed in CR offspring associated with the greater dam milk production. Although glucose concentrations did not differ among calf groups after weaning, plasma insulin was greater (p=0.004) in Hi-PU than other groups at 380days. Consistent with the reduced BW, Lo-PU offspring presented the lowest (p=0.026) plasma IGF-I from birth to 380days. Herbage allowance of native grasslands during calf foetal and lactation periods interacted with maternal heterosis to affect, in the short and/or long term, calf BW or body composition, and metabolic and endocrine profiles.
Effects of dietary supplementation with ghee, hydrogenated oil, or olive oil on lipid profile and fatty streak formation in rabbits; BACKGROUND: Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of mortality worldwide. A high-fat diet, rich in saturated fatty acids and low in polyunsaturated fatty acids, is said to be an important cause of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: In this experimental study, 40 male rabbits were randomly assigned to eight groups of five to receive normal diet, hypercholesterolemic diet, normal diet plus ghee, normal diet plus olive oil, normal diet plus hydrogenated oil, hypercholesterolemic diet plus ghee, hypercholesterolemic diet plus olive oil, and hypercholesterolemic diet plus hydrogenated oil. They received rabbit chow for a period of 12 weeks. At the start and end of the study, fasting blood samples were taken from all animals to measure biochemical factors including total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglyceride (TG), fasting blood sugar (FBS), and C-reactive protein (CRP). Moreover, aorta, left and right coronary arteries were dissected at the end of the study to investigate fatty streak formation (FSF). Data was analyzed in SPSS at a significance level of 0.05. RESULTS: In rabbits under normal diet, ghee significantly increased TC, LDL, and HDL compared to the beginning (P < 0.01) and also to the other two types of fat (P < 0.05). Moreover, normal diet plus olive oil significantly enhanced FSF in left coronary arteries and aorta compared to normal diet plus ghee. In groups receiving hypercholesterolemic diets, ghee significantly increased HDL and CRP (P < 0.05) and significantly decreased FBS (P < 0.01). The hypecholesterolemic diet plus olive oil significantly increased HDL (P < 0.01). Supplementation of hypecholesterolemic diet with ghee significantly increased HDL and FBS in comparison with hydrogenated oil. Significant increase of FBS was also detected with the use of ghee compared to olive oil. Ghee also significantly reduced FSF in left and right coronary arteries compared to olive oil. FSF in left coronary arteries was significantly lower in the hypecholesterolemic diet plus ghee group compared to the hypecholesterolemic diet plus hydrogenated oil group. CONCLUSION: According to the achieved results, future clinical trial studies and investigation of other risk factors such as inflammatory factors are required.
Probiotic yogurt improves antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients; Objective: Oxidative stress plays a major role in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetes. Among various functional foods with an antioxidant effect, probiotic foods have been reported to repress oxidative stress. The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic and conventional yogurt on blood glucose and antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: Sixty-four patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, 30 to 60 y old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 and those in the control group consumed 300 g/d of conventional yogurt for 6 wk. Fasting blood samples, 24-h dietary recalls, and anthropometric measurements were collected at the baseline and at the end of the trial. Results: Probiotic yogurt significantly decreased fasting blood glucose (P < 0.01) and hemoglobin A1c (P < 0.05) and increased erythrocyte superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities and total antioxidant status (P < 0.05) compared with the control group. In addition, the serum malondialdehyde concentration significantly decreased compared with the baseline value in both groups (P < 0.05). No significant changes from baseline were shown in insulin concentration and erythrocyte catalase activity within either group (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The consumption of probiotic yogurt improved fasting blood glucose and antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients. These results suggest that probiotic yogurt is a promising agent for diabetes management. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of rumen-protected leucine on production performance and starch digestion in the small intestine of lactating goats; This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of rumen-protected leucine (RP-Leu) on production performance and starch digestion in the small intestine of lactating goats. Thirty lactating goats (body weight: 43.07 +/- 5.06 kg; first parity, day in milk: 135 +/- 15 days; milk yield: 2.06 +/- 0.44 kg/d) were randomly assigned into one of the following dietary treatments: (1) CON: basal diet and (2) RPL: basal diet + 10.6 g/d RP-Leu. The experiment lasted 65 days, 15 days for adaption, 45 days for treatment, and 5 days for measurement. Goats fed the diet supplemented with RP-Leu had higher (P < 0.05) average daily gain than those fed the CON diet, but no significant difference (P > 0.05) was observed in milk yield and milk composition. The addition of RP-Leu did not affect dry matter intake, apparent total tract digestibility of starch, and rumen fermentation parameters in lactating goats (P > 0.05). The feces of goats fed the diet supplemented with RP-Leu had reduced molar proportion of butyrate and increased pH and molar proportion of acetate compared with that of goats fed the basal diet (P < 0.05). Dietary supplementation of RP-Leu increased the relative abundance of Christensenellaceae, Christensenellaceae_R-7, Ruminococcaceae, and Ruminococcus in feces, while reducing the relative abundance of Lachnospiraceae and Anaerostipes (P < 0.05). Serum low-density lipoprotein and free leucine were greater (P < 0.05) for goats fed the RPL diet than those of goats fed the CON diet. In addition, the concentrations of total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein in goats fed the RPL diet tended to be higher (0.05 <= P < 0.10) than those of goats fed the CON diet. In conclusion, dietary supplementation of RP-Leu probably improved starch digestibility in the small intestine of lactating goats showing as reduced hindgut starch fermentation and unchanged starch intake, apparent total tract digestibility of starch and rumen fermentation parameters.
Probiotics and synbiotics supplementation improve glycemic control parameters in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Probiotics and synbiotics have been proposed to exhibit an important role in glucose homeostasis and maintain the balance of the gut microbiota. However, clinical trials have shown mixed findings. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of all eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the effects of probiotics and synbiotics intake on glycemic outcomes among individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library were searched up to March 2022 for published RCTs exploring the effectiveness of probiotics and synbiotics compared to control on glycemic outcomes. The random-effects model was applied in order to the estimation of 95 % confidence interval (CI) and the weighted mean difference (WMD) for each endpoint. Meta-analysis of forty-six RCTs (3067 participants) showed that probiotics and synbiotics supplementation significantly reduced fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (weighted mean difference (WMD): -11.18 mg/dl, 95 % CI: -13.60, -8.75, p<0.001), fasting insulin serum level (WMD: -1.23 mu IU/ml, 95 % CI: -1.76, -0.71, p<0.001), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (WMD: -0.35 %, 95 % CI: -0.44, -0.26, p<0.001), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: -0.87, 95 % CI: -1.09, -0.65, p<0.001). Additionally, probiotics and synbiotics intake resulted in an increase in values of quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (WMD: 0.01, 95 % CI: 0.00, 0.01, p<0.001). However, probiotics and synbiotics consumption did not change glucose values following oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Our findings suggest that probiotic and synbiotic intake has favorable effects on glycemic profile in patients with prediabetes and T2DM.
The effects of acute lipopolysaccharide challenge on dairy goat liver metabolism assessed with <SUP>1</SUP>HNMR metabonomics; We investigated the mechanisms mediating hepatic metabolic responses to an acute lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge in goats. Guanzhong dairy goats (15) were randomly divided into three groups: control (CTL, saline, 0.2 ml/kg BW), lower dose LPS (LPS-L, 20 mu g/kg BW) and higher dose LPS (LPS-H, 40 mu g/kg BW). All injections were administered intraperitoneally twice with a 24-h interval. Forty-eight hours after the first injection, blood samples were collected to extract plasma for biochemical analysis, and liver tissues were biopsied and stored in liquid nitrogen for metabonomics analysis. We found that plasma levels of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase and total bilirubin increased (p < 0.05) in both LPS-treated groups, whereas plasma triglyceride, cholesterol, very low-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, total protein and albumin levels markedly decreased (p < 0.05). The increased activities of alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST), levels of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6 and IL-8 indicated hepatic injury and metabolic dysfunction in some degree. Using proton nuclear magnetic resonance (H-1-NMR) metabonomics and the Chenomx NMR suite database, 69 metabolites were detected and identified. Metabolic differences among the groups were determined with pattern recognition analyses using principal component analysis and supervised projection to latent structures discriminant analysis. Pattern recognition analysis distinguished and clustered the metabolite variables from the three groups, finding nine of 69 metabolites that differed significantly between two of the three groups: six from the LPS-L or LPS-H groups differed from CTL and three differed between LPS-L and LPS-H groups. These altered metabolites were closely connected with glucose, lipid and amino acid metabolic pathways in hepatocytes. Based on an analysis of these metabolites and their relevant pathways, the mechanisms and degree of hepatic injury were deduced. Therefore, the metabolic profile was used effectively to detect characteristic hepatic metabolites, discriminate metabolic changes induced by LPS, clarify the mechanisms for the resulting metabolic dysfunctions and provide efficient information to diagnose liver injury.
Short-term effects of trans fatty acids from ruminant and industrial sources on surrogate markers of cardiovascular risk in healthy men and women: A randomized, controlled, double-blind trial; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine short-term effects of trans fatty acid (TFA) intake from ruminant and industrial sources on surrogate markers of cardiovascular risk in the context of a balanced diet with 30-36% of daily energy from fat. Design: Prospective, randomized, double-blind, parallel-design study. Methods: In this study, 142 healthy volunteers aged 45 to 69 years were randomly allocated to three different diets: either a diet enriched with 2% of daily energy intake from ruminant TFA (rTFA) or with industrial TFA (iTFA), or a diet without TFA (wTFA), for a duration of four weeks. The primary outcome parameter was endothelial function measured by brachial artery flow mediated dilation (FMD). Secondary outcome parameters included biomarkers for inflammation, coagulation and endothelial function and lipid profiles. One hundred and twenty-nine participants completed the study. Results: Neither alpine butter with TFA from ruminant source nor margarine with industrially produced TFA showed significant effects on brachial artery FMD (FMD% differences: rTFA vs. iTFA 0.04 (95% confidence interval 0.91 to 0.98), rTFA vs. wTFA -0.98 (-2.00 to 0.04) and iTFA vs. wTFA -1.04 (-2.38 to 0.30). With rTFA, there was a small but significant increase of total cholesterol: rTFA over wTFA 1.04 (1.00 to 1.07 mmol/l) and LDL-cholesterol: rTFA over wTFA 1.08 (1.03 to 1.14 mmol/l) without concomitant increase of biomarkers for inflammation or coagulation. Conclusions: Short-term intake of TFA at 2% of total daily energy intake from neither ruminant nor industrially produced sources does not have any negative impact on brachial artery FMD, inflammation and coagulation markers in healthy subjects.
Common Variants in Cholesterol Synthesis- and Transport-Related Genes Associate with Circulating Cholesterol Responses to Intakes of Conventional Dairy Products in Healthy Individuals; Background: Dairy intake has been associated with varying impacts on circulating cholesterol concentrations across nutritional epidemiology and intervention studies, with findings attributed mainly to differences in the nature of dairy products consumed or study designs. The contribution of the genomic architecture to such observations has yet to be revealed. Objective: We assessed the impact of multiple common genetic variations in cholesterol-related genes on responses of serum cholesterol to the recommended amount of dairy product intake in Canada. Methods: In a multicenter, randomized crossover design, 101 normolipidemic adults (n = 29 men and 72 women), with a mean +/- SD age of 41.7 +/- 16.7 y and a body mass index (BMI, in kg/m(2)) of 25.9 +/- 4.3 consumed 3 servings/d of dairy [375 mL 1% milk-fat (MF) milk, 175 g 1.5% MF yogurt, and 30 g of 34% MF cheese] or energy-matched control products (juice, cashews, and cookies) provided within a prudent background diet for 4 wk each, separated by a 4- to 8-wk washout period. Serum lipid variables were determined by standard enzymatic methods by using an autoanalyzer. Candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms were assessed by TaqMan genotyping assay. Results: The responsiveness of serum total cholesterol (TC) and LDL cholesterol to the dairy compared with the control diet was associated with individuals' genotypes. The cholesterol transport gene ATP-binding cassette subfamily G, member 5 (ABCG5) rs6720173-GG homozygotes had higher concentrations of TC (+0.18 mmol/L; P = 0.0118) and LDL cholesterol (+0.17 mmol/L; P = 0.0056) relative to C-allele carriers (-0.07 and -0.06 mmol/L, respectively). The bile acid synthesis gene cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1) rs3808607-G-allele carriers had higher TC (+0.20 to +0.28 mmol/L; P = 0.0026) and LDL cholesterol (+0.19 mmol/L for GT genotype; P = 0.0260) relative to TT homozygotes (-0.11 and -0.03 mmol/L, respectively). In addition, the cholesterol synthesis gene 7-dehydrocholesterol reductase (DHCR7) rs760241-A-allele carriers had higher LDL cholesterol (+0.26 mmol/L; P = 0.0399) relative to GG homozygotes (+0.06 mmol/L). Conclusion: Genetic variations in ABCG5, CYP7A1, and DHCR7 may contribute to differing responses of serum cholesterol to dairy intake among healthy adults.
Clinical and metabolic response to probiotic supplementation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: This study was performed to determine the effects of probiotic supplementation on clinical and metabolic status of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Methods: Sixty patients with RA aged 25-70 years were assigned into two groups to receive either probiotic capsules (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. The patients in the probiotic group received a daily capsule that contained three viable and freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 x 10(9) colony-forming units [CFU]/g), Lactobacillus casei (2 x 10(9) CFU/g) and Bifidobacterium bifidum (2 x 10(9) CFU/g) for 8 weeks. The placebo group took capsules filled with cellulose for the same time period. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning and the end of the study to quantify related markers. Results: After 8 weeks of intervention, compared with the placebo, probiotic supplementation resulted in improved Disease Activity Score of 28 joints (DAS-28) (-0.3 +/- 0.4 vs. -0.1 +/- 0.4, P = 0.01). In addition, a significant decrease in serum insulin levels (-2.0 +/- 4.3 vs. +0.5 +/- 4.9 mu IU/mL, P = 0.03), homeostatic model assessment-B cell function (HOMA-B) (-7.5 +/- 18.0 vs. +4.3 +/- 25.0, P = 0.03) and serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) concentrations (-6.66 +/- 2.56 vs. +3.07 +/- 5.53 mg/L, P < 0.001) following the supplementation of probiotics compared with the placebo. Subjects who received probiotic capsules experienced borderline statistically significant improvement in total- (P = 0.09) and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels (P = 0.07) compared with the placebo. Conclusion: Overall, the results of this study indicated that taking probiotic supplements for 8 weeks among patients with RA had beneficial effects on DAS-28, insulin levels, HOMA-B and hs-CRP levels.
Intake of fish oil, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins B-6 and E for 1 year decreases plasma C-reactive protein and reduces coronary heart disease risk factors in male patients in a cardiac rehabilitation program; Certain nutrients have been shown to be effective in preventing coronary heart disease. We hypothesized that a daily intake of low amounts of a number of these nutrients would exert beneficial effects on risk factors and clinical variables in patients that suffered from myocardial infarction (MI) and were following a cardiac rehabilitation program. Forty male MI patients were randomly allocated into 2 groups. The supplemented group consumed 500 mL/d of a fortified dairy product containing eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins A, B-6, D, and E. The control group consumed 500 mL/d of semi-skimmed milk with added vitamins A and D. The patients received supervised exercise training, lifestyle and dietary recommendations, and they were instructed to consume the products in addition to their regular diet. Blood extractions and clinical examinations were performed after 0, 3, 6, 9, and 12 me. Plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, folic acid, vitamin B-6, and vitamin E increased after supplementation (P < 0.05). Plasma total and LDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations decreased in the supplemented group (P < 0.05), and plasma total homocysteine decreased in both groups. There were no changes in heart rate, blood pressure, or cardiac electrocardiographic parameters in either group. Therapeutic lifestyle changes, effected through a CR program comprising regular exercise and the intake of a combination of dietary nutrients, reduced a variety of risk factors in MI patients, which supports the rationale for nutritional programs in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease.
Influence of sugarcane bagasse on <i>in vitro</i> degradability, rumen characteristics, nutrients digestibility, blood parameters and milk production of lactating buffaloes; This study aimed to evaluate the use of sugarcane bagasse (SCB) as exclusive roughage in lactating buffaloes on digestibility, milk production and composition, and microbial protein. In vitro dry matter digestion (IVDMD) and organic matter digestion (IVOMD) for SCB as a replacement for barley straw (BS) of the control ration have been determined. In vivo experiment, 55 lactating buffaloes were randomly assigned into five groups. First group was fed the control ration (60% concentrate feed mixture (CFM) and 40% BS), second group was fed 60% CFM and 30% BS + 10% SCB, third group was fed 60% CFM and 20% BS + 20% SCB, fourth group was fed 60% CFM and 10% BS + 30% SCB and fifth group was fed 60% CFM and 40% SCB. Results indicated that IVDMD% and IVOMD% degradability were increased with the inclusion SCB in rations compared with the control. Full replacement of BS by SCB 40% significantly (p < 0.05) increased nutrients digestibility coefficient with improving ruminal basic parameters. Buffaloes fed SCB40 had higher milk component yields, 4% fat corrected milk and plasma proteins, and lower plasma creatinine and cholesterol than control buffaloes (p < 0.05). Finally, the inclusion of SCB up to 40% in lactating buffaloes rations favorably affected rumen fermentation characteristics (in vitro) and improved nutrients digestibility and milk production (in vivo).
Gestational changes in iodine status in a cohort study of pregnant women from the United Kingdom: season as an effect modifier; Background: Iodine is required throughout pregnancy for thyroid hormone production, which is essential for fetal brain development. Studies of iodine status in pregnant women from the United Kingdom (UK) have focused on early gestation (<16 wk). Data on the effect of advancing gestation on urinary iodine excretion are conflicting, with suggestions of both an increase and a decrease. Objectives: The aims were to evaluate iodine status in a cohort of UK pregnant women and to explore how it changes throughout gestation. Design: We used samples and data from 230 UK pregnant women who were recruited to the Selenium in PRegnancy INTervention study. Iodine concentration was measured in spot-urine samples that were collected at 12, 20, and 35 wk of gestation; creatinine concentration was also measured to correct for urine dilution. A linear mixed model was used to explore the effect of gestational week on iodine-to-creatinine ratio, with change in season, body mass index, daily milk intake, and maternal age controlled for. Results: The median urinary iodine concentration from urine samples collected at all time points (n = 662) was 56.8 mu g/L, and the iodine-to-creatinine ratio was 116 mu g/g, thus classifying this cohort as mildly-to-moderately iodine deficient. The median iodine-to-creatinine ratios at 12, 20, and 35 wk were 102.5, 120.0, and 126.0 mu g/g, respectively. Only 3% of women were taking iodine-containing prenatal supplements. The iodine-to-creatinine ratio increased with advancing gestation, and there was a significant interaction between gestational week and season (P = 0.026). For a 1-wk increase in gestation, the iodine-to-creatinine ratio increased by a factor of 1.05 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.08) in winter and by a factor of 1.04 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.08) in summer. Conclusions: This group of UK pregnant women was mildly-to-moderately iodine deficient at all trimesters, which is of public health concern. The finding that the iodine-to-creatinine ratio increased over the course of gestation may not be generalizable to populations with different iodine status from ours and merits further investigation. This trial was registered at www.isrctn.com as ISRCTN37927591.
Deuterium uptake and plasma cholesterol precursor levels correspond as methods for measurement of endogenous cholesterol synthesis in hypercholesterolemic women; To assess the validity of two techniques used to measure human cholesterol synthesis, the rate of uptake of deuterium (D) into plasma free cholesterol (FC), and plasma cholesterol precursor (squalene, lanosterol, desmosterol and lathosterol) levels were compared in 14 women [65-71 yr with low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) greater than or equal to 3.36 mmol.L-1]. Subjects consumed each of six diets for 5-wk periods according to a randomized crossover design. The experimental diets included a baseline diet (39% energy as fat, 164 mg chol.4.2 MJ(-1)) and five reduced-fat diets (30% of energy as fat), where two-thirds of the fat was either soybean oil; squeeze, tub or stick margarines; or butter. Fractional and absolute synthesis rates (FSR and ASR) of FC were determined using the deuterium incorporation (DI) method, while cholesterol precursor levels were measured using gas-liquid chromatography. Data were pooled across diets for each variable and correlation coefficients were calculated to determine if associations were present. There was good agreement among levels of the various cholesterol precursors. In addition, FSR in pools/d (p.d(-1)) and ASR in grams/d (g.d(-1)) were strongly associated with lathosterol (r = 0.72 and 0.71, P = 0.0001), desmosterol (r = 0.75 and 0.75, P = 0.0001), lanosterol (r = 0.67 and 0.67), and squalene (r = 0.69 and 0.68) when levels of the precursors were expressed as mu mol.mmol(-1) C. Significant but lower correlations were observed between the D uptake and plasma cholesterol precursor levels when the latter were expressed in absolute amounts (mu mol.L-1). The wide range of fatty acid profiles of the experimental diets did not influence the degree of association between methods. In conclusion, the DI method and levels of some cholesterol precursors correspond as methods for short-term measurement of cholesterol synthesis.
Effects of soy protein on lipoprotein lipids and fecal bile acid excretion in men and women with moderate hypercholesterolemia; BACKGROUND: Soy protein (SP) and low-fat dairy product consumption have been suggested to have hypocholesterolemic effects, although the responsible mechanisms are poorly understood. OBJECTIVE: This randomized, controlled, parallel arm trial evaluated the effects of an insoluble fraction of SP and total milk proteins (TMPs) with high calcium content on the fasting lipid profile. It also assessed the potential contributions of increased excretion of bile acids and neutral sterols to their lipid-altering effects. METHODS: Subjects with hypercholesterolemia (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C] 100-199 mg/dL) followed the Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes diet for 4 weeks, followed by a 2-week lead-in with 3.75 g/d colesevelam HCl. Individuals with LDL-C lowering of >= 5.0% with colesevelam HCl were randomly assigned to one of two groups after a 3-week washout: 1) 25 g/d of an insoluble fraction of partially hydrolyzed SP or 2) 25 g/d TMP. RESULTS: Both SP and TMP reduced atherogenic lipoproteins, as indicated by changes in total cholesterol (-7.4% and 3.6%), LDL-C (-10.9% and 5.9%), nonhigh-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-10.8% and 3.9%), and apolipoprotein B (-9.7% and 2.4%), respectively (P < .05 for between group differences except LDL-C, P = .085). No significant increases were observed in either group for fecal bile acids or neutral sterols. CONCLUSION: These results confirm that SP consumption exerts a hypocholesterolemic effect and indicate that TMP elicits a less pronounced response. However, these findings do not support the hypothesis that increased bile acid excretion is an important contributor to the hypocholesterolemic effects of either protein source. (C) 2010 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Daily consumption effects of probiotic yogurt containing <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>acidophilus</i> La5 and <i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i> Bb12 on oxidative stress in metabolic syndrome patients; Background and aims: Available evidence substantiates a strong association between metabolic syndrome and elevated oxidative stress. This study was aimed to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on the oxidative stress biomarkers in patients with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, the association between uric acid levels and insulin resistance indexes was assessed. Methods: An 8-week randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel study was designed. Forty-four patients, 22 males and 22 females aged 20-65 years, were assigned into two groups. Treatment (n = 22) and control (n = 22) groups consumed 300 g/d of probiotic and regular yogurt, respectively. The serum concentration of uric acid, oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein (oxLDL), Malondialdehyde (MDA) and Total Antioxidant Capacity (TAC) were measured at the beginning and the end of the trial. This study was recorded at http://www.irct.ir (code: IRCT201608213140N17). Results: Probiotic yogurt consumption resulted in a significant decrease in the level of serum uric acid and a significant increase in the level of TAC (p < 0.05). A positive significant association between uric acid with insulin concentration and the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and an inverse significant relationship with insulin sensitivity (Quicki) were also found (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Probiotic yogurt consumption through improvement in insulin sensitivity may exert positive effects on the oxidative stress and uric acid levels. However, further studies are needed to make concise conclusions. (C) 2020 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of propylene glycol on adipose tissue mobilization in postpartum over-conditioned Holstein cows; Our objective was to investigate the quantitative and qualitative effects of propylene glycol (PG) allocation on postpartum adipose tissue mobilization in over-conditioned Holstein cows. Nine ruminally cannulated and arterially catheterized cows were, at parturition, randomly assigned to a ruminal pulse dose of either 500 g of tap water (n = 4) or 500 g of PG (n = 5) once a day. The PG was given with the morning feeding for 4 wk postpartum (treatment period), followed by a 4-wk follow-up period. All cows were fed the same prepartum and postpartum diets. At 16 (3), 4 (0), 15 (1) and 29 (2) days in milk (DIM), body composition was determined using the deuterium oxide dilution technique, liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue biopsies were collected, and mammary gland nutrient uptake was measured. Weekly blood samples were obtained during the experiment and daily blood samples were taken from 7 to 7 DIM. Postpartum feed intake and milk yield was not affected by PG allocation. The body content of lipid was not affected by treatment, but tended to decrease from 4 to 29 DIM with both treatments. Except for the first week postpartum, no difference in plasma nonesterified fatty acids concentration was noted between treatments in the treatment period. Yet, PG allocation resulted in decreased plasma concentrations of p-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) and increased plasma concentrations of glucose. In the follow-up period, plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids, glucose, and BHB did not differ between treatments. Additionally, the change in abundance of proteins in adipose tissue biopsies from prepartum to 4 DIM was not affected by treatment. In conclusion, the different variables to assess body fat mobilization were concur-rent and showed that a 4-wk postpartum PG allocation had limited effect on adipose tissue mobilization. The main effect was an enhanced glucogenic status with PG. No carry-over effect of PG allocation was recorded for production or plasma metabolites, and, hence, a new period of metabolic adaption to lactation seemed to occur with PG treatment after ceasing PG allocation. Thus, PG seemed to induce a 2-step adaption to lactation, reducing the immediate postpartum nadir and peak of plasma concentration of glucose and BHB, respectively; which is beneficial for postpartum cows at high risk of lipid-related metabolic diseases.
Tannic acid reduced apparent protein digestibility and induced oxidative stress and inflammatory response without altering growth performance and ruminal microbiota diversity of Xiangdong black goats; The present study was performed to evaluate the impacts of tannic acid (TA) supplementation at different levels on the growth performance, physiological, oxidative and immunological metrics, and ruminal microflora of Xiangdong black goats. Twenty-four goats were randomly assigned to four dietary treatments: the control (CON, basal diet), the low-dose TA group [TAL, 0.3 % of dry matter (DM)], the mid-dose TA group (TAM, 0.6 % of DM), and the high-dose TA group (TAH, 0.9 % of DM). Results showed that the growth performance was unaffected (P > 0.05) by adding TA, whilst the 0.3 % and 0.6 % TA supplementation significantly decreased (P < 0.05) the apparent digestibility of crude protein (CP) and ruminal NH3-N concentration, and raised (P < 0.05) the level of total volatile fatty acid (TVFA) in rumen. The increments of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), triglyceride (TG), cortisol (CORT), total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, and serumamyloid A (SAA), and decrements of globulin (GLB), immunoglobulin G (IgG), cholinesterase (CHE), glutathione reductase (GR), creatinine (CRE), growth hormone (GH), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) to different extents by TA addition were observed. Although the Alpha and Beta diversity of rumen bacterial community remained unchanged by supplementing TA, the relative abundance of the predominant genus Prevotella_1 was significantly enriched (P < 0.05) in TAL. It could hence be concluded that the TA supplementation in the present trial generally decreased CP digestion and caused oxidative stress and inflammatory response without influencing growth performance and ruminal microbiota diversity. More research is needed to explore the premium dosage and mechanisms of effects for TA addition in the diet of goats.
EFFECT OF SILAGE FROM MAIZE AND STRIP-CROPPED SORGHUM AND MAIZE ON DAIRY COW'S YIELD AND MILK COMPOSITION; In an experiment conducted on 34 mid-lactation dairy cows of the Red-and-White and Black-and-White breed, in a random square design, the effect of maize or sorghum-maize silage present in partly mixed ration (PMR) on milk yield, milk composition and blood serum parameters was investigated. The PMR diet contained maize silage, which compared with PMR diet contained sorghum-maize silage made from strip-cropped plants. Both fodder plants were harvested with a 4-row precision chopper, which cut 2 rows of maize and 2 rows of sorghum, giving mixed maize/sorghum forage. The feeding experiment lasted 84 days and consisted of four sub-periods, each 21 days in length to record milk yield, feed and milk chemical composition, and blood parameters. In addition to PMR diets containing part of ration compound feedingstuffs, the cows received part of compound feedingstuffs given at feed stations to meet their nutritional requirement. The compound feedingstuffs in station were controlled by an electronic system related to actual cow's milk yield. Chemical composition of both silages and milk production efficiency were compared. The average dry matter intake in both groups was 18.80 vs 20.4 +/- 1.95 kg/day, but compound feedingstuff intake from station was 3.61 vs 4.56 (P>0.01). Milk yield was 21.8 and 20.5 +/- 0.51 kg/day, respectively (P>0.01). The amount of standardized fat and protein content of milk (FPCM) was 21.0 and 20.2 kg/g +/- 0.48 kg/day (P >= 0.01). No significant differences were found in the fat, protein, casein, lactose, urea, total solids and solids not fat percentage of milk or in milk traits (acidity, renneting time, density) among groups (P >= 0.01). Feeding cows PMR ration with maize silage significantly elevated total cholesterol (P<0.05), but decreased urea levels in blood plasma (P<0.01). It is concluded that strip cropping of sorghum and maize could be an alternative to maize grown as a pure stand in maize high-risk areas for dairy cows in mid-lactation.
Effects of the supplementation of with orange (<i>Citrus sinensis</i> L) peel silage on some metabolic parameters in dairy cows; The aim of this study was to determine the effect of orange/oat and only oat silages on the metabolic levels of cows in milk during the summer and on the compositional quality of the milk, looking for alternative feeding during summer without major investments. Twenty healthy cows were distributed in two groups at random. The cows of the first group were supplemented with orange/oat silage and in the second with only oatmeal silage for 30 days. The animals maintained their metabolic status, body condition and milk production. Cholesterol was the only parameter found higher in animals supplemented with orange/oat silage as compared to the animals fed with only oatmeal silage. It is concluded that both types of silage for supplementation is equivalent, but the acceptance by the animals of the orange/oat silage was notoriously superior.
Tea Consumption and Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes in Europe: The EPIC-InterAct Case-Cohort Study; Background: In previous meta-analyses, tea consumption has been associated with lower incidence of type 2 diabetes. It is unclear, however, if tea is associated inversely over the entire range of intake. Therefore, we investigated the association between tea consumption and incidence of type 2 diabetes in a European population. Methodology/Principal Findings: The EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study was conducted in 26 centers in 8 European countries and consists of a total of 12,403 incident type 2 diabetes cases and a stratified subcohort of 16,835 individuals from a total cohort of 340,234 participants with 3.99 million person-years of follow-up. Country-specific Hazard Ratios (HR) for incidence of type 2 diabetes were obtained after adjustment for lifestyle and dietary factors using a Cox regression adapted for a case-cohort design. Subsequently, country-specific HR were combined using a random effects meta-analysis. Tea consumption was studied as categorical variable (0, >0-<1, 1-<4, >= 4 cups/day). The dose-response of the association was further explored by restricted cubic spline regression. Country specific medians of tea consumption ranged from 0 cups/day in Spain to 4 cups/day in United Kingdom. Tea consumption was associated inversely with incidence of type 2 diabetes; the HR was 0.84 [95% CI 0.71, 1.00] when participants who drank >= 4 cups of tea per day were compared with non-drinkers (p(linear) (trend) = 0.04). Incidence of type 2 diabetes already tended to be lower with tea consumption of 1-<4 cups/day (HR = 0.93 [95% CI 0.81, 1.05]). Spline regression did not suggest a non-linear association (p(non-linearity) = 0.20). Conclusions/Significance: A linear inverse association was observed between tea consumption and incidence of type 2 diabetes. People who drink at least 4 cups of tea per day may have a 16% lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes than non-tea drinkers.
Perinatal n-3 fatty acid imbalance affects fatty acid composition in rat offspring; This study was designed to investigate the effects of high and low n-3 FA feeding during perinatal period on the growth and FA profiles in the Wistar rat offspring. Female rats were randomized into three diet groups during pregnancy and lactation (L): Control (CON, ratio of n-3/n-6 similar to 0.14, n = 24): n-3 FA deficient (LOW. ratio of n-3/n-6 similar to 0, n = 31) and n-3 FA excess (HIGH, ratio of n-3/n-6 similar to 14.0, n = 23). Milk samples were obtained oil L14. After L24, all offspring were fed the control diet until killed at 23-25 weeks of age. There were no group differences in maternal weight gains or offspring birth weights. After birth, the HIGH offspring weighed the least while CON offspring the most. The FA profiles of the CON and LOW milk resembled CON diet, and the HIGH milk resembled HIGH diet. Body FA profiles of males from all groups Were similar to the CON milk profile, but the CON and LOW females resembled the CON milk. while the HIGH females resembled the HIGH milk. All HIGH offspring had increased n-3 levels and n-3/n-6 ratios (males: 0.16 +/- 0.01; females: 0.23 +/- 0.06). Thus LOW dams likely had maternal body fat mobilization that compensated for the deficiency in dietary n-3 FA, while a compensatory mechanism was not observed when intake was high. Excess amount of n-3 FA affected female offspring more than males. These data indicate the long-lasting effects of supplementation and supplementing high amounts of n-3 FA during pregnancy and lactation may not be advisable. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Almond ingestion at mealtime reduces postprandial glycemia and chronic ingestion reduces hemoglobin A<sub>1c</sub> in individuals with well-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus; Cohort studies are equivocal regarding a relationship between regular nut consumption and reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Although acute trials show reductions in postprandial glycemia in healthy individuals ingesting 60 to 90 g almonds, trials have not been conducted using a single serving of almonds (28 g) in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. This randomized crossover trial examined the impact of one serving of almonds at mealtime on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia, and plasma glucagon-like peptide-1 in healthy individuals and individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. On 2 occasions separated by at least 1 week, 19 adults (including 7 adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus) consumed a standardized evening meal and fasted overnight before ingesting the test meal (bagel, juice, and butter) with or without almonds. A small pilot study (6-7 subjects per group) was also conducted to observe whether chronic almond ingestion (1 serving 5 d/wk for 12 weeks) lowered hemoglobin A(1c) in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A standard serving of almonds reduced postprandial glycemia significantly in participants with diabetes (-30%, P = .043) but did not influence glycemia in participants without diabetes (-7%, P = .638). Insulinemia and glucagon-like peptide-1 at 30 minutes postmeal were not impacted by almond ingestion for either group. In the pilot study, regular almond ingestion for 12 weeks reduced hemoglobin A(1c) by 4% (P = .045 for interaction) but did not influence fasting glucose concentrations. These data show that modest almond consumption favorably improves both short-term and long-term markers of glucose control in individuals with uncomplicated type 2 diabetes mellitus. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome; Objectives: The relationship between gut microflora and metabolic syndrome components such as obesity, low-grade chronic systemic inflammation, dyslipidemia, and altered glucose metabolism is now acknowledged. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome. Methods: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of 44 patients with metabolic syndrome (22 men and 22 women), who were 20 to 65 y of age. The patients were assigned to either a treatment or control group and consumed 300 g/d of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 or a regular yogurt for 2 mo, respectively. Each group contained 22 participants. Fasting blood glucose and serum insulin was performed to derive homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity (Quicki), and HOMA of beta-cell function (HOMA-beta). In addition, markers of vascular cell adhesion molecule cell (VCAM)-1, intercellular adhesion molecule cell (ICAM)-1, and plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1 were measured to evaluate endothelial function at the beginning and at the end of the study. Results: Consumption of probiotic yogurt resulted in a significant reduction in the level of blood glucose and VCAM-1. Significant changes in PAI-1, VCAM-1, insulin, HOMA-IR, and Quicki were observed in the probiotic yogurt group after intervention compared with baseline. Conclusion: Consumption of probiotic yogurt improved fasting blood glucose and partly modified serum endothelial function markers. These results suggest that regular intake of probiotic yogurt may exert positive effects on the treatment of metabolic syndrome. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Using safflower supplementation to improve the fatty acid profile in milk of dairy goat; Although supplementation effects of safflower seed oil (SSO) on dairy cattle have been extensively studied, little information exists on the effective use of SSO in lactating dairy goat. Thus, this study investigated the effects of SSO supplementation on feed intake, yield, composition and fatty acid profile of milk of lactating dairy goat. Fifteen multiparous Xinong Saanen dairy goats (63 +/- 2 DIM) were assigned to a 3 x 3 Latin square for periods of 21-d. They were randomly allocated to three treatments: (A) unsupplemented (control), (B) supplemented with 10 g SSO (low dose, SSO-1), and (C) supplemented with 30 g SSO (high dose, SSO-2) per kilogram diet dry matter (DM) of total ration. Feeding SSO resulted in a significant increase of DM intake compared with the control (P < 0.01). Ruminal pH values in SSO-1 were increased in comparison with the control (P < 0.05). SSO supplementation increased the content of low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in serum (P < 0.01). Yield and ratio of mike fat with SSO supplementation decreased significantly compared with the control (P < 0.01). SSO supplementation decreased the ratios of short- and medium-chain fatty acids (C <= 16) but significantly increased the ratios of long-chain fatty acids (C > 16) in milk fat. Furthermore, SSO supplementation increased cis-9, trans-11 CLA contents from 0.49 g/day of the control to 0.68 and 1.18 g/day for SSO-1 and SSO-2, respectively (P < 0.01). This study demonstrated that SSO supplementation improved milk fat composition of dairy goat. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Brewer's Yeast Improves Blood Pressure in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background: This study was conducted to investigate the effects of Brewer's yeast supplementation on serum lipoproteins and blood pressure in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: In a randomized double blind clinical trial, 90 adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus were recruited, and divided randomly into 2 groups, trial group received brewer's yeast (1800 mg/day) and control group received placebo for 12 weeks. Weight, BMI, food consumption (based on 24 hour food recall), fasting serum lipoproteins (Cholesterol, Triglyceride, LDL-c, HDL-c), systolic and diastolic blood pressures were measured before and after the intervention. Data analyses were performed by Statistical Package for Social Sciences ver. 18.0, and the statistical tests included Independent t-test, Paired t-test, Kolmogorov-Smirnov and analysis of covariance. This trial was registered in Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT), No. IRCT138807062513N1. Results: Eighty-four subjects (21 men and 63 women) aged 46.3 +/- 6.1 years completed the study. After 12 weeks supplementation, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were decreased in the group receiving brewer's yeast (4.1 +/- 1.5, P=0.007 and 5.7 +/- 0.6, P=0.001 respectively). No-significant changes in LDL-c, HDL-c, Triglyceride and Cholesterol were shown. Conclusion: Supplementation with Brewer's yeast besides the usual treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus can reduce systolic and diastolic blood pressures in diabetic patients.
Lupin protein positively affects plasma LDL cholesterol and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio in hypercholesterolemic adults after four weeks of supplementation: a randomized, controlled crossover study; Background: A couple of studies indicate a favorable impact of lupin protein on cardiovascular risk factors in humans. These studies, however, used relatively high doses of >33 g/d, which can hardly be consumed under physiological conditions. Therefore, we investigated the effect of 25 g/d lupin protein isolate (LPI) on selected cardiovascular markers and on serum amino acids. Methods: A total of 33 hypercholesterolemic subjects participated in a randomized, controlled, double-blind crossover study. LPI and the active comparator milk protein isolate (MPI) were incorporated in protein drinks and consumed over 8 wk separated by a 4 wk washout period. Anthropometric data, blood pressure, and nutrient intake were assessed at baseline and after 8 wk of both protein interventions. Blood was sampled at baseline, wk 4 and wk 8. All 33 subjects were included in final statistical analyses using repeated measures ANOVA with the general linear model or using linear mixed model. Results: Except for higher HDL cholesterol at wk 4 of LPI (P <= 0.036), anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, and plasma lipids did not differ among LPI and MPI intervention. Compared to baseline, the primary outcome LDL cholesterol was significantly reduced after 4 wk of both interventions (P <= 0.008), while LDL: HDL cholesterol ratio was decreased only by LPI (P = 0.003). These time effects were restricted to subjects with higher hypercholesterolemia and disappeared after 8 wk. Blood pressure was reduced after 8 wk of LPI (P <= 0.044). Almost all serum amino acids were higher at wk 4 but not at wk 8 of MPI compared to LPI. Following 4 wk and 8 wk of LPI intervention, most amino acids remained unchanged. Both interventions caused a slight, but significant rise in body weight and body fat after 8 wk (P <= 0.045). Conclusion: In conclusion, 25 g LPI can beneficially modulate plasma LDL cholesterol at least over short-term. Using appropriate dietetic conditions that improve consumer compliance and avoid changes in energy intake as well as in body composition, lupin protein could positively impact cardiovascular risk factors particularly in individuals with higher hypercholesterolemia.
Mediterranean-style diet for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background The Seven Countries study in the 1960s showed that populations in the Mediterranean region experienced lower coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality probably as a result of different dietary patterns. Later observational studies have confirmed the benefits of adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors but clinical trial evidence is more limited. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of a Mediterranean-style diet for the primary and secondary prevention of CVD. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2018, Issue 9); MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to 25 September 2018); Embase (Ovid, 1980 to 2018 week 39); Web of Science Core Collection (Thomson Reuters, 1900 to 26 September 2018); DARE Issue 2 of 4, 2015 (Cochrane Library); HTA Issue 4 of 4, 2016 (Cochrane Library); NHS EED Issue 2 of 4, 2015 (Cochrane Library). We searched trial registers and applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in healthy adults and adults at high risk of CVD (primary prevention) and those with established CVD (secondary prevention). Both of the following key components were required to reach our definition of a Mediterranean-style diet: high monounsaturated/saturated fat ratio (use of olive oil as main cooking ingredient and/or consumption of other traditional foods high in monounsaturated fats such as tree nuts) and a high intake of plant-based foods, including fruits, vegetables and legumes. Additional components included: low to moderate red wine consumption; high consumption of whole grains and cereals; low consumption of meat and meat products and increased consumption of fish; moderate consumption of milk and dairy products. The intervention could be dietary advice, provision of relevant foods, or both. The comparison group received either no intervention, minimal intervention, usual care or another dietary intervention. Outcomes included clinical events and CVD risk factors. We included only studies with follow-up periods of three months or more defined as the intervention period plus post intervention follow-up. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We conducted four main comparisons: 1. Mediterranean dietary intervention versus no intervention or minimal intervention for primary prevention; 2. Mediterranean dietary intervention versus another dietary intervention for primary prevention; 3. Mediterranean dietary intervention versus usual care for secondary prevention; 4. Mediterranean dietary intervention versus another dietary intervention for secondary prevention. Main results In this substantive review update, 30 RCTs (49 papers) (12,461 participants randomised) and seven ongoing trials met our inclusion criteria. The majority of trials contributed to primary prevention: comparisons 1 (nine trials) and 2 (13 trials). Secondary prevention trials were included for comparison 3 (two trials) and comparison 4 (four trials plus an additional two trials that were excluded from the main analyses due to published concerns regarding the reliability of the data). Two trials reported on adverse events where these were absent or minor (low- to moderate-quality evidence). No trials reported on costs or health-related quality of life. Primary prevention The included studies for comparison 1 did not report on clinical endpoints (CVD mortality, total mortality or non-fatal endpoints such as myocardial infarction or stroke). The PREDIMED trial (included in comparison 2) was retracted and re-analysed following concerns regarding randomisation at two of 11 sites. Low-quality evidence shows little or no effect of the PREDIMED (7747 randomised) intervention (advice to follow a Mediterranean diet plus supplemental extra-virgin olive oil or tree nuts) compared to a low-fat diet on CVD mortality (hazard ratio (HR) 0.81, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 1.32) or total mortality (HR 1.0, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.24) over 4.8 years. There was, however, a reduction in the number of strokes with the PREDIMED intervention (HR 0.60, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.80), a decrease from 24/1000 to 14/1000 (95% CI 11 to 19), moderate-quality evidence). For CVD risk factors for comparison 1 there was low-quality evidence for a possible small reduction in total cholesterol (-0.16 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.32 to 0.00) and moderate-quality evidence for a reduction in systolic (-2.99 mmHg (95% CI -3.45 to -2.53) and diastolic blood pressure (-2.0 mmHg, 95% CI-2.29 to -1.71), with low or very low-quality evidence of little or no effect on LDL or HDL cholesterol or triglycerides. For comparison 2 there was moderate-quality evidence of a possible small reduction in LDL cholesterol (-0.15 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.27 to -0.02) and triglycerides (-0.09 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.16 to -0.01) with moderate or low-quality evidence of little or no effect on total or HDL cholesterol or blood pressure. Secondary prevention For secondary prevention, the Lyon Diet Heart Study (comparison 3) examined the effect of advice to follow a Mediterranean diet and supplemental canola margarine compared to usual care in 605 CHD patients over 46 months and there was low-quality evidence of a reduction in adjusted estimates for CVD mortality (HR 0.35, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.82) and total mortality (HR 0.44, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.92) with the intervention. Only one small trial (101 participants) provided unadjusted estimates for composite clinical endpoints for comparison 4 (very low-quality evidence of uncertain effect). For comparison 3 there was low-quality evidence of little or no effect of a Mediterranean-style diet on lipid levels and very low-quality evidence for blood pressure. Similarly, for comparison 4 where only two trials contributed to the analyses there was low or very low-quality evidence of little or no effect of the intervention on lipid levels or blood pressure. Authors' conclusions Despite the relatively large number of studies included in this review, there is still some uncertainty regarding the effects of a Mediterranean-style diet on clinical endpoints and CVD risk factors for both primary and secondary prevention. The quality of evidence for the modest benefits on CVD risk factors in primary prevention is low or moderate, with a small number of studies reporting minimal harms. There is a paucity of evidence for secondary prevention. The ongoing studies may provide more certainty in the future.
Effects of commercial non-dairy tea whitener consumption in comparison to milk on lipid profile, histopathology, and liver enzymes in animal model; The pandemic of obesity and other diet-related non-communicable diseases are serious threats to the wellbeing and financial prosperity around the globe. It has been documented that the consumption of processed foods with high levels of refined sugars and fats are the main cause contributing to this phenomenon. The present work was therefore conducted to assess the effects of the consumption of non-dairy tea whiteners (NDTW's) on lipid profile, histopathology, and liver enzymes of rats for a period of three months. To this end, 30 albino Wister rats (7 weeks old, 130 +/- 5 g) was divided into five groups namely control (G1), fed with whole milk (G2), and groups fed with defined dose of commercial NDTW's (G3, G4, and G5). All rats were provided feed and water ad libitum during the experimental period. At trial completion, the rats were decapitated, and samples (blood, liver) were collected and subjected to blood chemistry (lipid profile) and liver histopathological analyses. Results indicated that as compared to milk, powder NDTW consumption increased the level of cholesterol (69%), triglycerides (98%), and LDL (84%), whereas HDL was non-significantly affected. On the other hand, liquid NDTW consumption led to the increase in triglyceride levels for all NDTW, and yielded 130% increase as compared to milk, which might have been attributed to composition of NDTW. Additionally, liver and renal functional tests yielded non-significant results. The present work concluded that the consumption of NDTW contributed towards derangement and elevation in lipid profile parameters as compared to milk, particularly if consumed for longer period of time.
Ethyl-cellulose rumen-protected methionine alleviates inflammation and oxidative stress and improves neutrophil function during the periparturient period and early lactation in Holstein dairy cows; The periparturient period is the most critical phase in the productive cycle of dairy cows and is characterized by impairment of the immune system. Our objective was to evaluate the effect of feeding ethyl-cellulose rumen-protected methionine (RPM) starting at d -28 from expected parturition through 60 d in milk on biomarkers of inflammation, oxidative stress, and liver function as well as leukocyte function. Sixty multiparous Holstein cows were used in a block design and assigned to either a control or the control plus ethyl-cellulose RPM (Mepron, Evonik Nutrition & Care GmbH). Mepron was supplied from -28 to 60 d in milk at a rate of 0.09% and 0.10% dry matter during the prepartum and postpartum period. That rate ensured that the ratio of Lys to Met in the metabolizable protein was close to 2.8:1. Blood samples from 15 clinically healthy cows per treatment were collected at d -30, -14, 1, 7, 21, 30, and 60 and analyzed for biomarkers of liver function, inflammation, and oxidative stress. Neutrophil and monocyte function in whole blood was measured in vitro at -14, 1, 7, 21, and 30 d in milk. The statistical model included the random effect of block and fixed effect of treatment, time, and its interaction. Compared with control, ethyl-cellulose RPM increased plasma cholesterol and paraoxonase after parturition. Among the inflammation biomarkers measured, ethyl-cellulose RPM led to greater albumin (negative acute-phase protein) and lower haptoglobin than control cows. Although concentration of IL-1 beta was not affected by treatments, greater IL-6 concentration was detected in response to ethyl-cellulose RPM. Cows supplemented with ethyl-cellulose RPM had greater plasma concentration of ferric-reducing antioxidant power, beta-carotene, tocopherol, and total and reduced glutathione, where as reactive oxygen metabolites were lower compared with control cows. Compared with control, ethyl-cellulose RPM enhanced neutrophil phagocytosis and oxidative burst. Overall, the results indicate that ethyl-cellulose RPM supply to obtain a Lys-to-Met ratio of 2.8:1 in the metabolizable protein during the periparturient period and early lactation is an effective approach to help) mitigate oxidative stress and inflammation as well as enhance liver and neutrophil function in dairy cows.
Impact of probiotics in women with gestational diabetes mellitus on metabolic health: a randomized controlled trial; OBJECTIVE: Probiotics are live microorganisms that may confer health benefits on the host. Recent trials of probiotic use among healthy pregnant women demonstrate potential for improved glycemic control. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of a probiotic capsule intervention on maternal metabolic parameters and pregnancy outcome among women with gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: This double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trial recruited pregnant women with a new diagnosis of gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance following a 3-hour 100-g glucose tolerance test. Women were randomized to a daily probiotic (Lactobacillus salivarius UCC118) or placebo capsule from diagnosis until delivery. Fasting blood samples were collected at baseline and 46 weeks after capsule commencement for analysis of glucose, insulin, c-peptide, and lipids. The primary outcome was difference in fasting glucose postintervention, first analyzed on an intention-to-treat basis and followed by per-protocol analysis that excluded women commenced on pharmacological therapy (insulin or metformin). Secondary outcomes were changes in insulin, c-peptide, homeostasis model assessment and lipids, requirement for pharmacological therapy, and neonatal anthropometry. RESULTS: Of 149 women recruited and randomized, there were no differences between the probiotic and placebo groups in postintervention fasting glucose (4.65 +/- 0.49 vs 4.65 +/- 0.53 mmol/L; P = 373), requirement for pharmacological therapy (17% vs 14%; P = .643), or birthweight (3.57 +/- 0.64 vs 3.60 +/- 0.57 kg; P = .845). Among 100 women managed with diet and exercise alone, fasting plasma glucose decreased significantly within both the probiotic (4.76 +/- 0.45 to 4.57 +/- 0.42 mmol/L; P < .001) and placebo (4.85 +/- 0.58 to 4.58 +/- 0.45 mmol/L; P <. 001) groups, but the levels between groups did not differ (P = .316). The late gestation-related rise in total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was attenuated in the probiotic vs the placebo group (+0.27 +/- 0.48 vs +0.50 +/- 0.52 mmol/L total cholesterol, P = .031; +0.08 +/- 0.51 vs +0.31 +/- 0.45 mmol/L LDL cholesterol, P = .011). No differences were noted between groups in other metabolic parameters or pregnancy outcome. CONCLUSION: A probiotic capsule intervention among women with abnormal glucose tolerance had no impact on glycemic control. The observed attenuation of the normal pregnancy-induced rise in total and LDL cholesterol following probiotic treatment requires further investigation, particularly in this obstetric group at risk of future metabolic syndrome.
Dietary calcium and health; Calcium is an essential nutrient as all living cells require calcium to remain viable; calcium is also required for a number of specific roles in the body. The majority (-99%) of calcium present in the body is found in bone, with a smaller amount found in teeth. The remainder ( <1%) is found in soft tissues and body fluids. The average adult skeleton contains 1200 g of calcium, present in the form of hydroxyapatite, an inorganic crystalline structure made up of calcium and phosphorus [Ca-10(PO4)(6)(OH)(2)], which provides rigidity. Calcium is essential for bone growth as it is required for the mineralisation (impregnation of the bone matrix with minerals) of bone; the rate of calcium deposition in bone is proportional to rate of growth. An adequate intake of calcium is one of a number of factors which are important for acquiring bone mass and attaining peak bone mass (PBM). Diets containing insufficient amounts of calcium may lead to a low bone mineral density, which may have implications for bone health, notably risk of osteoporosis, in later life. As well as having a skeletal function, calcium plays a regulatory role in a number of specialised functions in the body. Calcium plays a role in muscle (including cardiac muscle) contraction, neurotransmitter secretion, digestion and blood coagulation (clotting). Calcium also plays a structural role outside of the skeleton, for example in organelles and membranes. Disturbances in the structural and regulatory roles of calcium can have implications for health and disease. For this reason, calcium homeostasis is tightly regulated to ensure that plasma concentrations of calcium ions are maintained within a set range (i.e. 1.1-1.3 mmol/L). Homeostasis is controlled at three main sites: the kidneys, bone and the gastrointestinal tract. Control is mediated through the calciotropic hormones: parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcitriol and calcitonin. In response to changes in plasma calcium concentrations, absorption of calcium from the gastrointestinal tract can be altered, along with urinary excretion and calcium resorption from bone. The UK reference nutrient intake (RNI) for calcium for adults aged over 19 years is 700 mg/day; requirements are higher during childhood, adolescence and during lactation. No guidance has been issued on high intakes, although exceeding an intake of 1500 mg calcium/day in the form of supplements is discouraged as this can cause stomach pain and diarrhoea. Calcium intake appears to have increased over the last 30 years or so. On average, British men consume 1007 mg calcium/day, whilst the average British woman consumes 777 mg/day (Henderson et al.), but intakes of calcium are a concern amongst certain groups of the population. For example, a high proportion of teenage boys and girls and women aged 19-24 years fail to meet the lower reference nutrient intake (LRNI) for calcium, i.e. their intakes are likely to be inadequate. A wide number of foods contain calcium, but the amount of calcium, provided per 100 g or per serving, and its bioavailability vary considerably. The major source of calcium in British diets is milk and milk products (providing more than 40% of calcium intake amongst adults), followed by cereals and cereal products (providing 30% of intake). The contribution from cereals is high because although they are not a rich source, they are consumed in relatively large amounts and also some cereal products are fortified with calcium. For example, it is a mandatory requirement that white and brown wheat flours contain specified amounts of calcium, which is achieved through fortification. Additional sources of calcium include plant foods, including soya beans, some animal products (e.g. eggs) and water. The bioavailability of calcium from a food is influenced by the presence of a number of other compounds within a food. Dietary factors that influence absorption of calcium include fat (reduces absorption), protein and phosphorus (both increase absorption). The bioavailability of calcium from milk and milk products is in the region of 30% compared to 5% from spinach. Spinach, although containing a relatively large amount of calcium, is not considered a bioavailable source, as it contains a high concentration of oxalic acid which inhibits the absorption of calcium. Phytic acid and uronic acid, also found in plant foods, have a similar effect. However, the bioavailability of calcium from other plant foods is good, e.g. broccoli (see Bioavailability of calcium from foods). Soya beans are also a notable exception, in that they contain high quantities of both oxalic and phytic acids, yet are a bioavailable source of calcium (bioavailability is in the region of 30-40%). The bioavailability of calcium from soya products will vary depending on the product. A low intake of calcium during growth has implications for bone mass, as the amount of calcium consumed in the diet influences the amount of calcium that can be retained by the skeleton during periods of growth. An inadequate intake of calcium combined with adequate energy and protein intakes may result in a low calcium content of bone, which may have implications for bone health later in life. The attainment of a high PBM in early adulthood is important as bone mineral (including calcium) content starts to decline thereafter. PBM has been reported to be reached as early as the late teenage years or as late as the mid-thirties; this depends on the site in the skeleton [e.g. PBM is reached in the femoral neck (hip) before it is reached in the forearm]. A number of factors influence bone mineral losses, e.g. physical activity (immobility accelerates loss), hormonal status and gender. In women, loss of bone mineral is accelerated around the time of the menopause, as a result of a fall in circulating oestrogen concentrations. An excessive loss of bone associated with ageing can lead to osteoporosis, which is characterised by micro-architectural changes in bone tissue, loss of bone mineral and reduced strength of bone which ultimately increases the risk of bone fracture. Osteoporosis is associated with morbidity and increased mortality and is a major concern in the UK and across the developed world. As the population ages, the incidence of osteoporosis will increase and bring with it additional costs to the health system and the economy. There is some evidence that increased intakes of calcium later in life may help slow the rate of bone loss associated with ageing. The evidence is strongest amongst older postmenopausal women, rather than during the early stages (first 5-10 years) of the menopause. It appears that most benefit is obtained from consuming additional calcium in the long-term. Further research is needed to investigate optimal dietary calcium intakes in relation to minimising bone mineral losses and reducing the risk of osteoporosis. Calcium may have a role in the aetiology of chronic disease, with evidence suggesting that increased calcium intakes may help in the prevention of colorectal cancers. There is weaker evidence to suggest that calcium may offer some protection against breast cancer and more research needs to be conducted to confirm or refute an effect. Calcium has long been suggested to play a role in the aetiology of cardiovascular disease; early ecological studies suggested that consumption of hard (calcium-containing) water was associated with a reduced risk. Calcium exerts modest blood pressure and lipid-lowering effects, which may be of relevance in reducing risk of cardiovascular disease. In addition, there is preliminary evidence suggesting that calcium may play a role in weight management. Data from epidemiological studies suggest an inverse association between calcium intake and body-weight. Human trials in this area are still in their infancy; at present findings must be interpreted with caution. A number of mechanisms that may underlie this effect of calcium on bodyweight are currently being investigated and more human trials are underway.
THE DIET OF AUCKLAND MEN AND WOMEN AGED 25-64 YEARS; The dietary intake of a sample of 537 men and 372 women aged 25-64 years, randomly selected from the Auckland general electoral rolls, was assessed in order to describe current nutritional patterns in Auckland and to compare dietary intakes between men and women. A 118 item food frequency questionnaire was given to each participant to recall usual intake over the previous three months. After adjusting for energy intake, men consumed significantly more fat and cholesterol than women, consistent with their increased intake of red meat (median serves per month = 28 for men, 23 for women) and their greater tendency to eat fried meat (80.3% v 71.7%) and to drink full cream milk (82.7% v 70.7%). In contrast, women consumed more carbohydrate and fibre than men after adjusting for energy, consistent with their increased intake of vegetables (median serves per month = 136 for women, 116 for men) and fruit (median serves per month = 71 for women, 39 for men). These dietary differences between men and women may partly explain the increased coronary heart disease rates in men.
Eating habits of preschool children and the risk of obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in adults; Background & Objective: Nutrient excess and nutrient deficiency in the diets of preschool children can Lead to permanent modification of metabolic pathways and increased risk of diet-dependent diseases in adults. Children are most susceptible to the adverse consequences of bad eating habits. The objective of this study was to evaluate the eating habits and the diets of preschool children as risk factors for excessive weight, obesity, insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. Methods: The study was conducted on 350 randomly selected preschool children attending kindergartens in south-eastern Poland. Three-day dietary recalls were processed and evaluated in the Dieta 5 application. Results: The analyzed diets were characterized by low diversity and a high share of processed foods, such as pate, sausages, ketchup, mayonnaise, fried meat, French fries and fast-food. The dietary content of vegetables, raw fruit, dairy products and whole grain products was alarmingly tow. Conclusions: Diets characterized by excessive energy value and nutritional deficiency can lead to health problems. In most cases, excessive weight gain in children can be blamed on parents and caretakers who are not aware of the health consequences of high-calorie foods rich in fats and sugar.
Certain dietary patterns are beneficial for the metabolic syndrome: reviewing the evidence; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a global public health issue of increasing magnitude. The Asia-Pacific region is expected to be hardest hit due to large population numbers, rising obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). This review assessed the protective effects of dietary patterns and their components on MetS. A literature search was conducted using prominent electronic databases and search terms that included in combination: diet, dietary components, dietary patterns, and metabolic syndrome. Articles were restricted to prospective studies and high quality randomized controlled trials that were conducted on humans, reported in the English language, and within the time period of 2000 to 2012. Traditional factors such as age, gender, physical activity, and obesity were associated with risk of MetS; however, these potential confounders were not always accounted for in study outcomes. Three dietary patterns emerged from the review; a Mediterranean dietary pattern, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet. Potential contributors to their beneficial effects on prevalence of MetS or reduction in MetS components included increases in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, dairy and dairy components, calcium, vitamin D, and whey protein, as well as monounsaturated fatty acids, and omega-3 fatty acids. Additional prospective and high quality randomized controlled trial studies that investigate Mediterranean dietary pattern, the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet would cement the protective benefits of these diets against the MetS. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of regular-fat and low-fat dairy consumption on daytime ambulatory blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled feeding trial; Background: The extent to which dairy products and their fat content influence cardiovascular health remains uncertain. Objective: This study aimed to assess how consumption of low-fat milk and regular-fat cheese enriched in gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) influences daytime ambulatory blood pressure (BP) and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: In this crossover controlled feeding study. 55 healthy men and women with high-normal daytime BP were randomly assigned to sequences of three 6-wk isoenergetic diets, each comprising 1) no dairy (control diet), 2) 3 daily servings of 1% fat milk, and 3) 1 daily serving of 31% fat cheddar cheese naturally enriched in GABA. Total proteins, carbohydrates, and fats were matched across all 3 diets. The additional 2% of energy from SFAs in the cheese diet was replaced by n-6 PUFAs in the other diets. Results: Comparison of postdiet ambulatory systolic BP revealed no difference (P = 0.34), which was also the case for ambulatory diastolic BP (P = 0.45). The cheese diet increased serum LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with the control and milk diets (+5.8%, P = 0.006 and +7.0%, P = 0.0008, respectively) and increased LDL particle size compared with the milk diet (P = 0.02). HDL-cholesterol concentrations after the milk diet were lower than after the control diet (-4.1%; P = 0.009). The milk and cheese diets increased triglycerides compared with the control diet (+9.9%, P = 0.01 and +10.5%, P = 0.007, respectively). There was no significant difference between all diets for C-reactive protein concentrations and markers of glucose/insulin homeostasis. Conclusions: These results suggest that short-term consumption of dairy products, whether low or regular in fat, has no overall effect on daytime ambulatory BP compared with a dairy-free diet. Other cardiometabolic risk factors may be differently modified according to the fat content of the dairy product.
Improvement of Inflammation and Pain after Three Months' Exclusion Diet in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients; Introduction: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease affecting the synovial joints and causing severe disability. Environmental and lifestyle factors, including diet, have been proposed to play a role in the onset and severity of RA. Dietary manipulation may help to manage the symptoms of RA by lowering inflammation and potentially decreasing pain. Methods: In 40 patients with long-standing RA with stable symptoms and treated with conventional (c-) and biological (b-) disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), the effect of a 3-month diet avoiding meat, gluten, and lactose (and all dairy products; privative diet) was evaluated in comparison with a control balanced diet including those foods. Both diets were designed to reduce weight since all patients were overweight or obese. Patients were randomly assigned to one of the diets, and RA was clinically assessed at Time 0 (T0), through the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), for pain, and the Disease Activity Score of 28 joints (DAS 28) for RA activity. Patients were also administered the Short Form Health survey (SF-36) and the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ). At T0, a blood sample was collected for laboratory tests and adipokines measurements, and anthropometric measurements were compared. These evaluations were repeated at the end of the 3 months' dietary regimens. Results: A significant decrease in VAS and the improvement of the overall state of physical and mental health, assessed through SF-36, was observed in patients assigned to the privative diet. Both dietary regimens resulted in the improvement of quality of life compared to baseline values; however, the change was significant only for the privative diet. With either diet, patients showed significant decreases in body weight and body mass index, with a reduction in waist and hips circumference and lower basal glucose and circulating leptin levels. A privative diet was also able to significantly reduce systolic (p = 0.003) and diastolic (p = 0.025) arterial pressure. The number of circulating leukocytes and neutrophils, and the level of hs-C-Reactive Protein also decreased after 3 months of the meat-, lactose-, and gluten-free diet. Conclusions: Our results suggest that a privative diet can result in a better control of inflammation in RA patients under stable optimized drug treatment.</p>
Dietary practices among patients with type 2 diabetes in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Objective of the study was to describe the dietary practices of Saudis with type two diabetes and to compare these with the recommended practices. A total of 222 Saudi Arabian patients (120 females and 102 males) with type 2 diabetes were recruited randomly from the Diabetic Centre at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Anonymous questionnaires and 24-hour dietary recall were completed by the participants. The questionnaires included data on daily dietary intake; number and regularity of snacks; food items used in snacks; use of sugar, soft drinks and dairy products; and intake of fruits, vegetables, meat and chicken. The response to each question was scored from 1 (poor practice) to 3 (good practice). Laboratory data for glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood sugar, serum triglycerides and serum cholesterol values were extracted from medical records. The overall mean dietary practice was 2.05 +/- 0.46. The highest mean dietary practice was obtained for the number of regular meals eaten daily (2.56 +/- 0.34) with the highest percentage (59.9%) occurring for three meals. The lowest mean dietary practice was obtained for the number of times fruits and vegetables were eaten (1.24 +/- 0.22), with the highest percentage (81.5%) occurring for moderate consumption (1-2) times per week. Complying with dietician visits also had a low mean score (1.57 +/- 0.31), with highest percentage (78.8%) occurring for no visits. The average total energy intake was 1481.4 kcal/day. Carbohydrates, fiber, protein and fat consumption were 210.7, 24.3, 85.6, and 51.4 g/day, respectively. Cholesterol was 118.4 mg/day. Fat consumption was 51.4% of total energy intake, with saturated fat at 4.8%, monounsaturated fat at 11.3%, and polyunsaturated fat at 9.5% of total energy consumed. About 50% of the participants met the ADA recommendation for saturated fat, polyunsaturated fat and monounsaturated fat. Lipid profiles and blood glucose levels were not in line with recommendations for most of the participants, with percentages exceeding 75% for fasting blood sugar level and HBA1c. Based on these findings, the dietary practices of diabetic patients are inadequate and effective dietary intervention is needed.
Moderate over-feeding of different sources of metabolizable energy and protein improved gestational insulin resistance markers and maternal metabolic status of sheep around lambing; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of moderate over-nutrition of energy (using flaxseed as a source of n-3 fatty acids) and protein (using rumen-protected lysine and methionine) around parturition on prepartal insulin resistance (IR) and periparturient metabolic status and performance of ewes. For this purpose, 32 apparently healthy ewes (2.5 +/- 1 years old, 42.19 +/- 1.65 kg body weight (BW)) were randomly selected out of 200 pregnant Zell ewes on d 50 before the expected lambing. After receiving a ten-day adaptation diet, eight ewes were randomly allocated to one of the following four dietary treatments: 1) the adaptation diet that meets the metabolizable energy (ME) and protein (MP) requirements of ewes during late pregnancy as recommended by National Research Council = NRC (2007) (Control = CON). 2) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME than NRC (2007) recommendations using corn grain as a source of extra ME (HEC). 3) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME compared to NRC (2007) recommendations using flaxseed for additional ME (HEF). 4) A diet with a 10% higher level of MP than NRC (2007) recommendations using rumen-protected lysine and methionine as a source of extra MP (PRO). While the dietary treatments did not affect animals' dry matter intake (DMI), the CON ewes lost more BW starting from d 10 to d 30 relative to parturition compared to others (P < 0.05). Milk protein and fat yield (g/d) were significantly higher for PRO and HEF compared to HEC and CON ewes (P < 0.05). Moderately over-fed ewes with MP and ME had an improved insulin sensitivity (IS) compared to CON ones. The source of additional ME also impacted IR indices because HEC showed an enhancement in IS than HEF animals (P < 0.05). A lower IS in CON ewes was parallel with higher concentrations of plasma urea at prepartum (P < 0.01), lower levels of plasma cholesterol, triglyceride (P < 0.01) and glucose post-partum (P < 0.05), and a tendency for higher levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) and non-esterifled fatty acids (NEFA) in CON ewes during both pre- and post-partum periods. There were negative correlations between plasma urea, BHB, and NEFA with IR markers on d 7 prepartum in line with these results. Comparing data, we could not find a significant change in metabolic status among ewes fed with either PRO or HEF/HEC. In conclusion, the inclusion of 10% extra MP and ME could improve late gestation maternal IS and the metabolic status of dams around lambing. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Replacing concentrates with a high-quality hay in the starter feed in dairy calves: I. Effects on nutrient intake, growth performance, and blood metabolic profile; Concentrate-rich starter feeds are commonly fed to dairy calves to stimulate early solid feed intake and growth performance; yet, starter feeds lacking in forage fiber may jeopardize gut development. This research primarily aimed to test a complete or partial replace-ment of concentrates with hay of different qualities in the starter feed on nutrient intake, growth performance, apparent total-tract digestibility (ATTD) of nutrients, and blood metabolites in dairy calves. Immediately after birth, 40 Holstein Friesian calves were randomly allocated to 1 of 4 starter diets, which differed in hay quality and concentrate inclusion [MQH = 100% medi-um-quality hay, 9.4 MJ of metabolizable energy (ME), 149 g of crude protein (CP), 522 g of neutral detergent fiber (NDF)/kg of dry matter (DM); HQH = 100% high-quality hay, 11.2 MJ of ME, 210 g of CP, 455 g of NDF/kg of DM; MQH(+)C = 30% medium-quality hay + 70% starter concentrate; HQH(+)C = 30% high-quality hay + 70% starter concentrate]. The concen-trate consisted mainly of grains, oilseeds, and mineral supplements (13.5 MJ of ME, 193 g of CP, 204 g of NDF/kg of DM). Calves were used in the experiment from d 1 to 99 of life. During the first 4 wk, all calves were fed acidified whole milk ad libitum, and afterward they were gradually weaned from wk 5 to 12. Calves had ad libitum access to their starter diets and water throughout the experiment. Milk, water, and solid feed intake was recorded daily, live weight was measured once a week, and blood samples were collected on d 1, 3, 7, 21, 49, 77, and 91 and analyzed for selected metabolites. The ATTD was measured in wk 14 of life. Total DM intake and daily weight gain of calves were not affected by the starter feed during the first 8 wk of life. However, from wk 9 to 14, calves fed the MQH diet had lower DM, ME, and CP intake and gained less weight than calves from the other experimental groups. Feeding the HQH diet resulted in similar CP and ME intake and growth performance compared with calves receiving diets containing concentrates. Furthermore, feeding the HQH diet improved the ATTD of NDF, resulting in similar ATTD of organic matter with the HQH(+)C and MQH(+)C groups. Interestingly, calves fed the HQH(+)C diet showed less sorting for concentrate, compared with the MQH(+)C group. Concentration of blood metabolites, including glucose, lactate, insulin, nonesterified fatty acids, triglycerides, and total protein, did not differ after the first week of life. However, serum beta-hydroxybutyrate was higher in calves fed the HQH diet starting from wk 11. Both groups fed the hay-only diets maintained higher cholesterol levels after weaning compared with the groups fed hay-concentrate mixtures. In conclusion, feeding high-quality hay can fully replace starter concentrates in the feeding of dairy calves without adverse effects on performance during the rearing period, while increasing forage fiber intake and utilization, which enhanced ruminal ketogenesis and cholesterogenesis around weaning. Further research is needed to evaluate long-term effects of feeding high-quality hay on health and development of dairy calves, especially in terms of the observed improvements in ruminal ketogenesis and cholesterogenesis around weaning.
Immunological and haematological responses in calves supplemented with organic chromium and offered different calf milk replacers; Holstein x Friesian calves (n=100), purchased at auction marts at about 21 days of age, were used to investigate the effects of supplementation with organic chromium on mitogen-induced blastogenesis of isolated peripheral blood mononuclear cells and specific haematological variables. Calves were allocated randomly to one of five different milk replacers; skim milk, whey-based soyabean isolate Brand A, whey-based soyabean isolate Brand B, whey-based enzyme processed soya Brand C, and whey-based enzyme processed soya Brand D. Within each milk replacer treatment, 10 calves received a daily supplementation of organic Cr equivalent to 250 mg/kg dry matter intake. Neither average daily gain or the required frequency of antibiotic treatments were affected by Cr supplementation or type of calf milk replacer. Following supplementation with organic Cr for 63 days no significant changes were detected between treatments in plasma cholesterol, glucose, triacylglycerol (TRIG), high density lipoprotein (HDL), low density lipoprotein (LDL), non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxy butyrate (BHB), total white cell counts (TWC), granulocyte numbers, monocyte numbers or lymphocyte numbers. Plasma creatinine concentration was significantly higher (P<0.05) in the unsupplemented calves compared to those supplemented with Cr. Cr supplementation enhanced the lymphocyte blastogenic response in healthy calves but had no major effect on physiological responses irrespective of the type of calf milk replacer that was offered.
The Effects of an Olive Fruit Polyphenol-Enriched Yogurt on Body Composition, Blood Redox Status, Physiological and Metabolic Parameters and Yogurt Microflora; In the present study we investigated the effects of an olive polyphenol-enriched yogurt on yogurt microflora, as well as hematological, physiological and metabolic parameters, blood redox status and body composition. In a randomized double-blind, crossover design, 16 (6 men, 10 women) nonsmoking volunteers with non-declared pathology consumed either 400 g of olive fruit polyphenol-enriched yogurt with 50 mg of encapsulated olive polyphenols (experimental condition-EC) or 400 g of plain yogurt (control condition CC) every day for two weeks. Physiological measurements and blood collection were performed before and after two weeks of each condition. The results showed that body weight, body mass index, hip circumference and systolic blood pressure decreased significantly (p < 0.05) following the two-week consumption of yogurt regardless of condition. A tendency towards significance for decreased levels of low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (p = 0.06) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (p < 0.05) following two weeks of polyphenol-enriched yogurt consumption was observed. The population of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) and production of lactate in yogurt were significantly enhanced after addition of olive polyphenols, contrary to the population of yeasts and molds. The results indicate that consumption of the polyphenol-enriched yogurt may help individuals with non-declared pathology reduce body weight, blood pressure, LDL cholesterol levels and lipid peroxidation, and promote growth of beneficial LAB.
Dietary Habits of Type 2 Diabetes Patients: Variety and Frequency of Food Intake; The objective of the present study was to observe the dietary patterns and food frequencies of type 2 diabetes patients attending the clinics of the Family Practice Center of the University of Sri Jayewardenepura, located in a highly urbanized area in Sri Lanka. An interviewer administered questionnaire based cross-sectional study was conducted among randomly selected 100 type 2 diabetes patients [age 35-70 years; mean age 55 +/- 9 (males = 44; females = 56)]. The data were analyzed by SPSS version 18.0 software. Vegetables, fatty foods, and poultry consumption were in accordance with the national guidelines. A significant percentage (45.5%) consumed rice mixed meals for all three meals and only 67% consumed fruits at least once a day. Majority (71%) consumed full-cream milk and sugar intake (77%) was in accordance with the guidelines. Noncaloric sweetener usage was nonexistent. Daily green leafy vegetable intake and the quantity consumed were inadequate to obtain beneficial effects. From the study population, 44% [females 50%; males 36%] of the patients were either overweight or obese. However, only 60% of those patients accepted that they were either overweight or obese. Only 14% exercised daily while 69% never exercised. Study revealed the importance of educating patients with type 2 diabetes on dietary changes and more importantly the involvement in regular physical exercises.
Effects of two models of nutritional intervention on homebound older adults at nutritional risk; Objective To test the feasibility of two models of home meal delivery with Meals-on-Wheels (MOW) applicants who were identified as being malnourished or "at-risk" as determined by the validated Mini Nutritional Assessment (MNA). Design A 6-month, prospective comparative study of two nutrition intervention models with data collection at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. Randomized treatment assignment was followed, with a few exceptions linked to particular client circumstances. Subjects A total of 203 older adults (age range=60 to 90 years) newly applying for homebound meal service were enrolled. At baseline, the body mass index (BMI) was 26.3+/-7.2 (mean +/-SD) in the "Traditional" MOW model (10 1 subjects including 30 malnourished), and the BMI was 27.6+/-9.0 in the "New" MOW model (102 subjects including 26 malnourished) (P=ns). Intervention Study participants received either the Traditional MOW program of five hot meals per week, meeting 33% of the Daily Reference Intake (DRI) or the restorative, comprehensive New MOW program of three meals and two snacks per day, 7 days a week, meeting 100% of the DRI. Assessments Were conducted in the home of the participants. Main outcome measures The MNA was used to evaluate nutritional risk and status of participants at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. Standardized functional impairment scales, Activities of Daily Living (ADL), and Instrumental Activities of, Dairy Living (IADL) evaluated limitations in activities of daily living and life management skills. Statistical analysis Comparisons be tween treatment groups were calculated with t tests or Wilcoxon rank-sum test's when appropriate. Comparisons among time. periods between treatment groups were conducted with repeated measures analysis of variance. A general linear model was used to evaluate,the relationship between change in functional status and BMI, controlling for sex. Results The New MOW group gained significantly more weight between baseline and 3 months than did the Traditional MOW group (2.78 lb vs - 1.46 lb, respectively, P=.0120) and Again between baseline and 6 months (4.30 lb vs - 1.72 lb, respectively, P =. 0004). MNA improved faster in the New MOW group. Functional change appeared to be related more to BMI and age than to treatment intervention. The malnourished participants in both groups took longer to affect positive change in nutrition measurements, with the New MOW group showing the most improvement over the 6-month measurement period. Both delivery models were well accepted. Conclusions Applicants for home meal delivery have varying nutrition needs. By addressing nutritional risk, interventions can be targeted to meet these needs. A new, restorative, comprehensive meal program improved nutritional status and decreased nutritional risk and can possibly impact independence and functionality.
Nutritional effect of calcium supplementation by skim milk powder or calcium tablets on total nutrient intake in postmenopausal women; The effect of different types of calcium supplements on total nutrient intake has not been studied. The effect of dietary calcium supplementation (calcium tablets or skim milk powder) on nutrient intake in 64 postmenopausal women was studied in a 4-y longitudinal study consisting of 2 y of intervention and 2 y of follow-up. Subjects also received advice on how to reduce their consumption of high-fat and cholesterol-rich foods. Analysis of 4-d weighed diet records at 1 y showed that calcium intakes from the milk-powder supplement (1618 +/- 213 mg) and calcium tablets (1718 +/- 257 mg) were above recommended dietary intakes (RDI), and dietary fat intake and plasma cholesterol were significantly reduced compared with baseline values. The subjects supplemented with milk powder had higher intakes of several nutrients, including protein and zinc, compared with the subjects given calcium tablets. A greater proportion of subjects using the milk-powder supplement achieved greater than or equal to 70% of the RDI for zinc compared with tablet-supplemented subjects during the intervention study. Subjects were advised to continue with supplementation at the end of the intervention study. Thirty-nine subjects were available for follow-up. The mean (+/- SD) calcium intake for the milk-powder group (942 +/- 434 mg) was below the RDI and significantly lower than that of the calcium-tablet group (1346 +/- 512 mg). These data suggest that advice on dietary calcium supplementation and fat reduction had a beneficial effect on the nutrient intakes of postmenopausal women but compliance outside of a control trial by women taking calcium tablets was higher than that by women taking milk powder. Thus, strategies to encourage women to increase calcium intake can be introduced without significant deleterious effects on other aspects of the diet.
The appetizing effect of an aperitif in overweight and normal-weight humans; Background: Epidemiologic studies have shown alcohol consumption to be inversely as well as positively related to body weight and body fat. Metabolic studies have shown an increase in energy intake as well as compensation after alcohol consumption. Objective: Our objective was to assess the effects on energy intake of an aperitif compared with those of a water appetizer and 3 fruit juice appetizers. Design: Fifty-two men and women aged 20-45 y with a body mass index (in kg/m(2)) between 20 and 32 were randomly given 1 MJ (340 mL) alcohol (wine or beer), fat (cream fruit juice), protein (protein fruit juice), carbohydrate (grape juice), or water, or no preload 30 min before an ad libitum lunch consumed from the universal eating monitor. Results: Energy intake (3.5 +/- 0.3 MJ compared with 2.7 +/- 0.2 MJ, P < 0.001) and eating rate were higher (44 +/- 3 g/min compared with 38 +/- 3 g/min, P < 0.01), meal duration was longer(14 min compared with 12.0 min, P < 0.01), satiation started to increase later (3.5 min compared with 1.5 min, P < 0.01), and eating was prolonged after maximum satiation (2.5 min compared with 0.6 min, P < 0.01) after an aperitif than after a fat, protein, or carbohydrate appetizer,. Twenty-four-hour energy intake was higher on a day that an aperitif was consumed than after water or no preload. Conclusion: Twenty-four-hour energy intake was elevated with a l-MJ aperitif but not with a l-MJ liquid carbohydrate, fat, or protein appetizer.
FAT AND ALCOHOL INTAKE IN THE BASQUE COUNTRY; A cross-sectional nutritional survey was carried out in the Basque Country, on a random sample of the population aged 25-60 years (n = 2348). Socioeconomic data, anthropometric measurements and food consumption data were collected. 24-h recall on three non-consecutive days plus a food frequency questionnaire were used for dietary assessment. The participation rate was 73.4%. Mean energy intake for men was 2944 kcal and 2049 kcal for women, decreasing with age. Energy distribution pattern (non-alcohol) showed 16% from protein; 38% from fat: 13% SFA; 16% MUFA and 9% PUFA; carbohydrates supplied 46% energy. Alcohol intake was 8%. Better-educated people had higher intakes of SFA, cholesterol and sugar (P < 0.001). Consumption of meat (162 g/person/d) and fish (89 person/d) were high. Cereals and potatoes were the main sources of energy in the Basque diet (23.24%) followed by meat, fish and eggs (20%). Percentage contribution to energy intake from meat was higher in men than in women, and also energy intake from alcohol. Women obtain more energy from milk. Edible fat was the main source of fat in the diet (46%) followed by meat (22%). Milk products and meat are the main sources of SFA in the Basque diet. Males had a high intake of alcohol, especially in the 35-44-year age group. Alcohol consumers usually drink every day and often not in the home.
Effect of microbial cell preparation on renal profile and liver function among type 2 diabetics: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The beneficial effect of probiotics on renal profile and liver function has been reported among patients with chronic kidney disease and fatty liver respectively. However, its effect on renal profile and liver function among type 2 diabetic individuals has not been fully understood. To investigate the effect of microbial cell preparation on renal profile and liver function tests among type 2 diabetic individuals. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, controlled clinical trial was conducted on a total of 136 type 2 diabetics age 30-70 years old in a teaching hospital in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Subjects were randomly assigned to receive microbial cell preparation (N = 68) or a placebo (N = 68) for 12 weeks. The outcomes measured at baseline, week 6, and week 12 and included changes in renal profile (Sodium, Potassium, Urea, Creatinine, Glomerular Filtration Rate), and liver function tests (Albumin, Total Protein, Alkaline Phosphatase, Alanine Aminotransferase, Aspartate Aminotransferase). Intention to treat (ITT) analysis was performed on all the recruited subjects, while per protocol (PP) analysis was conducted on those who completed the trial with good compliance. Result: The urea levels significantly declined in the probiotic group. Serum urea levels reduced from 4.26 mmol/L to 4.04 mmol/L in Probiotic Group while it increased in Placebo Group from 4.03 mmol/L to 4.24 mmol/L. These changes were significant between groups in ITT analysis (p = 0.018). Other parameters did not change significantly between groups. Conclusion: 12 weeks supplementation with daily dosage of 6 x 10(10) Colony Forming Units of multi-strain microbial cell preparation significantly improved urea levels.
Daily consumption of vitamin D- or vitamin D plus calcium-fortified yogurt drink improved glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial; Background: Low serum concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] have been associated with impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes. Objective: This study aimed to compare the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-or vitamin D-3 + calcium-fortified yogurt drink on glycemic status in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Design: Ninety diabetic subjects were randomly allocated to 3 groups to consume plain yogurt drink (PY; containing no vitamin D and 150 mg Ca/250 mL), vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (DY; containing 500 IU vitamin D3 and 150 mg Ca/250 mL), or vitamin D + calcium-fortified yogurt drink (DCY; containing 500 IU vitamin D3 and 250 mg Ca/250 mL) twice per day for 12 wk. Fasting serum glucose (FSG), glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), serum lipid profile, and percentage fat mass (FM) were assessed before (baseline) and after the intervention. Results: In both the DY and DCY groups, mean serum 25(OH) D3 improved (+32.8 +/- 28.4 and +28.8 +/- 16.1 nmol/L, respectively; P < 0.001 for both), but FSG [-12.9 +/- 33.7 mg/dL (P = 0.015) and -9.6 +/- 46.9 mg/dL (P = 0.035)], Hb A(1c) [-0.4 +/- 1.2% (P < 0.001) and -0.4 +/- 1.9% (P < 0.001)], HOMA-IR [-0.6 +/- 1.4 (P = 0.001) and -0.6 +/- 3.2 (P < 0.001)], waist circumference (-3.6 +/- 2.7 and -2.9 +/- 3.3; P < 0.001 for both), and body mass index [in kg/m(2); -0.9 +/- 0.6 (P < 0.001) and -0.4 +/- 0.7 (P = 0.005)] decreased significantly more than in the PY group. An inverse correlation was observed between changes in serum 25(OH) D-3 and FSG (r = -0.208, P = 0.049), FM (r = -0.219, P = 0.038), and HOMA-IR (r = -0.219, P = 0.005). Conclusion: Daily intake of a vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, either with or without added calcium, improved glycemic status in T2D patients. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01229891. Am J Clin Nutr 2011;93:764-71.
Legume and soy intake and risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: Previous findings on the associations of legume and soy intake with the risk of type 2 diabetes are conflicting. Objective: We aimed to summarize the longitudinal associations between legume and soy intake and risk of type 2 diabetes. Methods: We searched for relevant prospective cohort studies in PubMed, EMBASE, and Ovid up to August 2019. Study-specific, multivariable-adjusted RRs and 95% CIs were pooled by random-effects models. Results: We identified 15 unique cohorts including 565,810 individuals and 32,093 incident cases. The summary RRs (95% CIs) of incident type 2 diabetes were 0.95 (0.79, 1.14; NS) for total legumes, 0.83 (0.68, 1.01; NS) for total soy, 0.89 (0.71, 1.11; NS) for soy milk, 0.92 (0.84, 0.99) for tofu, 0.84 (0.75, 0.95) for soy protein, and 0.88 (0.81, 0.96) for soy isoflavones, respectively. High heterogeneity was found for total legumes (I-2 = 84.8%), total soy (I-2 = 90.8%), and soy milk (I-2 = 91.7%). Potential sources of heterogeneity were not evident for total legumes or soy milk, whereas for total soy, geographic location (Asia, United States; P = 0.04) and study quality (high, moderate, or low; P = 0.02) significantly predicted heterogeneity. In dose-response analysis, significant linear inverse associations were observed for tofu, soy protein, and soy isoflavones (all P < 0.05). Overall quality of evidence was rated as moderate for total legumes and low for total soy and soy subtypes. Conclusions: Dietary intakes of tofu, soy protein, and soy isoflavones, but not total legumes or total soy, are inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes. Our findings support recommendations to increase intakes of certain soy products for the prevention of type 2 diabetes. However, the overall quality of evidence was low and more high-quality evidence from prospective studies is needed. This trial was registered as PROSPERO CRD42019126403 (https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO).
An urea, arginine and carnosine based cream (Ureadin Rx Db ISDIN) shows greater efficacy in the treatment of severe xerosis of the feet in Type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with glycerol-based emollient cream. A randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial; Background: Xerosis is a common skin disorder frequently observed in diabetic patients.An effective hydration of foot skin in diabetics is a relevant preventive strategy in order to maintain a healthy foot.Urea is considered an effective hydrating and emollient topical product.The aim of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy of topical urea 5% with arginine and carnosine (Ureadin Rx Db, ISDIN Spain) (UC) in comparison with glycerol-based emollient topical product (Dexeryl, Pierre Fabre) (EC), in Type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: We assessed the effect of UC on skin hydration in a randomized, evaluator-blinded comparative study in 40 type II diabetic patients, aged 40-75 years, treated with UC or the comparator for 28 days with a twice-daily application.The principal outcomes were the Dryness Area Severity Index (DASI) Score and the Visual Analogue Score (VAS) for skin dryness evaluated at baseline and at the end of study period by an investigator unaware of treatment allocation. Results: UC induced significantly greater hydration than EC with an 89% reduction in DASI score (from 1.6 to 0.2; p < 0.001) in comparison with baseline values.After 4 weeks, compared with the control group, DASI score in UC treated group was significantly lower (0.2 vs.1.0; p = 0.048).VAS score (high values mean better hydration) significantly increased in both groups during treatment.VAS score at the end of treatment period was significantly higher in UC group in comparison with EC group (9.8 vs.8.2; p = 0.05). Conclusion: Application of urea 5%, arginine and carnosine cream increases skin hydration and alleviates the condition of skin dryness in Type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with a control glycerol-based emollient product. (Dutch Trials Register trial number 3328).
Immunometabolic Status during the Peripartum Period Is Enhanced with Supplemental Zn, Mn, and Cu from Amino Acid Complexes and Co from Co Glucoheptonate; The peripartum (or transition) period is the most-critical phase in the productive life of lactating dairy cows and optimal supply of trace minerals through more bioavailable forms could minimize the negative effects associated with this phase. Twenty Holstein cows received a common prepartal diet and postpartal diet. Both diets were partially supplemented with an inorganic (INO) mix of Zn, Mn, and Cu to supply 35, 45, and 6 ppm, respectively, of the diet dry matter (DM). Cows were assigned to treatments in a randomized completed block design, receiving an daily oral bolus with INO or organic trace minerals (AAC) Zn, Mn, Cu, and Co to achieve 75, 65, 11, and 1 ppm supplemental, respectively, in the diet DM. Liver tissue and blood samples were collected throughout the experiment. The lower glutamic-oxaloacetic transaminase concentration after 15 days in milk in AAC cows indicate lower hepatic cell damage. The concentration of cholesterol and albumin increased, while IL-6 decreased over time in AAC cows compared with INO indicating a lower degree of inflammation and better liver function. Although the acute-phase protein ceruloplasmin tended to be lower in AAC cows and corresponded with the reduction in the inflammatory status, the tendency for greater serum amyloid A concentration in AAC indicated an inconsistent response on acute-phase proteins. Oxygen radical absorbance capacity increased over time in AAC cows. Furthermore, the concentrations of nitric oxide, nitrite, nitrate, and the ferric reducing ability of plasma decreased with AAC indicating a lower oxidative stress status. The expression of IL10 and ALB in liver tissue was greater overall in AAC cows reinforcing the anti-inflammatory response detected in plasma. The greater overall expression of PCK1 in AAC cows indicated a greater gluconeogenic capacity, and partly explained the greater milk production response over time. Overall, feeding organic trace minerals as complexed with amino acids during the transition period improved liver function and decreased inflammation and oxidative stress.
Can we decrease the skin reaction in breast cancer patients using hyaluronic acid during radiation therapy? Results of phase III randomised trial; Purpose: Radio-induced early skin reactions still remain a clinical challenge. Preliminary results with Hyaluronic acid, one of the most recent topical products used in this indication are proving interesting. To evaluate the efficacy of Hyaluronic acid compared to placebo. Material and methods: Breast cancer patients with grade 1-2 radio-induced dermatitis during postoperative radiotherapy were eligible. They were randomised to receive either hyaluronic acid (A) or a simple emollient (B). The primary endpoint was the clinical evaluation of the erythema (success versus failure). Secondary endpoints were the evaluation of skin colorimetry, pain, and quality of life. Results: Two-hundred patients were enroled (A = 99, B = 101). Ninety-five patients per treatment arm could be evaluated. Failures occurred in 23 patients (24%) in the hyaluronic acid arm, and 32 (34%) in the emollient arm (p = 0.15). Seventy-three patients (36.5%) prematurely stopped the treatment without any ensuing difference between the two arms. Body mass index and the size of the epithelitis were both independently associated with the failure of the local treatment. The relative reduction of colorimetric levels was 20% in the hyaluronic acid group, and 13% in the emollient group (p = 0.46). Concerning the quality of life assessment, there was a trend towards a lower level of pain in patients receiving hyaluronic acid (p = 0.053). Conclusions: The present study showed no significant difference between hyaluronic acid and simple emollient in the treatment of acute radio-induced dermatitis. There was however a trend towards an improvement in both pain level and skin colorimetry. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. Radiotherapy and Oncology 100 (2011) 205-209
Dairy products and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background: The association between intake of dairy products and the risk of type 2 diabetes has been investigated in several studies, but the evidence is not conclusive. Objective: We conducted an updated systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of dairy product intake and the risk of type 2 diabetes. Design: We searched the PubMed database for prospective cohort and nested case-control studies of dairy product intake and risk of type 2 diabetes up to 5 June 2013. Summary RRs were estimated by use of a random-effects model. Results: Seventeen cohort studies were included in the meta-analysis. In the dose-response analysis, the summary RRs (95% CIs) were 0.93 (0.87, 0.99; I-2 = 33%) per 400 g total dairy products/d (n = 12), 0.98 (0.94, 1.03; I-2 = 8%) per 200 g high-fat dairy products/d (n = 9), 0.91 (0.86, 0.96; I-2 = 40%) per 200 g low-fat dairy products/d (n = 9), 0.87 (0.72, 1.04; I-2 = 94%) per 200 g milk/d (n = 7), 0.92 (0.86, 0.99; I-2 = 0%) per 50 g cheese/d (n = 8), and 0.78 (0.60, 1.02; I-2 = 70%) per 200 g yogurt/d (n = 7). Nonlinear inverse associations were observed for total dairy products (P-nonlinearity < 0.0001), low-fat dairy products (P-nonlinearity = 0.06), cheese (P-nonlinearity = 0.05), and yogurt (P-nonlinearity = 0.004), and there was a flattening of the curve at higher intakes. Conclusions: This meta-analysis suggests that there is a significant inverse association between intakes of dairy products, low-fat dairy products, and cheese and risk of type 2 diabetes. Any additional studies should assess the association between other specific types of dairy products and the risk of type 2 diabetes and adjust for more confounding factors.
Effects of forage quantity and access-time restriction on feeding behaviour, feed efficiency, nutritional status, and dairy performance of dairy cows fed indoors; Optimising feed is a key challenge for dairy livestock systems, as forage stock shortages are increasingly frequent and feed is the biggest operating cost. The aim of this experiment was to evaluate the effects of reducing forage quantity and access time on dairy performance and animal nutritional status during indoor feeding. Twenty-seven Montbeliarde and Holstein cows were randomly allocated to three groups of nine cows balanced by breed, parity, days in milk, and milk yield. The three groups were given 3.9 kg DM/day of second-cut hay and 4.5 kg/day of concentrate and either i) ad libitum access to first-cut hay (Ad Libitum group; AL), ii) 10.5 kg/day of first-cut hay (Quantity-restricted group; QR), or iii) 10.5 kg/day of first-cut hay but with access time restricted to only 2 h in the morning and 2 h in the afternoon (Quantity-and-Time-restricted group; QTR). Milk yield, composition and coagulation properties, cow nutritional status (weight, body condition score, blood metabolites) and cow activities were recorded. The AL group ingested 10 % more feed than the QR group and 16 % more feed than the QTR group. Organic matter digestibility was lower in the AL group than in the QR and QTR groups whereas feed efficiency did not differ. Milk yield was not significantly different among the three groups. Compared to the QR and QTR groups, the AL group had significantly higher milk fat (35.9 vs 32.9 and 32.8 g/kg of milk) and milk protein content (29.5 vs 27.7 and 28.5 g/kg of milk). QR and QTR cows mobilised their body fat, resulting in a lower final body condition score, and tended to have a lower blood non-esterified fatty acid concentration than the AL group. QTR cows showed greater body fat mobilisation, but their final corrected BW was not different from AL cows. Access-time restriction did not impact fat and protein content but led to decreased casein, lactose contents and casein-to-whey protein ratio. The forage savings achieved through this feed management practice could prove economically substantial when forage prices increase. This practice can be of interest in grassland systems to overcome certain climatic hazards without having to resort to purchases or to increase the farm's forage autonomy. (c) 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Animal Consortium. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Effect of crude degummed canola oil and <i>ad libitum</i> grazing on plasma metabolites of primiparous Holstein-Friesian cows in a pasture-based system; Background: The supplementation of fat to lactating dairy cows has long been used as a management tool to increase dietary energy density for improving cow production, reproduction and to alleviate negative energy balance. Attempts have been made to investigate the effect of canola meal on plasma metabolites in lactating cows, but the results have been diverse and inconsistent. To our current knowledge, there is a dearth of published information on the utilization of Crude Degummed Canola Oil (CDCO) in pasture-based dairy systems. Therefore, the objective of this study was to investigate the changes in plasma metabolite profiles of pasture-based, primiparous, Holstein-Friesian cows supplemented with varying dietary levels of CDCO for eight weeks. The study tested the hypothesis that feeding grazing primiparous Holstein-Friesian cows for eight weeks with incremental levels of CDCO supplement will decrease plasma non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), but increase plasma cholesterol and glucose metabolites. Results: Twenty lactating primiparous Holstein-Friesian cows 40 days in milk were randomly allotted into four treatment groups that consisted of a wheat-based, pelleted basal diet with no supplemental CDCO (control), basal diet with CDCO added at 25 ml/kgDM (DM; dry matter) (low), 35 ml/kgDM (medium) and 50 ml/kgDM (high) in an eight-week feeding trial, after two weeks of adjustment. Treatment influenced BHBA but had no effect on plasma NEFA, cholesterol and glucose metabolite profiles (P > 0.05). However, week of supplementation had a significant effect (P < 0.05) on BHBA, NEFA and glucose concentrations. Conclusions: We concluded that with the exception of BHBA, CDCO at current levels of supplementation does not alter the plasma metabolite profiles of grazing primiparous cows. The lack of significant differences across treatments seems to indicate that higher levels of CDCO than the current levels used in this study, are probably needed. Furthermore, the duration of supplementation with CDCO had a greater impact on plasma metabolites than the levels of supplementation. Our findings also suggest that primiparous cows grazing high quality pastures during spring have sufficient energy intakes to prevent negative energy balance at 40 days in milk without the need for added fat supplements.
Blood profiles in dairy cows with displaced abomasum; An observational study was carried out in Swedish dairy herds to investigate differences between cows with and without displaced abomasum (DA), in concentrations of glucose, insulin, fructosamine, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate, cholesterol, haptoglobin, increased enzyme activity of aspartate aminotransferase and glutamate dehydrogenase, and the revised Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (RQUICKI). A secondary aim was to study how blood profiles for DA cows vary with time in relation to calving. Sixty-nine DA cows within 2 to 56 d postpartum, in 60 herds, were clinically examined and blood samples were drawn at the time DA. was diagnosed. At the same time, 104 healthy control cows matched by herd and stage of lactation were also sampled. The blood parameters were studied using mixed linear models, including herd as a. random effect, and DA (case or control), parity, breed, sampling time in relation to calving, other diseases, and the interaction between DA and time as fixed effects. Concentrations were higher in DA cows than in control cows for NEFA (least squares means 1.36 vs. 0.34 mmol/L), beta-hydroxybutyrate (1.56 vs. 0.90 mmol/L), aspartate aminotransferase (1.96 vs. 0.97 mu kat/L), glutamate dehydrogenase (197 vs. 78 mu kat/L), and haptoglobin (0.76 vs. 0.17 g/L), whereas concentrations were lower in DA cows than in control cows for insulin (3.61 vs. 8.48 mU/L) and cholesterol (3.04 vs. 3.75 mmol/L). Glucose (2.83 vs. 2.79 mmol/L) and fructosamine (266 vs. 252 mu mol/L,) concentrations were similar in both groups; however, a, tendency toward lower RQUICKI: values (0.42 vs. 0.46) in the DA cows was found, indicating reduced insulin sensitivity. For most blood parameters, differences between DA cows and controls remained constant over time. Seventy-two percent of the DA cows had at least one other disease in the period from 1 wk antepartum to 1 wk after the DA was diagnosed. Haptoglobin could potentially be used to detect treatable infectious or inflammatory conditions in the early postpartum period, possibly reducing the incidence of DA. Consequently, there were major changes in blood profiles in cows with DA compared with healthy control cows, indicating a negative energy balance, liver cell damage, and an inflammatory response. The results contribute to an understanding of the, metabolic changes in DA cows.
Lactotripeptides do not lower ambulatory blood pressure in untreated whites: results from 2 controlled multicenter crossover studies; Background: Dietary factors directly influence blood pressure (BP). The lactotripeptides (LTPs) IPP (isoleucine-proline-proline) and VPP (valine-proline-proline), formed by hydrolyzing dairy proteins, and potassium, a mineral mainly found in fruit, vegetables, and dairy products, are extensively studied for their BP-lowering effect. The efficacy of LTPs seems modest in whites compared with that in Asians. Objective: The objective was to study the effects of enzymatically produced LTPs alone or in combination with potassium on ambulatory BP in whites. Design: Two multicenter, placebo-controlled, randomized, crossover studies were conducted; each consisted of two 4-wk intervention periods separated by a 4-wk washout period. In study 1, 69 subjects received 200 g/d of a dairy drink with 5.8 mg IPP and 4.4 mg VPP or placebo. In study 2, 93 subjects received 100 g/d of a dairy drink with 2.7 mg IPP, 1.9 mg VPP, and 350 mg added K or placebo. The subjects were randomly assigned according to their daytime ambulatory BP. Results: Mean 24-h systolic and diastolic BP (baseline values-study 1: 137.1/81.6 mm Hg; study 2: 139.2/80.9 mm Hg) remained similar with no significant differences between treatments in either study (P > 0.10). Office BP decreased over the course of both studies (systolic BP > 5 mm Hg), but differences between interventions were not significant (P > 0.10). In both studies, nighttime BP dipped during all treatments (>= 15%) but was statistically more significant with placebo (P < 0.05). Sodium excretion increased significantly after consumption of LTPs and potassium compared with after placebo intervention (P = 0.01), but not after consumption of LTPs alone. Conclusion: The data do not support a BP-lowering effect of LTPs in whites. Am J Clin Nutr 2009; 89: 617-23.
Metformin in pregnancy and lactation; Metformin improves insulin sensitivity and reduces hepatic glucose output in patients with diabetes. It offers potential benefits for pregnant women with gestational or type 2 diabetes because both conditions are associated with increased insulin resistance. Some cohort data are available and randomised trials are currently in progress to compare metformin with insulin, but strong evidence is not yet available to guide management. There are no long-term follow-up data to provide reassurance about the safety of metformin, given its passage across the placenta, although recent evidence suggests that there is no significant risk of teratogenesis. Limited amounts of metformin are transferred into breast milk, but the risk of neonatal hypoglycaemia is negligible.
Altered Dairy Protein Intake Does Not Alter Circulatory Branched Chain Amino Acids in Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Dairy, as a major component of a high protein diet, is a critical dietary source of branched chain amino acids (BCAA), which are biomarkers of health and diseases. While BCAA are known to be key stimulators of protein synthesis, elevated circulatory BCAA is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study examined the impact of altered dairy intake on plasma BCAA and their potential relationship to insulin sensitivity. Healthy adults (n = 102) were randomized to receive dietary advice to reduce, maintain, or increase habitual dairy intake for 1 month. Food intake was recorded with food frequency questionnaires. Self-reported protein intake from dairy was reported to be reduced (-14.6 +/- 3.0 g/day), maintained (-4.0 +/- 2.0 g/day) or increased (+13.8 +/- 4.1 g/day) according to group allocation. No significant alterations in circulating free amino acids (AA), including BCAA, were measured. Insulin sensitivity, as assessed by homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), was also unaltered. A significant change in dairy protein intake showed no significant effect on fasting circulatory BCAA and insulin sensitivity in healthy populations.
Lactic-fermented egg white reduced serum cholesterol concentrations in mildly hypercholesterolemic Japanese men: a double-blind, parallel-arm design; Background: Lactic-fermented egg white (LE), produced by lactic acid fermentation of egg white, is an easy-toconsume form of egg white. Here we assessed the effect of daily consumption of LE for 8 weeks on serum total cholesterol (TC) levels. Methods: The study followed a double-blind, parallel-arm design and included 88 adult men with mild hypercholesterolemia (mean +/- standard error) serum TC levels, 229 +/- 1.6 mg/dL; range, 204-259 mg/dL). The subjects were randomly divided into three groups, which consumed LE containing 4, 6, or 8 g of protein daily for 8 weeks. Blood samples were collected before starting LE consumption (baseline) and at 4 and 8 weeks to measure serum TC and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Results: After 8 weeks of consumption, serum TC levels in the 8 g group decreased by 11.0 +/- 3.7 mg/dL, a significant decrease compared to baseline (p < 0.05) and a significantly greater decrease than for the 4 g group (3.1 +/- 3.4 mg/dL; p < 0.05). Serum LDL-C levels in the 8 g group decreased by 13.7 +/- 3.1 mg/dL, again a significant decrease compared with baseline (p < 0.05) and a significantly greater decrease than that for the 4 g group (2.1 +/- 2.9 mg/dL; p < 0.05). Conclusion: Consumption of LE for 8 weeks at a daily dose of 8 g of proteins reduced serum TC and LDL-C levels in men with mild hypercholesterolemia, suggesting this may be effective in helping to prevent arteriosclerotic diseases. Trial registration: This clinical trial was retrospectively registered with the Japan Medical Association Center for Clinical Trials, (JMA-IIA00279; registered on 13/03/ 2017; https://dbcentre3.jmacct.med.or.jp/JMACTR/App/JMACTRE02_04/JMACTRE02_04.aspx?kbn=3&seqno=6530).
Functional foods in the management of obesity and type 2 diabetes; Purpose of review The aim of this article is to evaluate food properties able to influence specific physiological targets that maybe helpful for the prevention and management of overweight and diabetes. Recent findings Observational and intervention studies have clearly shown that type 2 diabetes can be prevented by lifestyle measures, including reduced energy intake to induce a modest but sustained weight reduction, together with changes in diet composition. Summary Foods can be regarded as functional if proven to affect beneficially one or more target functions in the body, beyond adequate nutritional effects, in a way relevant to improved state of health and well-being, reduction of risk of diseases, or both. Functional foods might have a particularly high impact for prevention or treatment of overweight and diabetes for which, more than in many other fields, the link between nutrition, biological responses and diseases is clearly established. Functional foods for obesity should be able to influence the energy balance equation regulated by the control of energy intake or of energy dissipated as heat (thermogenesis). For prevention of type 2 diabetes, several unmodified foods with functional properties have already been identified (low saturated fat products, vegetables, fruit, wholegrain foods, low glycemic index starchy foods). Overall, the available evidence on functional foods so far identified in this field is incomplete: the major gap is the lack of diet-based intervention trials of sufficient duration to be relevant for the natural history of diseases like overweight and diabetes.
Establishment and verification of a nomogram prediction model of hypertension risk in Xinjiang Kazakhs; Hypertension is the main risk factor for cardiovascular and renal diseases. It is of great importance to develop effective risk prediction models to identify high-risk groups of hypertension. This study is to establish and verify a nomogram model for predicting the risk of hypertension among Kazakh herders in Xinjiang, China. This is a prospective cohort study. Totally, 5327 Kazakh herders from the Nanshan pastoral area of Xinjiang were enrolled. They were randomly divided into the modeling set of 3729 cases (70%) and the validation set of 1598 cases (30%). In the modeling set, univariate analysis, least absolute shrinkage and selection operator regression and multivariate Logistic regression were used to analyze the influencing factors of hypertension, and a nomogram prediction model was constructed. We then validated the model in the validation set, and evaluated the accuracy of the model using receiver operating characteristic and calibration curve. Based on univariate analysis, least absolute shrinkage and selection operator regression and multivariate logistic regression analysis, we identified 14 independent predictors of hypertension in the modeling set, including age, smoking, alcohol consumption, baseline body mass index, baseline diastolic blood pressure, baseline systolic blood pressure, daily salt intake, yak-butter intake, daily oil intake, fruit and vegetable intake, low-density lipoprotein, cholesterol, abdominal circumference, and family history. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of the modeling set and the verification set was 0.803 and 0.809, respectively. Moreover, the calibration curve showed a higher agreement between the nomogram prediction and the actual observation of hypertension. The risk prediction nomogram model has good predictive ability and could be used as an effective tool for the risk prediction of hypertension among Kazakh herders in Xinjiang.
Optimization of dietary protein and lipid levels for butter catfish, <i>Ompok bimaculatus</i> (Bloch, 1794) fingerlings: An appraisal on growth, body composition, digestive enzymes, and metabolic function; A completely randomized 3 x 3 factorial feeding trial was conducted to evaluate the effects of dietary protein and lipid levels on growth, feed utilization, body composition, and digestive as well as metabolic enzymes of the butter catfish (Ompok bimaculatus) fingerlings. Fish (average weight 0.66 +/- 0.12 g; 30 d) were fed nine experimental diets containing three protein levels (35%, 40%, 45%) and three lipid levels (5%, 10%, 15%) in triplicate groups for a period of 90 days. The formulated diets were named P35L05, P35L10, P35L15, P40L05, P40L10, P40L15, P45L05, P45L10, and P45L15 (P = Protein; L = Lipid) respectively. The results indicated no protein-sparing effect of lipid in O. bimaculatus fingerlings beyond 35% dietary protein. Overall, diets P40L5 and P35L10 had significantly (P < 0.05) higher SGR (% day(-1)) and lower FCR than other experimental groups. The highest weight gain (10.89 +/- 0.07 g) and carcass protein (16.71 +/- 0.2%) were recorded in fish fed diet P40L05. Increasing dietary lipid levels brought about an increase in carcass lipid in fish. Activities of alpha-amylase and acid-protease were decreased (except at 5% lipid), whereas alkaline-protease was increased with increasing dietary protein. An increase in pyruvate kinase (PK, glycolytic enzyme) activity and decrease in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD, lipogenic enzyme) activity were noticed with increasing dietary lipid content. A decrease in PK and increase in G6PD activities were observed with increasing dietary protein levels. Activities of the gluconeogenic enzymes (glucose-6-phosphatase, fructose-1,6-phosphatase) increased significantly (P < 0.05) with increasing dietary protein and lipid levels. Amino acid catabolizing enzymes, alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase, were slightly increased with increasing dietary protein levels. Considering growth, body composition, metabolic function, and survivability (>95%), the diet containing 40% crude protein with 5% lipid might be suggested as optimum for O. bimaculatus fingerlings under the tested conditions.
Hypoglycemic effect of camel milk powder in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Fresh camel milk was widely accepted to help to prevent and control of diabetes, especially in Africa, Middle East, and cooler dry areas of Asia. In this study, type 2 diabetic patients were enrolled to supplement with 10 g of camel milk powder twice a day for 4 weeks (n = 14), cow milk powder served as the placebo (n = 13). It was found that camel milk supplement decreased fasting blood glucose, 2-hr postprandial blood glucose, serum content of total cholesterol, resistin, and lipocalin-2. There was also a significant increase in serum content of osteocrin, amylin, and GLP-1in camel milk group, indicating an improvement on adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Camel milk powder supplement significantly enriched the relative abundance of Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1 and [Eubacterium]_eligens_group compared with cow milk after the 4-week intervention. This study suggested that camel milk powder can be used as a functional food help to treat type 2 diabetes.
Effects of probiotics supplement in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized trials; Background and objective: To objectively evaluate the effects of probiotics supplement on glycemic control and lipid metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Material and methods: The randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with regard to the probiotics or synbiotics for the treatment of T2DM were collected through retrieving 5 databases from their establishment to March 2016. After study selection, quality assessment and data extraction were performed by 2 authors independently; and STATA software was used for statistical analysis. The level of evidence was evaluated by applying the GRADE system. Results: Twelve RCTs involving 770 participants were enrolled. The results of the meta-analysis showed that probiotics could significantly reduce fasting blood glucose by -11.27 mg/dL (95% CI -21.76 to -0.79; P<.001) and serum insulin concentration by -2.36 mu U/mL (95% CI -4.01 to -0.72; P=.005), but with no significant reduction on HbA(1c) (-0.19%; 95% CI -0.49 to 0.12; P=.23). Probiotics could significantly reduce HOMA-IR of T2DM patients (-1.05; 95% CI -1.52 to -0.59; P<.001). Nevertheless, the effect on QUICKI was negligible (0.00; 95% CI -0.00 to 0.01; P=.27). Results also confirmed the significant lowering effect of probiotics on total cholesterol (-8.49 mg/dL; 95% CI -15.24 to -1.73; P=.014) and triglycerides (TG; -23.66 mg/dL; 95% CI -40.26 to -7.05; P<.001), as well as the elevating effect on HDL-c (3.92 mg/dL; 95% CI 2.14 to5.7; P<.01). However, there was no significant change on LDL-c (-0.84 mg/dL; 95% CI -5.84 to 4.17; P=.75). Subgroup analysis was conducted for 2 outcomes, that is, serum insulin concentration and TG, whose heterogeneity was too high. The results showed multiple species of probiotics had stronger reduction effect on serum insulin concentration (-3.32 mu U/mL; 95% CI -5.89 to -0.75; P=.001) and TG (-25.94 mg/dL; 95% CI -65.33 to 13.44; P<.001). In addition, it also suggested that only the duration of treatment for >= 8 weeks could significantly reduce TG by -24.47 mg/dL (95% CI -40.15 to -8.78; P=.001). The duration of treatment for <8 weeks didn't result in significant reduction on TG (-4.31 mg/dL; 95% CI -37.69 to 29.06; P=.8). Finally, all the evidences were at moderate and low levels according to the GRADE system. Conclusion: As a kind of the potential biotherapeutics in the management of T2DM, probiotics can improve glucose control and lipid metabolism. (C) 2017 Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Appropriate insulin regimes for type 2 diabetes - A multicenter randomized crossover study; OBJECTIVE - To directly compare the rate of hypoglycemia and metabolic control achieved on once-daily ultralente insulin administration with twice-daily NPH insulin administration in patients with type 2 diabetes. Patient treatment satisfaction and quality of life were also examined before and during each treatment. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A crossover study was performed involving five centers and 79 patients with type 2 diabetes (fasting blood glucose >8 mmol/l) with a 2-month run-in followed by two 6-month periods of either NPH or ultralente insulin administration. Patients were managed by a specialist nurse using a dosage adjustment protocol. RESULTS - HbA(1c) was lower with NPH insulin therapy during each of the 6-month periods (9.7 +/- 0.2 vs. 9.1 +/- 0.3 and 9.8 +/- 0.2 vs. 9.0 +/- 0.3 mmol/l; both P < 0.01). The difference was accounted for by higher evening glucose levels with ultralente insulin (fasting 8.2 +/- 0.3 vs. 8.2 +/- 0.3 mmol/l: 6:00 P.M. 11.5 +/- 0.4 vs. 10.6 +/- 0.4 mmol/l). Despite worse control, the total number of hypoglycemic episodes was greater with ultralente insulin (220 vs. 171), and hypoglycemic episodes requiring third-party assistance occurred almost entirely with ultralente (14 vs. 1). Treatment satisfaction scores increased more with NPH insulin compared with ultralente and rose further upon changing to NPH insulin, but fell upon changing to ultralente insulin. These changes were highly significant (P < 0.001). Diabetes quality of life improved on both regimens. CONCLUSIONS - These data clearly demonstrate the lower hypoglycemia rate, better glucose control, and greater treatment satisfaction accompanying therapy for type 2 diabetes with twice dairy NPH compared with once daily ultralente insulin.
Effect of probiotics on glucose metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: Our aim was to investigate the effects of probiotics on glucose metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus using a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials. Materials and methods: Online databases Embase, Web of Science, and PubMed were searched until August 2014 to identify eligible articles. Finally, 7 trials were included. Results: Probiotic consumption significantly changed fasting plasma glucose (FPG) by -15.92 mg/dL (95% confidence interval [CI], -29.75 to -2.09) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) by -0.54% (95% CI, -0.82 to -0.25) compared with control groups. Subgroup analysis was conducted to trials with non-yogurts control. Meta-analysis of trials with multiple species of probiotics found a significant reduction in FPG (weighted mean difference [WMD]: -35.41 mg/dL, 95% CI: -51.98 to -18.89). The duration of intervention for >= 8 weeks resulted in a significant reduction in FPG (WMD: -20.34 mg/dL, 95% CI: -35.92 to -4.76). Subgroup analysis of trials with species of probiotics did not result in a significant meta-analysis effect. Furthermore, the duration of intervention <8 weeks did not result in a significant reduction in FPG. The results also showed that probiotic therapy significantly decreased homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and insulin concentration (WMD: -1.08, 95% CI: -1.88 to -0.28; and WMD: -1.35 mIU/L, 95% CI: -2.38 to -0.31, respectively). Conclusions: The present meta-analysis suggests that consuming probiotics may improve glucose metabolism by a modest degree, with a potentially greater effect when the duration of intervention is weeks, or multiple species of probiotics are consumed. (C) 2016 The Lithuanian University of Health Sciences. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V.
Nutritional modulation of metabolic inflammation; Metabolic inflammation is a very topical area of research, wherein aberrations in metabolic and inflammatory pathways probably contribute to atherosclerosis, insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes. Metabolic insults arising from obesity promote inflammation, which in turn impedes insulin signalling and reverse cholesterol transport (RCT). Key cells in the process are metabolically activated macrophages, which up-regulate both pro-and anti-inflammatory pathways in response to lipid spillover from adipocytes. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) are regulators of cellular homeostasis that influence both inflammatory and metabolic pathways. Dietary fats, such as saturated fatty acids (SFAs), can differentially modulate metabolic inflammation. Palmitic acid, in particular, is a well-characterized nutrient that promotes metabolic inflammation via the NLRP3 (the nod-like receptor containing a pyrin domain) inflammasome, which is partly attributable to AMPK inhibition. Conversely, some unsaturated fatty acids are less potent agonists of metabolic inflammation. For example, monounsaturated fatty acid does not reduce AMPK as potently as SFA and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids actively resolve inflammation via resolvins and protectins. Nevertheless, the full extent to which nutritional state modulates metabolic inflammation requires greater clarification.
Vitamin D-Fortified Bread Is as Effective as Supplement in Improving Vitamin D Status: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Context: Bread can potentially be a suitable vehicle for fortification with vitamin D. Objective: This study was undertaken to evaluate the following: 1) the bioavailability of vitamin D from the fortified Iranian bread and 2) the possible effects of daily consumption of the fortified bread on certain health aspects. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted over 8 weeks in 90 healthy subjects aged 20-60 years. Intervention: Subjects were randomly allocated to one of three groups: 1) fortified bread (FP; 50 g bread fortified with 25 mu g vitamin D3 plus placebo daily; n = 30); 2) supplement (SP; 50g plain bread plus 25 mu g vitamin D supplement daily; n = 30); and 3) control (CP; 50 g plain bread plus placebo daily; n = 30). Outcome Measures: Initial and final anthropometric and biochemical assessments were performed. Results: The within-group changes of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations were 39.0 +/- 22.6 (P < .001), 28.9 +/- 31.2 (P < .001), and -9.2 +/- 12.3 nmol/L in the FP, SP, and CP groups, respectively. Only in FP and SP groups, serum intact PTH concentrations decreased approximately 13.5% and 14.5%, respectively. Visceral fat also showed a significant decrement in FP (-1.05% +/- 1.4%; P <= .001) and SP (-0.96% +/- 1.7%; P < .006). Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration showed a within-group reduction in FP (-10.4 +/- 11.2 mg/dL; P < .001) and an insignificant decrement in SP (-6.6 +/- 20.2 mg/dL; P = .083). Serum high-density lipoprotein increased in both vitamin D-supplemented groups (FP: 9.7 +/- 7.6 vs SP: 5.7 +/- 6.7 mg/dL; P < .001). Conclusion: Vitamin D-fortified bread could be potentially effective in raising circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels of the population to nearly adequate levels.
Effect of ewe's (semi-skimmed and whole) and cow's milk yogurt consumption on the lipid profile of control subjects: a crossover study; Yogurt is the most widely consumed fermented milk product worldwide. Studies have mainly used milk and dairy products from cow, which have a lower fat content than those from ewe and a different lipid profile. This study investigated the effect on the lipid profile of control subjects of three different set yogurts: (a) semi-skimmed ewe's milk yogurt (2.8% milk fat); (b) whole ewe's milk yogurt (5.8 % milk fat); (c) cow's milk yogurt (3 % milk fat). A randomized crossover study included 30 healthy adults (16 women) to consume 250 g/yogurt/day during three consecutive 5-weeks periods separated by 4-week washouts. Blood samples were collected at the start and end of each period for the analysis of serum cholesterol (total, HDL-, LDL-) and triglycerides. We found no differences in the serum concentrations of lipid and lipoprotein fractions of the volunteers after the intake of any of the three types of yogurts. When the volunteers were grouped into two risk groups of risk according to their total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio, the same differences between the groups in terms of the cholesterol (HDL-, LDL-) and triglyceride responses at baseline and after yogurt intake were found, with no effects due to the different types of yogurts. Moreover, we performed compositional analysis of the yogurts including determination of protein, fat, minerals and fatty acids (FA). Contents in protein, calcium, magnesium, nonprotein nitrogen and some FA (mainly short-chain-FA) were higher for ewe's than for cow's milk yogurt. n6-n3 ratio was lower in the ewe's milk yogurt. In conclusion, yogurt intake, from ewe's and cow's milk, at levels of consumption compatible with a varied diet, neither decreases nor increases plasma lipoprotein cholesterol levels in apparently healthy individuals. As ewe's milk yogurt has a high content of macro-and micronutrients, certain target populations could benefit from its consumption.
Effects of dietary heat extruded soybean meal and protected fat supplement on the production, blood and ruminal characteristics of Holstein cows; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of protected fat and heat-extruded soybean meal on the lactation performance of Holstein cows. Twenty-four cows, consisting of 20 lactating cows and 4 rumen-fistulated dry cows, were randomly allocated into four groups with 5 lactating cows and 1 fistulated cow in each group. A replicated 4x4 Latin square design with four 21 day periods, including 14 days of adaptation and 7 collection days within each period was employed. The experiment was a 2x2 arrangement, with or without heat-extruded soybean meal and protected fat inclusion. The dietary treatments consisted of supplements of (a) soybean meal (the control), (b) heat-extruded soybean meal.. (c) protected fat, and (d) heat-extruded soybean meal and protected fat. The results showed that there were no significant differences in feed intake, milk yield, milk protein content, milk lactose content and body weight change between the dietary treatments. However, cows supplemented with protected fat showed a significantly increased (p<0.05) milk fat yield, 3.5% FCM and total solid yield. The increase in undegradable intake protein (UIP) via heat extruded soybean meal supplement significantly decreased the urea nitrogen concentration in the blood (p<0.05). Dietary fat inclusion significantly increased the blood cholesterol concentration (p<0.01) and decreased the ruminal pH value (p<0.01). Increased dietary UIP significantly decreased the ammonia nitrogen concentration in the rumen (p<0.01), but did not significantly influence the pH and VIA molar percentage in the rumen. It appears that dietary protected fat inclusion could improve milk fat and solid content. Increased dietary undegradable intake protein through heat extruded soybean meal did not improve milk yield. But it could alleviate the adverse effect of decreased milk protein due to dietary fat supplementation. Increased UIP could also decrease the ammonia nitrogen concentration in the rumen and plasma urea nitrogen concentration in the blood.
Soy Protein Reduces Serum LDL Cholesterol and the LDL Cholesterol:HDL Cholesterol and Apolipoprotein B:Apolipoprotein A-I Ratios in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is highly prevalent in North America and is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Evidence supports a role for soy protein in the reduction of serum lipids related to CVD risk; however, few studies have focused on adults with type 2 diabetes who are not on lipid-lowering medications and/or do not have diabetic complications. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein isolate (SPI) consumption on serum lipids in adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes. Using a double-blind, randomized, crossover, placebo-controlled intervention study design, adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes (n = 29) consumed SPI (80 mg/d aglycone isoflavones) or milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57 d each separated by a 28-d washout period. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected on d 54-56 of each treatment for analysis of isoflavones and blood was collected on d I and 57 of each treatment and analyzed for serum lipids and apolipoproteins. SPI consumption increased urinary isoflavones compared with MPI. SPI consumption reduced serum LDL cholesterol (P = 0.04), LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol (P = 0.02), and apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A-I (P = 0.05) compared with MPI, SPI did not affect serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B, or apolipoprotein A-I. These data demonstrate that consumption of soy protein can modulate some serum lipids in a direction beneficial for CVD risk in adults with type 2 diabetes. J. Nutr. 139: 1700-1706, 2009.
Replacement of Red and Processed Meat With Other Food Sources of Protein and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in European Populations: The EPIC-InterAct Study; OBJECTIVE There is sparse evidence for the association of suitable food substitutions for red and processed meat on the risk of type 2 diabetes. We modeled the association between replacing red and processed meat with other protein sources and the risk of type 2 diabetes and estimated its population impact. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC)-InterAct case cohort included 11,741 individuals with type 2 diabetes and a subcohort of 15,450 participants in eight countries. We modeled the replacement of self-reported red and processed meat with poultry, fish, eggs, legumes, cheese, cereals, yogurt, milk, and nuts. Country-specific hazard ratios (HRs) for incident type 2 diabetes were estimated by Prentice-weighted Cox regression and pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS There was a lower hazard for type 2 diabetes for the modeled replacement of red and processed meat (50 g/day) with cheese (HR 0.90, 95% CI 0.83-0.97) (30 g/day), yogurt (0.90, 0.86-0.95) (70 g/day), nuts (0.90, 0.84-0.96) (10 g/day), or cereals (0.92, 0.88-0.96) (30 g/day) but not for replacements with poultry, fish, eggs, legumes, or milk. If a causal association is assumed, replacing red and processed meat with cheese, yogurt, or nuts could prevent 8.8%, 8.3%, or 7.5%, respectively, of new cases of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS Replacement of red and processed meat with cheese, yogurt, nuts, or cereals was associated with a lower rate of type 2 diabetes. Substituting red and processed meat by other protein sources may contribute to the prevention of incident type 2 diabetes in European populations.
Which foods are displaced in the diets of adults with type 2 diabetes with the inclusion of eggs in their diets? A randomized, controlled, crossover trial; Background The inclusion or exclusion of specific foods from the overall diet inevitably affects other food choices, and this matter is routinely neglected in dietary guidance and nutritional epidemiology. We examined how the inclusion of eggs in the diets of type 2 diabetics affected dietary pattern. Methods Randomized, controlled, single-blind, crossover trial of 34 adults (mean age 64.5 years; 14 women, 20 men) with type 2 diabetes assigned to one of two possible sequence permutations of two different 12-week treatments (two eggs/day or egg exclusion), with 6-week washout periods. For the egg inclusion phase, participants received advice from a dietitian on how to preserve an isocaloric condition relative to the egg exclusion phase. To assess changes in dietary pattern in the diets of our study participants, we analyzed the 12 components of the 2010 Healthy Eating Index. Results The inclusion of eggs was associated with reduced consumption of refined grains nearing statistical significance (-0.7 +/- 3.4 vs 0.7 +/- 2.2; p=0.0530). The consumption of total protein foods significantly increased from baseline (0.3 +/- 0.7; p=0.0153) with the inclusion of eggs for 12 weeks, while the consumption of dairy products significantly decreased with the exclusion of eggs from their diets (-1.3 +/- 2.9; p=0.0188). Conclusions Eggs in the diets of type 2 diabetics may lead to increased consumption of some healthful foods and reduced consumption of some less healthful foods.
Supplementation with galacto-oligosaccharides in early life persistently facilitates the microbial colonization of the rumen and promotes growth of preweaning Holstein dairy calves; We aimed to determine the effects of dietary supplementation with galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS) on the growth performance, serum parameters, and the rumen microbial colonization and fermentation of pre-weaning dairy calves. The study comprised 2 phases of 28 and 42 d, respectively. During phase 1, 24 newborn female Holstein dairy calves were randomly allocated to consume a diet supplemented with 10 g/d GOS (GOS, n = 12) or not (CON, n = 12). Thereafter, during phase 2, the GOS group was further divided into 2 groups: one that continued to consume GOS (GOSC, n = 6) and one that no longer consumed GOS (GOSS, n = 6), alongside the CON group. Galacto-oligosaccharides increased the average daily gain (ADG), body weight, feed efficiency, and serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentration of dairy calves during phase 1 (P < 0.05). Supplementation with GOS for the entire study reduced the incidence of diarrhea and increased the serum total protein and Ca concentrations (P < 0.05) compared with the CON group. The effect of GOS supplementation persisted after it was stopped because the ADG and final body weight of the GOSS group were higher than those of the CON group (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the GOSS group showed a persistently lower incidence of diarrhea and greater colonization of the rumen with probiotics, at the expense of less beneficial bacteria, which would promote ruminal fermentation and microbial protein synthesis. These findings provide a theoretical basis for the rational application of prebiotics and have important practical implications for the design of early life dietary interventions in dairy calf rearing. (c) 2022 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Effect of cigarette smoke exposure during pregnancy and lactation of rats and the offspring on the serum and morphometric parameters; PURPOSE: to investigate the effect of cigarette smoke exposure on body and tissue weight gain, serum parameters and milk yield during pregnancy and lactation in rats, and the impact on offspring from birth toil young adulthood. METHODS: 40 Wistar pregnant rats were randomly divided into: CG - not exposed to cigarette smoke and sacrificed at the end of pregnancy; CL - not exposed to cigarette smoke and sacrificed at the end of lactation; FG - exposed to cigarette smoke and sacrificed at the end of pregnancy; FL - exposed to cigarette smoke and sacrificed at the end of lactation. The offspring were separated by gender and divided according to their mothers' groups. Tissue weight, body weight and serum parameters were evaluated in rats and offspring. Milk yield per pup was calculated. RESULTS: body weight was decreased in FL during lactation (CL=267.0 +/- 7.2; FL=235.5 +/- 7.2 g*, * p<0.05). Adipose tissue was not detected in the CL and FL groups, and was reduced in FG compared to CG (CG=3.3 +/- 0.3; FG=2.4 +/- 0.3 g*, * p<0.05). Rats exposed to cigarette smoke had higher blood glucose levels (CG=113 +/- 17, CL=86 +/- 16, FG=177 +/- 21*, FL=178 +/- 23 mg/dL*, * p<0.05 CG versus FG e CL versus FL), CL and FL groups presented lower HDL-cholesterol with no change in total cholesterol. Finally, rats exposed to cigarette smoke had lower milk yield compared to unexposed rats (CL=6.7 +/- 0.4, FL=5.4 +/- 0.3 g*, * p<0.05). In offspring from the FG and FL groups, there was a decrease of body weight from birth to young adulthood, with no changes in gastrocnemius, liver or heart weights in any group, and adipose tissue was no detected in female offspring. There was an increase in blood glucose in offspring of both sexes from rats exposed to cigarette smoke (males: Pcg=107 +/- 10.5, Pcl=115 +/- 8.6, Pfg=148 +/- 16.8*, Pfl=172 +/- 11.2**; females: Pcg=109 +/- 27.2, Pcl=104 +/- 9.7, Pfg=134 +/- 20.0*, Pfl=126 +/- 13.3**; p<0.05 * Pcg versus Pfg and **Pcl versus Pfl). CONCLUSIONS: exposure to cigarette smoke provokes impairment of morphometric and serum parameters during pregnancy and lactation both in mothers and offspring, which is maintained during young adulthood.
The Effects of Dairy Intake on Insulin Resistance: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; The incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) has increased in the US over the last several years. The consumption of low-fat dairy foods has been linked with decreasing the risk of DM but studies have yet to show a clear correlation. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of dairy intake on homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), waist circumference, and body weight. In MEDLINE and Embase, we identified and reviewed 49 relevant RCTs: 30 had appropriate data format for inclusion in the meta-analysis. Using the Review Manager 5 software, we calculated the pooled standardized mean differences comparing dairy dietary interventions to control for our outcomes of interest. For HOMA-IR (794 individuals), we found a mean difference of -1.21 (95% CI -1.74 to -0.67; p-value < 0.00001; I-2 = 92%). For waist circumference (1348 individuals), the mean difference was -1.09 cm (95% CI 1.68 to -0.58; p-value < 0.00001; I-2 = 94%). For body weight (2362 individuals), the dairy intake intervention group weighed 0.42 kg less than control (p-value < 0.00001; I-2 = 92%). Our findings suggest that dairy intake, especially low-fat dairy products, has a beneficial effect on HOMA-IR, waist circumference, and body weight. This could impact dietary recommendations to reduce DM risk.
Effects of Dietary Patterns on Serum Urate: Results From a Randomized Trial of the Effects of Diet on Hypertension; Objective To determine whether the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet or an alternative, simplified diet, emphasizing high-fiber fruits and vegetables (the FV diet), lowers serum urate levels. Methods We conducted a secondary study of the DASH feeding study, a 3-arm, parallel-design, randomized trial of 459 adults with systolic blood pressure (BP) of <160 mm Hg and diastolic BP of 80-95 mm Hg, who were not receiving BP medications. Participants were randomized to receive 8 weeks of monitored feeding and ate 1 of 3 diets: 1) a typical American diet (control), 2) the FV diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables but otherwise similar to the control diet, or 3) the DASH diet, which was rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol. Body weight was kept constant throughout the study. Serum urate levels were measured at baseline and after 8 weeks of feeding. Results For the 327 participants with available specimens (mean +/- SD age 45.4 +/- 11.0 years, 47% women, 50% African American), the mean +/- SD baseline serum urate level was 5.7 +/- 1.5 mg/dl. Compared to the control diet, the FV diet reduced the mean serum urate level by 0.17 mg/dl (95% confidence interval [95% CI] -0.34, 0.00; P = 0.051) and the DASH diet reduced the mean serum urate level by 0.25 mg/dl (95% CI -0.43, -0.08; P = 0.004). These effects increased with increasing baseline serum urate levels (<5, 5-5.9, 6-6.9, 7-7.9, and >= 8 mg/dl) for those receiving the DASH diet (a reduction of 0.08, 0.12, 0.42, 0.44, and 0.73 mg/dl, respectively; P for trend = 0.04), but not for those receiving the FV diet. Conclusion Our findings indicate that the DASH diet reduces serum urate levels, particularly among those with hyperuricemia. These findings support the growing need for a dedicated trial to test the DASH diet among patients with hyperuricemia and gout.
DIETARY-INTAKE, FOOD-HABITS AND NUTRITION KNOWLEDGE OF ADULTS - A TELEPHONE SURVEY IN HONG-KONG (1990-91); A pilot dietary survey using telephone interview was conducted to evaluate the current dietary intake, food habits and nutrition knowledge of 198 random sample of adults aged between 18-60, and to arouse the awareness of the government, health-related professionals and the public on diet and related diseases. Data collection was undertaken by dietitians and student teachers using a frequency questionnaire through telephone interview. There was a high intake of meat group (approximate to 327 g/d), low intake of rice and cereals (3.8 bowls/d), inadequate consumption of vegetables (3.6 servings/d) and fruits (1.7 servings/d) when compared to the established healthy food guides. Milk intake was only 0.6 cup/d. Processed foods high in animal fat, protein and sodium were popular among the adults. 96% households used pure vegetable oils for cooking, 69% never ate unlicensed street foods, 55% never drank alcohol. 14% were estimated to be obese (BMI: 25-40). Only 43% regularly performed physical exercise more than 45 minutes a week. Considering the repeatedly reported high mean total serum cholesterol of Hongkong adults (5.0-5.5 mmol/L), imprudent dietary practices, and increasing episodes of myocardiac infarction in the younger Hongkong adults, increases in morbidity and mortality from cardio- and cerebrovascular diseases in Hongkong is foreseeable in the future. Thus, before it becomes too late and too costly to combat the diseases, it is necessary to identify the risk factors of degenerative diseases to promote healthy lifestyles, and to establish the healthy eating guidelines and community nutrition education for the population.
Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination inhibits and reverses the pro-inflammatory and pro-atherogenic effects of cream in obese patients; Background and aims: Inflammation and postprandial lipemia are associated with increased cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether ezetimibe and simvastatin combination, a lipid lowering combination of simvastatin and ezetimibe, exerts an anti-inflammatory effect in the fasting state and after dairy cream intake. Methods: Twenty obese patients were randomized to either ezetimibe and simvastatin combination or placebo treatment for 6 weeks. All patients were asked to ingest 33 ml of dairy cream (300 Calories) at the beginning and at the end of intervention. Fasting and post-cream blood samples were obtained. Results: At 0 week, ingestion of cream induced significant increases in MNC expression of IL-1 beta (105 +/- 18%), TNF alpha (97 +/- 12%), CD68 (48 +/- 8%), CD16 (141 +/- 39%), MMP-9 (122 +/- 31%), PECAM (66 +/- 10%), TLR-4 (84 +/- 11%) and TLR-2 (67 +/- 9%) and in endotoxin (LPS) concentrations (49 +/- 7%) (p < 0.05). Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination treatment lowered fasting total cholesterol, LDLc and Lp(a) concentrations and Apo B/A1 ratio and suppressed the MNC expression of IL-1 beta and CD68 (by 21 +/- 7 and 24 +/- 10, p < 0.05) and the concentrations of LPS, CRP, FFA and IL-18 by 24 +/- 7%, 32 +/- 11%, 19 +/- 8% 15 +/- 4%, respectively, (p < 0.05). Cream-induced increases in the expression of IL-1 beta, CD68, CD16, MMP-9, TNF alpha and PECAM were reduced in the ezetimibe and simvastatin combination group by 74 +/- 15%, 68 +/- 13%, 57 +/- 13%, 64 +/- 16%, 67 +/- 14% and 45 +/- 9%, respectively, while those of LPS and MMP-9 concentrations were reduced by 53 +/- 9% and 38 +/- 8%, respectively, compared to the increases at week 0 (p < 0.05). There was a suppression of TLR-2 and TLR-4 expression by 21 +/- 8% and 18 +/- 7%, respectively, compared to 0-h baseline, after cream intake following ezetimibe and simvastatin combination treatment. Conclusions: Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination exerts a profound anti-inflammatory effect both in the fasting state and acutely after the ingestion of saturated fat. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary Attitude of Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study; Background and Objectives: There is a paucity of literature on the dietary attitude (DA) of patients with type 2 diabetes in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA). Although the prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM) is high in Gulf countries, there remains a lack of understanding of the importance of dietary behavior in diabetes management among patients. Understanding the behavior of patients with diabetes towards the disease requires knowledge of their DA. Therefore, this study aimed to assess and evaluate the DA of type 2 diabetes patients, and it is the first of its kind in the KSA. Material and Methods: An analytical cross-sectional study was conducted among 350 patients with type 2 diabetes. A self-administered DA questionnaire was used to collect the data. Psychometric properties of the questionnaire were assessed by face validity, content validity, exploratory factor analysis, and internal consistency reliability. The data were collected using a systematic random sampling technique. Results: The overall DA of the patients was inappropriate (p = 0.014). Patients had an inappropriate DA towards food selection (p = 0.003), healthy choices (p = 0.005), food restraint (p < 0.001), health impact (p < 0.001), and food categorization (p = 0.033). A poor DA was also observed in relation to the consumption of red meat (p <0.001), rice (p < 0.001), soup and sauces (p = 0.040), dairy products (p = 0.015), and junk food (p < 0.001). Conclusions: It is highly recommended that patients with diabetes receive counseling with an empowerment approach, as this can bring about changes in their dietary behavior, which is deeply rooted in their daily routine. Healthcare providers should also be well-informed about patients' attitudes and beliefs towards diabetes to design tailored educational and salutary programs for this specific community. Diabetes self-management educational programs should also be provided on a regular basis with a special emphasis on diet and its related components.
Effects of milk proteins supplementation in older adults undergoing resistance training: A meta-analysis of randomized control trials; Background: Older adults experience age-related physiological changes that affect body weight and body composition. In general, nutrition and exercise have been identified as potent stimulators of protein synthesis in skeletal muscle. Milk proteins are excellent sources of all the essential amino acids and may represent an ideal protein source to promote muscle anabolism in older adults undergoing resistance training. However, several randomized control trials (RCTs) have yielded mixed results on the effects of milk proteins supplementation in combination with resistance training on body weight and composition. Methods: PubMed, Web of Science and Cochrane databases were searched for literature that evaluated the effects of milk proteins supplementation on body weight and composition among older adults (age = 60 years) undergoing resistance training up to September 2016. A random-effects model was used to calculate the pooled estimates and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of effect sizes. Results: The final analysis included 10 RCTs involving 574 participants (mean age range from 60 to 80.8 years). Overall, the combination of milk proteins supplementation and resistance training did not have significant effect on fat mass (0.30, 95% CI -0.25, 0.86 kg) or body weight (1.02, 95% CI: -0.01, 2.04 kg). However, a positive effect of milk proteins supplementation paired with resistance training on fat-free mass was observed (0.74, 95% CI 0.30, 1.17 kg). Greater fat-free mass gains were observed in studies that included more than 55 participants (0.73, 95% CI 0.30, 1.16 kg), and in studies that enrolled participants with aging-related medical conditions (1.60, 95% CI 0.92, 2.28 kg). There was no statistical evidence of publication bias among the studies. Conclusion: Our findings provide evidence that supplementation of milk protein, in combination with resistance training, is effective to elicit fat-free mass gain in older adults.
RELATIVE EFFECTS ON SERUM-LIPIDS AND APOLIPOPROTEINS OF CAPRENIN-RICH DIET COMPARED WITH DIETS RICH IN PALM OIL PALM-KERNEL OIL OR BUTTER; Two randomized, blind studies measured changes in serum cholesterol, other serum lipids, and apolipoprotein (ape) concentrations in hypercholesterolemic men consuming caprenin (Cap)-rich diets after either baseline diets enriched in palm oil/palm-kernel oil (PO/PKO) or butter. The triglyceride Cap contains 45% 22:0 and 50% 8:0-10:0. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the PO/PKO diet, the 17 subjects on the Cap diet showed significant reductions after 6 wk in HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), HDL(2)-C, and HDL(3)-C and a significant increase in the ratio of total cholesterol to KDL-C. No significant changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, triglycerides, ape B-100, or apo A-I were seen. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the butter diet, after 6 wk the seven subjects receiving the Cap diet showed no significant changes in the lipid and apolipoprotein indexes analyzed. These data show that one or more of 8:0, 10:0, and 22:0 fatty acids can contribute to hypercholesterolemia in men.
Effect of monensin on serum lipoproteins, triglycerides, cholesterol and total lipids of periparturient dairy cows; Serum concentrations of very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL), low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL), triglycerides, cholesterol, and total lipids of a group of monensin-treated cows (n = 7) were compared with those of a control group (n = 6) from about 10 days before calving to 45 days postpartum. Monensin was fed in the diet from about 20 days before predicted calving date to 45 days after parturition. Blood samples were obtained on days 20 and 10 before predicted calving, and on days 4, 15, 25 (phase I), and days 35 and 45 (phase II) post calving. Cholesterol (p = 0.046) and total lipids (p = 0.003) were lower in the treatment group 10 days before calving. Concentrations of serum triglycerides and VLDL (p = 0.017), and that of LDL (p = 0.032) were significantly higher in the treatment group in phase I postpartum. No significant difference was detected between groups during phase II. Comparison of the entire length of the trial showed higher concentrations of triglycerides and VLDL in the treatment group (p = 0.009). It is concluded that monensin is effective in increasing secretion of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins from the liver during the postpartum transition period of dairy cows. This may be effective in reducing the intensity of hepatic lipidosis and the incidence of periparturient diseases resulting from disturbances in energy metabolism.
HDL therapy today: from atherosclerosis, to stent compatibility to heart failure; Epidemiologically, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels have been inversely associated to cardiovascular (CV) events, although a Mendelian Randomisation Study had failed to establish a clear causal role. Numerous atheroprotective mechanisms have been attributed to HDL, the main being the ability to promote cholesterol efflux from arterial walls; anti-inflammatory effects related to HDL ligands such as S1P (sphingosine-1-phosphate), resolvins and others have been recently identified. Experimental studies and early clinical investigations have indicated the potential of HDL to slow progression or induce regression of atherosclerosis. More recently, the availability of different HDL formulations, with different phospholipid moieties, has allowed to test other indications for HDL therapy. Positive reports have come from studies on coronary stent biocompatibility, where the use of HDL from different sources reduced arterial cell proliferation and thrombogenicity. The observation that low HDL-C levels may be associated with an enhanced risk of heart failure (HF) has also suggested that HDL therapy may be applied to this condition. HDL infusions or apoA-I gene transfer were able to reverse heart abnormalities, reduce diastolic resistance and improve cardiac metabolism. HDL therapy may be effective not only in atherosclerosis, but also in other conditions, of relevant impact on human health.Key messages High-density lipoproteins have as a major activity that of removing excess cholesterol from tissues (particularly arteries). Knowledge on the activity of high-density lipoproteins on health have however significantly widened. HDL-therapy may help to improve stent biocompatibility and to reduce peripheral arterial resistance in heart failure.
Effects of preoperative feeding with a whey protein plus carbohydrate drink on the acute phase response and insulin resistance. A randomized trial; Background: Prolonged preoperative fasting increases insulin resistance and current evidence recommends carbohydrate (CHO) drinks 2 hours before surgery. Our hypothesis is that the addition of whey protein to a CHO-based drink not only reduces the inflammatory response but also diminish insulin resistance. Methods: Seventeen patients scheduled to cholecystectomy or inguinal herniorraphy were randomized and given 474 ml and 237 ml of water (CO group) or a drink containing CHO and milk whey protein (CHO-P group) respectively, 6 and 3 hours before operation. Blood samples were collected before surgery and 24 hours afterwards for biochemical assays. The endpoints of the study were the insulin resistance (IR), the prognostic inflammatory and nutritional index (PINI) and the C-reactive protein (CRP)/albumin ratio. A 5% level for significance was established. Results: There were no anesthetic or postoperative complications. The post-operative IR was lower in the CHO-P group when compared with the CO group (2.75 +/- 0.72 vs 5.74 +/- 1.16; p = 0.03). There was no difference between the two groups in relation to the PINI. The CHO-P group showed a decrease in the both CRP elevation and CRP/albumin ratio (p < 0.05). The proportion of patients who showed CRP/albumin ratio considered normal was significantly greater (p < 0.05) in the CHO-P group (87.5%) than in the CO group (33.3%). Conclusions: Shortening the pre-operative fasting using CHO and whey protein is safe and reduces insulin resistance and postoperative acute phase response in elective moderate operations.
Dietary Cocoa Butter or Refined Olive Oil Does Not Alter Postprandial hsCRP and IL-6 Concentrations in Healthy Women; Contrary to other long chain saturated fatty acids (SFA), fats high in stearic acid do not raise plasma cholesterol concentrations, however, a slight elevation in inflammatory markers, plasma fibrinogen and interleukin-6 (IL-6), has been observed in the fasting state. The effect of stearic acid on inflammation in the postprandial state has not yet been reported. We conducted a single blind crossover, randomized, postprandial study to compare the effects of a fat load of cocoa butter high in stearic acid and olive oil in ten healthy women. The test meals contained 1 g of fat per kg body weight (mean 62 g). Blood samples were collected at 0 (fasting), 4 and 6 h. Both diets resulted in a significant increase in serum triacylglycerol (TAG) concentration over time (P = 0.003) and a decrease in serum IL-6 concentration after 4 h followed by an increase to post absorptive values after 6 h (P < 0.001); whereas serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) concentration was not affected. There was no difference between diets in effects on serum TAG, hsCRP and IL-6 concentrations and no association between postprandial lipemia and inflammatory markers. High intake of dietary fats increase postprandial serum TAG, however, may not affect inflammatory markers postprandially. Thus, fat rich in stearic acid does not seem to increase postprandial inflammation.
Estimating the causal effect of milk powder supplementation on bone mineral density: a randomized controlled trial with both non-compliance and loss to follow-up; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although previous studies reported that calcium supplementation can effectively improve bone mineral density in postmenopausal women, some studies showed the reverse conclusion. One of the reasons was that most of the studies did not take into full consideration the information of noncompliers, which seriously influenced the precision of conclusion. The aim of this paper was to investigate the effect of calcium supplementation on bone mineral density with correcting impact of noncompliance using the complier average causal effect (CACE). SUBJECTS/METHODS: A randomized controlled trial was designed to investigate the effect of high-calcium milk powder on bone mineral density. One hundred and forty-one postmenopausal women were randomly assigned to either a control group (n = 72) or a milk powder supplementation group (n = 69). The participants in the intervention group took 50 g of high-calcium milk powder containing 450 mg of elemental calcium and 400 IU vitamin D every morning and evening, respectively. The effects of the intervention on the primary outcome, bone mineral density, were assessed using the CACE model and intention-to-treat (ITT) and per-protocol (PP) analyses. RESULTS: Using the CACE model, the calcium supplementation was found to significantly reduce the bone loss at the lumbar spine compared with the control group at 24 months when adjusting the covariates (effect size 1.170, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.376 similar to 1.964, P = 0.0040). At the hip site, there was no significant difference between the calcium group and the control group. Compared with the control group, no significant weight gain was found in the calcium group over 24 months. However, the calcium group had less height loss at 24 months (effect size 1.040, 95% CI 0.012 similar to 2.066, P = 0.0470) than the control group. High-density lipoprotein was significantly increased in the calcium group at 12 months (effect size 0.120, 95% CI 0.009 similar to 0.232, P= 0.0340). Serum total cholesterol, triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein were not affected over 24 months. The estimates of complier average causal effect of latent ignorability model with missing data assumption of latent ignorability were consistent with the CACE estimates. CONCLUSION: Consumption of high-calcium milk powder is effective in reducing the bone loss at the lumbar spine among healthy postmenopausal women. Supplementing with high-calcium milk powder had additional benefits of reducing height loss.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of Vitamin D-fortified food on glycemic indices; Some reports indicated that Vitamin D may improve glycaemia indices in diabetic patients. The aim of this systematic and meta-analysis was to evaluate effects of Vitamin D fortification on indices of glycemic control. Six databases (PubMed/Medline, ISI Web of Knowledge, Cochrane Library, Science Direct, Scopus, and Google Scholar) were searched, for randomized controlled trials that were published up to September 2018 and that compared the effect of Vitamin D-fortified food versus regular diet in relation to glycemic control. Of the 4,379 studies originally found, 11 articles remained to be assessed for meta-analysis. Vitamin D fortification was associated with a significant improvement in fasting serum glucose (mean difference [MD]: -2.772; 95% confidence interval [CI]: -5.435 to -0.109) and fasting serum insulin (MD: -2.937; 95% CI: -4.695 to -1.178) in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus. A diet with food enriched with Vitamin D was associated with a significant improvement in homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (MD: -1.608; 95% CI: -3.138 to -0.079) but was not associated with a significant reduction in hemoglobin A1C (MD: 0.034; 95% CI: -0.655 to 0.069). This meta-analysis indicates that Vitamin D fortification improves indices of glycemic control. Hence, food fortified with Vitamin D may be of potential therapeutic value in diabetic patients, as an adjuvant therapy.
Effect of calcium salts of fatty acids and calcium salt of methionine hydroxy analogue on reproductive responses and milk production in Holstein-Friesian cows; The effects of a dietary supplement with calcium salts of fatty acids and methionine hydroxy analogue on reproductive performance, blood metabolites, milk production, milk composition, body weight and body condition score was studied in lactating dairy cows. Autumn-calving, Holstein-Friesian cows (no. = 162) were assigned I week post calving to one of two diets: (1) unsupplemented maize-silage-based complete diet while housed before turn-out to perennial ryegrass pasture and (2) the same diet with 400 g per cow per day of a supplement with calcium salts of long-chain fatty acids and methionine hydroxy analogue (Megalac Plus, Volac Ltd). Eleven cows were removed from the study following randomization for reasons not related to the experiment leaving 151 cows on dietary treatments. The diets were offered until the end of the 18-week breeding period. Cows receiving supplement had higher milk yield and milk lactose production and lower milk protein and milk fat proportion (P < 0.05). Body weight and body condition scores were not different between treatments in the first 20 weeks of lactation (P > 0.05). Overall reproductive performance was not different between dietary treatments (P > 0.05). However, first lactation animals (no. = 33) receiving the dietary lipid and methionine supplement tended to have increased conception rates to first and second service (P < 0.09) which resulted in a shorter calving-to-conception interval in those animals (P < 0.06). Services per conception (P < 0,08), services per cow served (P < 0.05) and services per conception for pregnant cows (P < 0.05) in first lactation animals was reduced in the supplemented group. Although plasma cholesterol concentrations were increased following lipid and methionine supplementation (P < 0.01), plasma progesterone concentrations on day 5 and day 8 after artificial insemination were not different between dietary treatments (P > 0.05). In conclusion, a dietary supplement of calcium salts of fatty acids and methionine hydroxy analogue increased milk yield, milk lactose production and blood cholesterol concentration but did not improve reproductive performance, except in first lactation cows.
Effects of chitosan and whole raw soybeans on ruminal fermentation and bacterial populations, and milk fatty acid profile in dairy cows; The objective of this study was to evaluate whether providing chitosan (CHI) to cows fed diets supplemented with whole raw soybeans (WRS) would affect the nutrient intake and digestibility, ruminal fermentation and bacterial populations, microbial protein synthesis, N utilization, blood metabolites, and milk yield and composition of dairy cows. Twenty-four multiparous Holstein cows (141 +/- 37.1 d in milk, 38.8 +/- 6.42 kg/d of milk yield; mean +/- SD) were enrolled to a 4 x 4 Latin square design experiment with 23-d periods. Cows were blocked within Latin squares according to milk yield, days in milk, body weight, and rumen cannula (n = 8). A 2 x 2 factorial treatment arrangement was randomly assigned to cows within blocks. Treatments were composed of diets with 2 inclusion rates of WRS (0 or 14% diet dry matter) and 2 doses of CHI (0 or 4 g/kg of dry matter, Polymar Ciencia e Nutricao, Fortaleza, Brazil). In general, CHI+WRS negatively affected nutrient in-take and digestibility of cows, decreasing milk yield and solids production. The CHI increased ruminal pH and decreased acetate to propionate ratio, and WRS reduced NH3-N concentration and acetate to propionate in the rumen. The CHI reduced the relative bacterial population of Butyrivibrio group, whereas WRS decreased the relative bacterial population of Butyrivibrio group, and Fibrobacter succinogenes, and increased the relative bacterial population of Streptococcus bovis. No interaction effects between CHI and WRS were observed on ruminal fermentation and bacterial populations. The CHI+WRS decreased N intake, microbial N synthesis, and N secreted in milk of cows. The WRS increased N excreted in feces and consequently decreased the N excreted in urine. The CHI had no effects on blood metabolites, but WRS decreased blood concentrations of glucose and increased blood cholesterol concentration. The CHI and WRS improved efficiency of milk yield of cows in terms of fat-corrected milk, energy-corrected milk, and net energy of lactation. The CHI increased milk concentration [g/100 g of fatty acids (FA)] of 18:1 trans-11, 18:2 cis-9,cis-12, 18:3 cis-9,cis-12,cis-15, 18:1 cis-9,trans-11, total monounsaturated FA, and total polyunsaturated FA. The WRS increased total mono-unsaturated FA, polyunsaturated FA, and 18:0 to unsaturated FA ratio in milk of cows. Evidence indicates that supplementing diets with unsaturated fat sources along with CHI negatively affects nutrient intake and digestibility of cows, resulting in less milk production. Diet supplementation with CHI or WRS can improve feed efficiency and increases unsaturated FA concentration in milk of dairy cows.
Effects of bypass fat on postpartum reproductive performance in dairy cattle; This study was conducted to determine the effects of bypass fat on postpartum reproductive performance in dairy cattle. A total of 40 advance pregnant crossbred dairy cows of 2nd to 5th parity were randomly divided into two groups, control (n=10) and treatment (n=30). The control animals were maintained on routine standard feeding schedule. The treatment animals in addition to routine standard feeding schedule, were supplemented orally daily with extra 100 g of bypass fat (Enerfat, Kemin) for about 2 weeks before expected date of calving and continued one week after calving. The level of bypass fat was then increased as per the milk production @ 10 gram per litre of milk produced until 60 days postpartum limiting to maximum of 250 gram/day. Blood samples were collected from each animal at 2 week prior to expected date of calving (-14), day 0, 10, 20 and 30 of calving, for the estimation of various blood biochemical parameters. Gross uterine involution and the interval from calving to first estrus occurrence were recorded. Bypass supplementation non-significantly reduce uterine involution time and time from calving to first postpartum observed estrus. Peripartum bypass fat supplementation significantly (P<0.05) increased serum glucose and total cholesterol but significantly (P<0.05) decreased serum (non-esterified fatty acids) NEFA level.
Effect of feeding maize silage containing Moringa<i> (Moringa</i><i> oleifera)</i> leaves on growth, blood metabolites, serum antioxidant and coccidial egg count in Barbari goats under stall-fed condition; Feeding cum growth trial was conducted on male Barbari goats to study the growth, blood metabolites, antioxidant and coccidial egg count on feeding of Maize silage having Moringa leaves. Eighteen male Barbari goats (Aged about 3 months and Avg B.Wt. 9.53 +/- 0.42 kg) were divided in completely randomized design into (CRD) three groups of six each. Control group (Gr C) was fed with concentrate pellet, green and gram straw ad lib. Treatment groups (Gr M) were fed with concentrate pellet + maize silage ad lib.; Gr MM was fed with concentrate pellet + Maize -Moringa silage ad lib. Average daily gain (g/day) was highest in Gr MM (71.42) followed by Gr M (60.87) and Gr C (55.31). There was no significant difference in hematological and serum metabolites (Glucose, total protein, albumin, globulin, AG ratio) among groups. Serum cholesterol (mg/dl) was significantly lower in Gr MM as compared to Gr M and Gr C. There was improvement in the serum antioxidant activity of the goats fed with MM silage. Present study concluded that incorporation of Moringa olifera in the maize silage improved the body weight gain with reduction in serum cholesterol in growing Barbari goats under stall feeding system.
Pomegranate seed pulp, pistachio hulls, and tomato pomace as replacement of wheat bran increased milk conjugated linoleic acid concentrations without adverse effects on ruminal fermentation and performance of Saanen dairy goats; The study compared three underused agro-industrial by-products which were pomegranate seed pulp (PSP), pistachio hulls (PH) and tomato pomace (TP) available in dry areas with respect to their potentiality influence on ruminal fermentation, performance and milk fatty acid (FA) profile of dairy goats. Eight multiparous lactating Saanen goats were randomly assigned to a 4 x 4 Latin square design with 4 dietary treatments over 21-day periods. The dietary treatments were: control diet (CON), and diets containing either PSP (120 g/kg DM), PH (240 g/kg DM), or TP (240 g/kg DM), substituting for wheat bran of the control diet. All diets were kept isoenergetic and isonitrogenous with a forage to concentrate ratio of 45:55 (DM basis). The most abundant FA in the lipids of PSP and TP were c9,t11,c13-18:3 and c9,c12-18:2, respectively, while PH was rich in c9-C18:1 and phenolic compounds. No consistent treatment effects were observed on DM intake, milk yield, milk fat, protein, and lactose yields. Pomegranate seed pulp increased (P < 0.01) milk fat concentration compared with CON and PH diets and protein concentration of the milk samples obtained from animals fed by PH diet was highest among the treatments. There was no diet effect on ruminal pH, while rumen ammonia-N concentrations, volatile fatty acid concentrations and, to a lesser extent, molar proportion of acetate were decreased following PH diet feeding. Blood cholesterol concentration increased (P < 0.01) with PSP and TP diets. The blood urea N concentration decreased (P < 0.05) when PH diet was fed. Feeding TP diet decreased (P < 0.01) 16:0 and tended (P < 0.10) to increase c9-18:1 proportion in milk fat in comparison to the other diets. Inclusion of all by-products increased (P < 0.01) t11-18:1 (2-fold) and total conjugated linoleic acids (CLA, 5 to 6-fold) in milk fat compared to CON diet. In addition, concentrations of c9,c12,c15-18:3 and total polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) in milk fat component were highest (P < 0.01) in the milk samples of animals fed by PSP diet. These findings indicate that all 3 by-products can be fed instead of wheat bran to lactating goats without adverse effects on their performance as well as ruminal fermentation. Based on the positive changes in milk FA profile, PSP was superior to the PH and TP by-products, it also promoted omega-3 FA c9,c12,c15-18:3 in milk. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of parenteral administration of vitamin E on health of periparturient dairy cows; Objective-To determine the effect of administration of vitamin E (D-alpha-tocopherol) on the incidence of retained placenta, metritis, and clinical mastitis during early lactation and on tocopherol concentrations. Design-Prospective randomized controlled study. Animals-420 Holstein cows. Procedure-Vitamin E (3,000 mg, IM, once) was administered to 204 cows 8 to 14 days before expected parturition, and 216 control cows were not treated. The number of cows that had retained pla centa, metritis, clinical mastitis, displaced abomasum, and clinically apparent acetonemia or hypocalcemia were recorded. Serum concentrations of tocopherol, the tocopherol:cholesterol ratio, and glutathione-peroxidase activity were determined from samples obtained before administration of vitamin E, 7 and 14 days after administration, and at 30 days after parturition from 36 treated and 36 control cows. Results-Administration of vitamin E significantly decreased the incidence of retained placenta and metritis (13/204 [6.4%] and 8/204 [3.9%], respectively, for the vitamin E-treated group; 27/216 [12.5%] and 19/216 [8.8%], respectively, for the untreated group) but did not affect the incidence of clinical mastitis. Serum vitamin E concentration was significantly higher in treated than in control cattle at 7 and 14 days after administration, but serum tocopherol:cholesterol ratio was significantly higher only at 7 days after administration. Clinical Implications-Parenteral administration of a single injection of vitamin E before parturition may decrease the incidence of retained placenta and metritis in dairy cows but will increase serum concentrations for 7 to 14 days after administration.
Acute effects of ingestion of black tea on postprandial platelet aggregation in human subjects; Results of population studies suggest that black tea can reduce cardiovascular risk. Effects of black-tea polyphenols to reduce platelet aggregability may help to explain any benefits. Given that black tea is often consumed with and after meals, and man spends much of his life in the postprandial state, the objective of the present study was to investigate the acute effects of ingestion of black tea on postprandial platelet aggregation ex vivo. Twenty healthy participants had platelet aggregation and blood lipids assessed before and 4 h after the ingestion of 50 g dairy fat on two occasions in random order, corresponding to black tea or hot water. Black tea or hot water (one cup) was consumed immediately following the dairy fat, then after 1.5 and 3.0 h. Platelet aggregation ex vivo was assessed in platelet-rich plasma in response to three concentrations of collagen (0.2, 0.6, 2.0 mug/ml) and ADP (2, 4, 8 muM). Urinary concentrations of 4-O-methylgallic acid were used as an indicator that tea polyphenols were absorbed. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations increased significantly 4 h after ingesting the dairy fat, but there was no significant difference between black tea and hot-water treatments on the cholesterol or triacylglycerol responses. Urinary 4-O-methylgallic acid concentrations were significantly increased following ingestion of black tea (P=0.0001) but not water. Black tea in comparison to hot water did not inhibit collagen or ADP-induced postprandial platelet aggregation. The results of this study do not support the suggestion that reduced postprandial platelet aggregability contributes to any benefits of black tea on cardiovascular risk.
CHEMICAL PHYSICAL PROPERTIES OF INTERESTERIFIED MILK FAT FRACTIONS; Five fractions of anhydrous milk fat were obtained by fractional crystallization in the absence of solvent. The fractions were characterized, physically and chemically, before and after interesterification. Cholesterol tended to fractionate into the lowest-melting fraction. Slipping points of 38.5C, 32C, 28C, 22.5C, andl7C, respectively, were reflected in widely varying micropenetration curves, while differences in fatty-acid composition were relatively small. The three higher-melting fractions, with very similar fatty-acid compositions, had very similar physical properties after interesterification. Slipping points of 38C, 37C, 37C, 33C, and 32C, respectively, indicated that interesterification generally hardened the fractions. Interesterification altered the physical properties of lower-melting fractions more than the properties of higher-melting fractions. Interesterification caused some trigly-ceride degradation and some butyrate loss, but these factors could not fully explain the unequal physical property changes induced in the different fractions. Fractionation possibly tends to separate symmetrical triglycerides from their lower-melting, unsymmetrical isomers, yielding fractions with apparent differences in the degree of randomness of their triglyceride structure. Positioning of fatty-acids within the triglyceride molecule seems to be a principal determinant of the physical properties of milk fat fractions.
Effect of fat additions to diets of dairy cattle on milk production and components: A meta-analysis and meta-regression; The objectives of this study were to critically review randomized controlled trials, and quantify, using meta-analysis and meta-regression, the effects of supplementation with fats on milk production and components by dairy cows. We reviewed 59 papers, of which 38 (containing 86 comparisons) met eligibility criteria. Five groups of fats were evaluated: tallows, calcium salts of palm fat (Megalac, Church and Dwight Co. Inc., Princeton, NJ), oilseeds, prilled fat, and other calcium salts. Milk production responses to fats were significant, and the estimated mean difference was 1.05 kg/cow per day, but results were heterogeneous. Milk yield increased with increased difference in dry matter intake (DMI) between treatment and control groups, decreased with predicted metabolizable energy (ME) balance between these groups, and decreased with increased difference in soluble protein percentage of the diet between groups. Decreases in DMI were significant for Megalac, oilseeds, and other Ca salts, and approached significance for tallow. Feeding fat for a longer period increased DAB, as did greater differences in the amount of soluble protein percentage of the diet between control and treatment diets. Tallow, oilseeds, and other Ca salts reduced, whereas Megalac increased, milk fat percentage. Milk fat percentage effects were heterogeneous for fat source. Differences between treatment and control groups in duodenal concentrations of C18:2 and C 18:0 fatty acids and Mg percentage reduced the milk fat percentage standardized mean difference. Milk fat yield responses to fat treatments were very variable. The other Ca salts substantially decrease, and the Megalac and oilseeds increased, fat yield. Fat yield increased with increased DMI difference between groups and was lower with an increased estimated ME balance between treatment and control groups, indicating increased partitioning of fat to body tissue reserves. Feeding fats decreased milk protein percentage, but results were heterogeneous. An increased number of milkings increased the milk protein percentage, whereas the difference between the treatment and control groups in duodenal concentrations of 18:2 fatty acids and dietary Mg concentration reduced the milk protein percentage. None of the fat treatments influenced milk protein production. The range of responses to different fats fed approached or exceeded 5 standard deviations from the mean and differed in point direction for all variables studied, indicating the varied and profound biological effects of fats. Responses to fat feeding were highly heterogeneous for all variables studied and heterogeneity was present within responses to individual fat groups. The lower DMI combined with higher milk and milk fat production showed that fats could improve the efficiency of milk production. More studies are required to more completely characterize sources of variation in responses to fats.
A Paleolithic Diet with and without Combined Aerobic and Resistance Exercise Increases Functional Brain Responses and Hippocampal Volume in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is associated with impaired episodic memory functions and increased risk of different dementing disorders. Diet and exercise may potentially reverse these impairments. In this study, sedentary individuals with type 2 diabetes treated by lifestyle +/- metformin were randomized to a Paleolithic diet (PD, n = 12) with and without high intensity exercise (PDEX, n = 12) for 12 weeks. Episodic memory function, associated functional brain responses and hippocampal gray matter volume was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. A matched, but not randomized, non-interventional group was included as a reference (n = 6). The PD included a high intake of unsaturated fatty acids and protein, and excluded the intake of dairy products, grains, refined sugar and salt. The exercise intervention consisted of 180 min of supervised aerobic and resistance exercise per week. Both interventions induced a significant weight loss, improved insulin sensitivity and increased peak oxygen uptake without any significant group differences. Furthermore, both interventions were associated with increased functional brain responses within the right anterior hippocampus, right inferior occipital gyrus and increased volume of the right posterior hippocampus. There were no changes in memory performance. We conclude that life-style modification may improve neuronal plasticity in brain areas linked to cognitive function in type 2 diabetes. Putative long-term effects on cognitive functions including decreased risk of dementing disorders await further studies. Clinical trials registration number:
Meat Consumption and Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: Results from the Korean Population and a Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Many studies have reported harmful effects of red meat or processed meat on chronic diseases including cancer and diabetes, but epidemiological evidence for metabolic syndrome is limited and remains controversial. Therefore, we performed a meta-analysis of observational studies to assess the association between various meat consumption and risk of metabolic syndrome. The PubMed and ISI Web of Science databases were searched through June 2017, and further included unpublished results from Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2012-2015, including 8387 Korean adults. Sixteen studies were suitable for meta-analysis, which included 19,579 cases among 76,111 participants. We used a random-effects model to calculate the pooled relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). The pooled RR for metabolic syndrome of the highest versus lowest category of meat intake was 1.14 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.23) for total meat, 1.33 (95% CI: 1.01, 1.74) for red meat, 1.35 (95% CI: 1.18, 1.54) for processed meat, and 0.86 (95% CI: 0.76, 0.97) for white meat. All of these associations did not differ significantly by study design and adjustment factors. Our findings indicated that total, red, and processed meat intake is positively associated with metabolic syndrome, and white meat intake is inversely associated with metabolic syndrome.
Trends in food intakes in Swedish adults 1986-1999: Findings from the northern Sweden MONICA (Monitoring of trends and determinants in cardiovascular disease) study; Objective: To determine changes in reported food frequency in adults between 1986 and 1999. Design: Four consecutive cross-sectional surveys. Setting: Counties of Norrbotten and Vasterbotten, Northern Sweden. Subjects: The Northern Sweden MONICA (Monitoring of Trends and Determinants in Cardiovascular Disease) population, four independent cross-sectional surveys in 1986, 1990, 1994 and 1999. Randomly selected age-stratified samples of the population aged 25-64 years. Analysis is based on 2982 males and 3087 females who completed an 84-item food-frequency questionnaire. Results: Between 1986 and 1999, average reported consumption of 3%-fat milk decreased from 42 to 7 intakes month(-1) in men and from 28 to 4 intakes month(-1) in women. Reported use of 1.5%-fat milk increased from 6 to 27 intakes month(-1) in men and from 6 to 24 in women. Monthly intakes of potatoes and root vegetables decreased from 38 to 27 in men and from 39 to 32 in women. Consumption of pasta increased from 4 to 7 intakes month(-1) in both sexes. Intakes of solid fats with 80% fat content dropped from 92 to 62 per month in men and from 78 to 52 per month in women, whereas use of 40%-fat spread increased from 12 to 22 intakes month(-1) in men and from 5 to 26 in women. Monthly intakes of vegetable oil increased from 3 to 12 in men and from 3 to 15 in women. The percentage of overweight or obese individuals (body mass index > 25 kg m(-2)) increased from 52 to 65% in men and from 41 to 52% in women (P for linear trend in all these changes, < 0.001). Conclusions: Our data indicate reduced consumption of foods with a high content of saturated fats. In spite of that, there is an unbroken trend towards increased obesity.
Different durations of whole raw soybean supplementation during the prepartum period: Milk fatty acid profile and oocyte and embryo quality of early-lactating Holstein cows; The objective of this study was to evaluate different durations of whole raw soybeans (WS) supplementation during the prepartum period on nutrient digestibility, milk yield and composition, energy balance, blood metabolites, and oocyte and embryo quality of transition cows. Thirty-one Holstein cows were used in a completely randomized design and assigned to 4 experimental groups (G): G90, G60, G30, and G0 (control), supplemented with a diet containing 12% of WS from 90, 60, 30, and 0 d relative to the calving date, respectively. Cows were dried off 60 d before the expected calving date. After parturition, all cows were fed a diet containing 12% of WS until 84 DIM. Blood samples were collected on d -49, -35, -21, -14, -7, 0, 7, 14, 21, 35, and 70 relative to partuin. Ovum pick-ups were performed on d 21 +/- 3, 42 +/- 7, 63 +/- 7, and 84 +/- 7 of lactation. Different durations of WS supplementation did not affect DMI and apparent total-tract digestibility in either the pre- or postpartum periods. Duration of WS supplementation had no effect on milk yield and composition nor energy balance of cows. However, the duration of WS supplementation had several effects on milk fatty acid (FA) profile of cows, including a linear decrease in concentrations of cis-9 C18:1, unsaturated C18, total monounsaturated, and unsaturated FA. Further, the milk contents of cis-9,cis-12 C18:2 FA, cis-9,trans-11 C18:2 FA, and total polyunsaturated FA were increased when WS were fed to cows from 30 d but: not from 60 or 90 d of the expected calving date. The length of WS supplementation in the prepartum period linearly increased blood cholesterol concentration of cows during the prepartum period, but. it had no effect on blood glucose and nonesterified FA concentrations in the pre- and postpartum periods. Duration of WS supplementation during the prepartum period increased the average number of grade 2 oocytes, notably in G60, but it had no effect on embryo production and cleavage proportion of early-lactalion cows. The duration of WS supplement at ion in the prepartum period had no effect on milk yield and energy balance of the subsequent lactation, but it altered milk FA profile in early lactation by decreasing unsaturated FA content, notably when starting to supplement WS at 90 and 60 d from the expected calving date. Our results also showed that the duration of WS supplementation during the prepartum period does not improve oocyte quality in the subsequent lactation of cows.
Argan Oil Exerts an Antiatherogenic Effect by Improving Lipids and Susceptibility of LDL to Oxidation in Type 2 Diabetes Patients; In this study, we investigate the effect of argan oil consumption on serum lipids, apolipoproteins (AI and B), CRP, and LDL susceptibility to oxidation in type 2 diabetic patients which are known to have a high level of cardiovascular risk due to lipid abnormalities and lipid peroxidation. For that, 86 type 2 diabetic patients with dyslipidemia were randomized to one group consuming 25 mL/day of argan oil during 3 weeks and control group consuming 20 g/day of butter in breakfast. After argan oil intervention, serum triglycerides decreased by 11.84%, (P = 0.001), total chol by 9.13%, (P = 0.01), and LDL-chol by 11.81%, (P = 0.02). However, HDL-chol and Apo AI increased (10.51%, P = 0.01 and 9.40%, P = 0.045, resp.). Susceptibility of LDL to lipid peroxidation was significantly reduced by increasing of 20.95%, (P = 0.038) in lag phase after argan oil consumption. In conclusion, we show for the first time that consumption of argan oil may have an antiatherogenic effect by improving lipids, and the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation in type 2 diabetes patients with dyslipidemia, and can therefore be recommended in the nutritional management of type 2 diabetes.
Ingestion of medium chain fatty acids by lactating dairy cows increases concentrations of plasma ghrelin; The purpose of this study was to elucidate the effects of medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) on plasma ghrelin concentration in lactating dairy cows. Five early-lactating Holstein cows were randomly assigned to 2 dietary treatments in a crossover design with 2-wk periods. Treatments consisted of diets supplemented or not (control) with calcium salts of MCFAs (MCFA-Ca; 1.5% dry matter). Plasma hormone and metabolite concentrations in blood samples taken from the jugular vein were measured on the morning of feeding on day 14 of each period. Dry matter intake, milk protein, and lactose content of cows fed the MCFA-Ca diet were decreased compared with controls, but with no change in milk yield. Plasma ghrelin concentrations were higher in cows fed the MCFA-Ca diet; however, no significant effect was found on glucagon-like peptide-1 concentrations in plasma. Plasma insulin concentrations decreased, but plasma glucagon concentrations remained unchanged in cows fed the MCFA-Ca diet. The concentrations of nonesterified FAs, total cholesterol, and beta-hydroxybutyrate in plasma increased in these cows. In conclusion, dietary MCFAs increase the plasma ghrelin concentrations in lactating dairy cows. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial on probiotic soy milk and soy milk: effects on epigenetics and oxidative stress in patients with type II diabetes; This clinical trial aimed to discover the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on MLH1 and MSH2 promoter methylation, and oxidative stress among type II diabetic patients. Forty patients with type II diabetes mellitus aged 35-68 years were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. Patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus plantarumA7, while those in the control group consumed 200 ml/d of conventional soy milk for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements, and 24-h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the study, respectively. Probiotic soy milk significantly decreased promoter methylation in proximal and distal MLH1 promoter region (P < 0.01 and P < 0.0001, respectively) compared with the baseline values, while plasma concentration of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) decreased significantly compared with soy milk (P < 0.05). In addition, a significant increase in superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity was observed in probiotic soy milk group compared with baseline value (P < 0.01). There were no significant changes from baseline in the promoter methylation of MSH2 within either group (P > 0.05). The consumption of probiotic soy milk improved antioxidant status in type II diabetic patients and may decrease promoter methylation among these patients, indicating that probiotic soy milk is a promising agent for diabetes management.
Effects of probiotic soy milk on lipid panel in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy: A double-blind randomized clinical trial; Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are among the most common complications of diabetes. Lipid abnormalities in diabetic patients are not only related to higher risk of CVD, but also accelerate the progression of diabetic nephropathy. To the best of our knowledge, there is no study that has assessed the effects of probiotic soy milk on lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Objective: The current study was designed to examine the effects of consumption of soy milk containing lactobacillus plantarum A7 compared with conventional soy milk on lipid panel in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Methods: A total of 44 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy were randomly assigned to receive 200 ml/day of either probiotic soy milk (n=22) or conventional soy milk (n=22) for eight weeks, in this randomized double-blind clinical trial. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning and after eight weeks of the intervention for analysis of lipid profile and other relevant variables. P values < 0.05 were considered as statistically significant. Results: Consumption of probiotic soy milk for 8 weeks led to an increase in serum genistein (17.6 +/- 15.3 vs. 4.5 +/- 2.3, p=0.002) and eGFR (15.9 +/- 10.8 vs. 3.2 +/- 8.4, p<0.001) compared with conventional soy milk. Additionally probiotic soy milk resulted in decreased LDL-cholesterol (-9.2 +/- 10.4 vs. -2.2 +/- 5.2, p=0.01), total cholesterol (-12.4 +/- 4.8 vs. -4.87 +/- 14.7, p=0.04), non-HDL cholesterol (-15.3 +/- 4.5 vs. -5.9 +/- 14.7, p=0.01) and serum TG (-14.6 +/- 12.5 vs. -3.9 +/- 9.3, p=0.007) compared with control group. We did not detect any significant effect of probiotic soy milk on serum HDL-cholestrol (1.11 +/- 3.38 vs. 0.90 +/- 2.7, p=0.8) and serum phosphorus (-0.14 +/- 0.10 vs. 0.05 +/- 0.5, p=0.1). Conclusion: Administration of soy milk containing lactobacillus plantarum A7 in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy had beneficial effects on lipid profile and glomerular function, but did not affect HDL-cholesterol. In addition probiotic soy milk did not result in a significant elevation in the serum phosphorus concentration.
Effect of pharmacist-led patient education on glycemic control of type 2 diabetics: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of a clinical pharmacist-led patient education program for type 2 diabetic patients at Isfahan Endocrine & Metabolism Research Center (IEMRC) from April 2008 to January 2009. METHODS: In a randomized controlled clinical trial, a total of 172 patients with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes were selected and randomly allocated into control and intervention groups. After taking informed written consent, the intervention group received an educational program about oral anti-hyperglycemic medications, adherence, diabetes dairy log and pill box usage. Patient's glycemic control in the intervention group was followed for three months through either telephone or face to face interviews with the pharmacist. Fasting blood glucose and HbA1c were measured at the start and end of the pharmacist-led drug education program for both intervention and control groups. RESULTS: After a three months follow-up, mean fasting blood glucose and HbA1c of the patients in the intervention group decreased significantly compared to control group (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates an improvement in diabetes management of type 2 diabetics by involving a pharmacist in the multidisciplinary teams in the outpatient clinics. The results suggest the benefits of adding adherence education to the diabetic education programs.
Dietary patterns and the metabolic syndrome in middle aged women, Babol, Iran; It is important to elucidate the dietary factors contributing to the development of metabolic syndrome among middle-aged women to better prevent and manage the syndrome. The objective was to determine the relationship between dietary intake and metabolic syndrome in urban Babolian middle-aged women. Systematic random sampling was used to select 984 women 30-50 years of age from urban area of Babol, Mazandaran, Iran. Dietary patterns were evaluated using a food frequency questionnaire. The ATP III criteria were used to classify study participants as having the metabolic syndrome. Correlations of component foods with indices of the metabolic syndrome were assessed using Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (rho). The adjusted odds ratios (OR) and their 95% confidence intervals were obtained for the nutrient groups. Mean total kilocalories consumed per day were 2965. The study suggests that a good dietary pattern that is rich in fruits, legumes, vegetables, cereals, and fish (component 1), as well as high intake of dairy products and eggs (components 4) decrease the likelihood of having metabolic syndrome. The adjusted OR for the metabolic syndrome in women with low fat intake was higher than in women with high and moderate fat (OR= 2.92; 95%, CI= 1.36, 6.28). It is necessary to emphasize the benefits of lifestyle modification, including losing weight, and consumption of more fruits, legumes, vegetables, cereals, fish, dairy products in reducing the risk of the metabolic syndrome in middle aged women.
Whey protein lowers systolic blood pressure and Ca-caseinate reduces serum TAG after a high-fat meal in mildly hypertensive adults; Epidemiological studies show an inverse association between dairy consumption and blood pressure (BP) but there are few data on the postprandial effects of milk proteins. This study examined their effects, compared to maltodextrin, on postprandial BP and other CVD risk markers in volunteers with mild and pre-hypertension over an 8 h period. In this double-blinded, randomised, cross-over, controlled study 27 adults ingested a high-fat, isoenergetic breakfast and lunch with 28 g whey protein, 28 g Ca-caseinate or 27 g maltodextrin. Whey protein reduced systolic BP compared with Ca-caseinate (-15.2 +/- 13.6 mmHg) and maltodextrin (-23.4 +/- 10.5 mmHg) up to 5 h post-ingestion. There was an improvement in arterial stiffness after whey protein compared with maltodextrin (incremental Area Under the Curve-iAUC(0-8h): + 14.4 +/- 6.2%). Despite similar glucose levels after both whey protein and Ca-caseinate, whey protein induced a higher insulin response than Ca-caseinate (iAUC(0-8h): + 219.5 +/- 54.6 pmol/L). Ca-caseinate induced less suppression of non-esterified fatty acids than whey protein (iAUC(0-5h): -58.9 +/- 135.5 mu mol/L) and maltodextrin (iAUC(0-5h): -106.9 +/- 89.4 mu mol/L) and induced a smaller postprandial triacylglycerol response than whey protein (iAUC(0-8h): -1.68 +/- 0.6 mmol/L). Milk proteins co-ingestion with high-fat meals may have the potential to maintain or improve CVD risk factors.
Post-prandial effects of high-polyphenolic extra virgin olive oil on endothelial function in adults at risk for type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled crossover trial; Background: Effects of olive oil on cardiovascular risk have been controversial. We compared the effects of high-polyphenolic extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and refined olive oil without polyphenols on endothelial function (EF) in adults at risk for Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: Randomized, controlled, double-blind, crossover trial of 20 adults (mean age 56.1 years: 10 women, 10 men) at risk for T2DM (i.e., as defined by either prediabetes or metabolic syndrome) assigned to one of two possible sequence permutations of two different single dose treatments (50 mL of high-polyphenolic EVOO or 50 mL of refined olive oil without polyphenols), with 1-week washout. Participants received their olive oils in a smoothie consisting of 1/2 cup frozen blueberries and 1 cup (8 oz) low-fat vanilla yogurt blended together. Primary outcome measure was EF measured as flow-mediated dilatation. Participants were evaluated before and 2 h after ingestion of their assigned olive oil treatment. Results: EVOO acutely improved EF as compared to refined olive oil (1.2 +/- 6.5% versus -3.6 +/- 3.8%: p = 0.0086). No significant effects on systolic or diastolic blood pressure were observed. Conclusions: High-polyphenolic EVOO acutely enhanced EF in the study cohort whereas refined olive oil did not. Blood pressure effects were not observed. Reports on the vascular effects of olive oil ingestion should specify the characteristics of the oil. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Subchronic toxicity of oral deltamethrin in laying chickens; Pyrethroid pesticides, with low toxicity to birds and mammals and short persistence in the environment, are widely used now. With the development of intensive poultry farming, pesticide application leads to residues in poultry products and pollution in ecological environment. The aim of the present study was to examine deltamethrin subchronic toxicity in laying chickens. One hundred and twelve laying chickens were randomly assigned to 14 groups including 13 groups medicated with deltamethrin (n = 8) and one unmedicated group used as control (n = 8). Tissue samples were collected during and after administration for weighing and histopathological analysis. A single dose of deltamethrin (20 mg center dot kg(-1)center dot BW center dot d) was administered orally to laying chickens for 14 days. The results showed that deltamethrin has no significant effect on the relative organ weight of laying chickens (p > 0.05). The activities of aspartate aminotransferase and cholinesterase in the plasma gradually decreased over time in the medicated group (p < 0.05). Plasma concentrations of urea nitrogen, uric acid, cholesterol, triglycerides, and creatinine significantly increased during treatment (p < 0.05), and significant liver damage and loss of intestinal villous epithelium were observed. The intestinal wall thickness, villus height, and crypt depth of laying chickens were altered by deltamethrin treatment. During treatment was withdrawn, the intestinal repair was more extensive than the liver repair.
Association of obesity and diabetes with thyroid nodules; There are conflicting data concerning the possibility that obesity and diabetes raise the risk of thyroid nodules. The incidence of thyroid nodules is increasing, as is that of obesity and diabetes; therefore, understanding whether these metabolic and nutritional disorders influence nodular thyroid disease is important for organizing prevention strategies. This study investigated the association between thyroid nodules, obesity, diabetes, and dietary habits. A cohort of randomly selected adults (455 males, 746 females; age: 18-90 years) living in Palermo (Italy), a mild iodine deficiency area, was cross-sectionally investigated. Participants underwent high-resolution ultrasonographic evaluation of the thyroid, and answered a food frequency questionnaire. Laboratory blood measurements were obtained in 587 participants. Thyroid nodules were detected in 475 (39.5%) participants. The number of thyroid nodules was correlated with age (r = 0.19; P < 0.001), gender (r = 0.08; P = 0.005), and body mass index (r = 0.07; P = 0.02). No significant correlation was observed between the number of nodules and glycated hemoglobin, serum insulin concentrations, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance. Age-adjusted and gender-adjusted prevalence of both overweight/obesity and type 2 diabetes of each group of participants divided according to the number of nodules significantly increased with the number of nodules (P < 0.05 in both cases). The group of participants with nodules exhibited a significantly lower age-adjusted and gender-adjusted habitual intake of milk (P = 0.02). Multivariate regression analysis showed that age, gender, body mass index, diabetes, and habitual consumption of milk were independently correlated with presence of thyroid nodules. This study seems to indicate that an association exists between obesity, diabetes, and thyroid nodules.
The Effects of Pre- and Post-Exercise Whey vs. Casein Protein Consumption on Body Composition and Performance Measures in Collegiate Female Athletes; Two of the most popular forms of protein on the market are whey and casein. Both proteins are derived from milk but each protein differs in absorption rate and bioavailability, thus it is possible that each type of protein may contribute differently to the adaptations elicited through resistance training. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to investigate the potential effects of ingestion of two types of protein in conjunction with a controlled resistance training program in collegiate female basketball players. Sixteen NCAA Division III female basketball players were matched according to body mass and randomly assigned in a double-blind manner to consume 24 g whey protein (WP) (N = 8, 20.0 +/- 1.9 years, 1.58 +/- 0.27 m, 66.0 +/- 4.9 kg, 27.0 +/- 4.9 %BF) or 24 g casein protein (CP) (N = 8, 21.0 +/- 2.8 years, 1.53 +/- 0.29 m, 68.0 +/- 2.9 kg, 25.0 +/- 5.7 %BF) immediately pre- and post-exercise for eight weeks. Subjects participated in a supervised 4-day per week undulating periodized training program. At 0 and 8 weeks, subjects underwent DXA body composition analysis, and at 0 and 8 weeks underwent one repetition maximum (1RM) strength, muscle endurance, vertical jump, 5-10-5 agility run, and broad jump testing sessions. Data were analyzed using repeated measures ANOVA, and presented as mean +/- SD changes from baseline after 60 days. No significant group x time interaction effects were observed among groups in changes in any variable (p > 0.05). A significant time effect was observed for body fat (WP: -2.0 +/- 1.1 %BF; CP: -1.0 +/- 1.6 %BF, p < 0.001), lean mass (WP: 1.5 +/- 1.0 kg; CP: 1.4 +/- 1.0 kg, p < 0.001), fat mass (WP: -1.3 +/- 1.2 kg; CP: -0.6 +/- 1.4 kg, p < 0.001), leg press 1RM (WP: 88.7 +/- 43.9 kg; CP: 90.0 +/- 48.5 kg, p < 0.001), bench press 1RM (WP: 7.5 +/- 4.6 kg; CP: 4.3 +/- 4.5 kg, p = 0.01), vertical jump (WP: 4.1 +/- 1.8 cm; CP: 3.5 +/- 7.6 cm, p < 0.001), 5-10-5 (WP: -0.3 +/- 0.2 sec; CP: -0.09 +/- 0.42 sec, p < 0.001), and broad jump (WP: 10.4 +/- 6.6 cm; CP: 12.9 +/- 7.1 cm, p < 0.001). The combination of a controlled undulating resistance training program with pre- and post-exercise protein supplementation is capable of inducing significant changes in performance and body composition. There does not appear to be a difference in the performance-enhancing effects between whey and casein proteins.
Postprandial Triglyceride-Rich Lipoproteins from Type 2 Diabetic Women Stimulate Platelet Activation Regardless of the Fat Source in the Meal; Scope The aim of this study is to examine whether postprandial (PP) triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TGRL) secreted after a moderate fat intake would activate platelets differently according to their fatty acid (FA) composition. Methods and results In a parallel single-blind randomized trial, 30 women with type 2 diabetes are assigned a breakfast containing 20 g lipids from butter versus hazelnut-cocoa spread (HCS) rich in palm oil. Blood samples are collected at fasting and 4 h PP. FA composition of fasting and PP TGRL and their effects on the activation of platelets from healthy blood donors are assessed. Both breakfasts similarly increase plasma ApoB-48, plasma, and TGRL triglycerides (p < 0.05). TGRL mean diameter increases after both breakfasts and is greater after the butter breakfast. Both breakfasts are rich in palmitic acid, and the HCS breakfast contains 45% oleic acid. TGRL FA composition reflects the dietary FA composition. Pre-incubation of platelets with fasting and PP TGRL increases collagen-stimulated aggregation (p < 0.01 vs control). Fasting and PP TGRL similarly increase agonist-induced thromboxane B(2)concentrations, and this effect is concentration-dependent for PP TGRL. Conclusion PP TGRL from type 2 diabetic women after a palm-oil spread versus butter-based mixed meal induce similar acute in vitro platelet activation.
Study of the effect of <i>trans</i> fatty acids from ruminants on blood lipids and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease; Background: The intake of trans fatty acids (TFA) from industrially hydrogenated vegetable oils (iTFA) is known to have a deleterious effect on cardiovascular health, the effects of TFA from ruminants (rTFA) are virtually unknown. Objective: The purpose of the present study was to compare the effects of rTFA and iTFA on plasma LDL concentrations and other cardiovascular disease risk factors in healthy subjects. Design: In a double-blind, randomized crossover controlled study, 38 healthy men were fed each of 4 experimental isoenergetic diets lasting 4 wk each. The 4 diets were high in rTFA (10.2 g/2500 kcal), moderate in rTFA (4.2 g/2500 kcal), high in iTFA (10.2 g/2500 kcal), and low in TFA from any source (2.2 g/2500 kcal) (control diet). Results: Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly higher after the high- rTFA diet than after the control (P = 0.03) or the moderate- rTFA (P = 0.002) diet. Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations also were significantly (P = 0.02) higher after the iTFA diet than after the moderate-rTFA diet. Plasma HDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly (P = 0.02) lower after the high- rTFA diet than after the moderate-rTFA diet. Finally, all risk factors were comparable between the control and the moderate-rTFA diets. Conclusions: These results suggest that, whereas a high dietary intake of TFA from ruminants may adversely affect cholesterol homeostasis, moderate intakes of rTFA that are well above the upper limit of current human consumption have neutral effects on plasma lipids and other cardiovascular disease risk factors.
The role of yoghurt consumption in the management of type II diabetes; Enrichment of yoghurt with specific ingrdients beneficially affects the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). As far as the role of yoghurt in the management of DMII is concerned, the limited number of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) which have been conducted suggest that daily intake of yoghurt enriched with vitamin D and/or calcium as well as probiotics positively influences glycemic regulation and may contribute to more effective control of the disease. It is argued that the various ingredients which are already contained in the complex matrix of food, such as bioactive peptides, calcium, B-complex vitamins and beneficial microbes, as well as the fact that it can be used as a vehicle for the inclusion of other effective ingredients can have an impact on the metabolic control of diabetic patients. The aim of this review is to present the RCTs which have been conducted in the last decade in patients with DMII in an attempt to highlight the positive effects of yoghurt in the management of the disease.
EFFECT OF RAW CAMEL MILK IN TYPE 2 DIABETES ANIMAL MODELS AND PATIENTS: TEN MONTHS RANDOMISED STUDY; The efficacy of camel milk consumption as an adjunct to routine diabetes management in maintaining long-term glycaemia control in type 2 diabetes was assessed by 32 type 2 diabetes animal models and 12 patients. Thirty-two obese diabetic rats were divided into 4 groups according to method of random digits table. After 14 weeks treatment, it was observed that no significant variance compared Rosiglitazone Maleate group, Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group and camel milk group with normal group. In blood glucose, blood triglycerides, blood total cholesterol, and plasma insulin there were a statistically significant change compared with diabetes group. Rosiglitazone Maleate group and Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group showed significant variance in blood triglycerides (0.68+/-0.19 vs. 0.51+/-0.11 p<0.05), plasma insulin (43.52+/-18.93 vs. 26.49+/-5.60 p<0.05). Rosiglitazone Maleate+calnel milk group was more similar to normal group. Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group had better treatment of type 2 diabetes animal models than Rosiglitazone Maleate group. Throughout the duration of the study, 6 randomly assigned patients underwent routine diabetes management and 6 randomly assigned patients additionally undertook daily consumption of raw camel milk (500 ml/day). In both groups, the dose of potential Rosiglitazone Maleate administration was adjusted to maintain a euglycaemic. In the group receiving camel milk, there was a significant increase in body weight (74.6+/-5.2 to 78.3+/-3.4; p<0.05) and a significant reduction in mean blood sugar (123+/-19.8 to 94.2+/-14.3; p<0.001), plasma insulin (19.76+/-2.3 to 6.2+/-0.56; p<0.001), dose of drug (4.67+/-0.91 to 1.67+/-1.3; p<0.001), blood triglycerides (1.83+/- 0.38 to 1.42+/-0.94; p<0.001), blood total cholesterol (7.7+/-1.53 to 6.1+/-0.91; p<0.001) compared to the values at the initiation of the study. Based on the results, camel milk consumption may be considered as a useful prevention and adjunct to potential Rosiglitazone Maleate administration in the management of type 2 diabetes.
Daily intake of yogurt drink fortified either with vitamin D alone or in combination with added calcium causes a thyroid-independent increase of resting metabolic rate in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial; We investigated the effect of daily intake of yogurt drink fortified with either vitamin D alone or with added calcium on resting metabolic rate (RMR), thyroid hormones and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). A total of 75 adult subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to 1 of the 3 groups to receive either D-fortified yogurt drink (DY; 1000 IU vitamin D/day), Ca-D-fortified yogurt drink (CDY; 1000 IU vitamin D plus 500 mg calcium), or plain yogurt drink for 12 weeks. All assessments were done at the baseline and after the intervention. The concentrations of anti-thyroid peroxidase antibody (anti-TPO-Ab), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) had declined significantly compared with baseline values only in the CDY group. The mean RMR increased in both DY and CDY groups (p < 0.001 for both). Also, changes of serum concentrations of 25-hydroxycalciferol (B = 2.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.3 to 4.6, p = 0.001) and iPTH (B = -2.41, 95% CI = -4.5 to -0.31, p = 0.025) remained significant predictors of RMR changes even after adjustment for changes of serum concentrations of TSH (B = -18.2, 95% CI = -61.7 to 25.2, p = 0.406). Daily intake of vitamin D together with calcium at physiological doses has attenuating effect on anti-TPO-Ab and TSH. Also, vitamin D with or without added calcium causes a significant thyroid-independent increase in RMR in euthyroid subjects with T2D. Registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01229891. Novelty: Daily intake of vitamin D with calcium at physiological doses has attenuating effect on anti-TPO-Ab and TSH. Vitamin D with or without added calcium causes a thyroid-independent increase in RMR in euthyroid subjects with T2D.
Effect of Alcohol Fermented Feed on Lactating Performance, Blood Metabolites, Milk Fatty Acid Profile and Cholesterol Content in Holstein Lactating Cows; A feeding experiment with 40 lactating Holstein cows and 4 dietary treatments was conducted to investigate supplementation with different levels of alcohol fermented feed to the TMR on lactating performance, blood metabolites, milk fatty acid profile and cholesterol concentration of blood and milk. Forty Holstein lactating cows (106 +/- 24 d post-partum; mean +/- SD) were distributed into four groups and randomly assigned to one of four treatments with each containing 10 cows per treatment. The treatment supplemented with TMR (DM basis) as the control (CON), and CON mixed with alcohol-fermented feeds (AFF) at a level of 5%, 10% and 15% of the TMR as T1, T2 and T3, respectively. Dry matter intake and milk yield were not affected by supplementation of AFF. An increased 4% FCM in the milk occurred in cows fed T3 diet compared with CON, while T1 and T2 diets decreased 4% FCM in a dose dependent manner. Supplementation of AFF increased the concentration of albumin, total protein (TP), ammonia, and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol in serum compared with CON. In contrast, supplementation with AFF clearly decreased concentration of blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and total cholesterol (TC) compare with CON. AFF supplementation increased the proportion of C18:1n9 and C18:2n6 compared to CON. A decrease in the concentration of saturated fatty acid (SFA) for T1, T2 and T3 resulted in an increased unsaturated fatty acid (USFA) to SFA ratio compared to CON. Concentration of cholesterol in milk fat was reduced in proportion to the supplemental level of AFF. Feeding a diet supplemented with a moderate level AFF to lactating cows could be a way to alter the feed efficiency and fatty acid profile of milk by increasing potentially human consumer healthy fatty acid without detrimental effects on feed intake and milk production. A substantially decreased cholesterol proportion in milk induced by supplementation AFF suggests that alcohol fermented feed may improve milk cholesterol levels without any negative effects in lactating cows.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of soymilk supplementation with usual diet in premenopausal normolipidemic Japanese women; Background. The hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein concentrates on normolipidemic subjects still remains unclear. Our objective is to assess the effect of soymilk supplementation, a whole soy product, with usual diet on serum lipids in normolipidemic subjects. Methods. We conducted a randomized controlled trial on 60 premenopausal normolipidemic Japanese women. After excluding 8 subjects whose initial serum concentration of total cholesterol or triacyiglycerol was higher than 220 mg/dL (5.69 mmol/L) or 160 mg/dL (1.81 mmol/L), respectively, we encouraged the subjects in the soymilk-supplemented group (n = 27) to consume 400 mt (408 g) of commercial regular soymilk daily during two menstrual cycles. There were no significant differences in variables, including nutrient intake, between the soymilk-supplemented and control (n = 25) groups before the intervention. Results. After the trial, we observed a significant decrease of 10.9 mg/dL, or 5.3%, in serum concentration of total cholesterol in the soymilk-supplemented group. During the intervention, nutrient intake assessment showed significant increases in nutrient densities of vitamin E, polyunsaturated fatty acids, isoflavones, and P/S ratio and decreases in total energy and nutrient densities of vitamin C and green tea in this group. A statistically significant decrease in serum total cholesterol could still be observed even after excluding the estimated hypocholesterolemic effects of soymilk's polyunsaturated fatty acids. Conclusions. Our results suggest the hypocholesterolemic effect of soymilk, a traditional whole soy product, in Asian countries in normolipidemic subjects. (C) 2000 American Health Foundation and Academic Press.
Dairy consumption and risk of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis; AimsTo conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies in order to assess quantitatively the effect of dairy consumption on risk of metabolic syndrome. MethodsWe searched for eligible studies published up to March 2015 through the PubMed and Embase databases and reviewed the references of relevant articles. Random-effects models were used to calculate the pooled relative risks with 95% CIs after adjusting for several confounders. ResultsWe identified nine prospective cohort studies including a total of 35 379 subjects and 7322 incident cases of metabolic syndrome, and 12 cross-sectional studies including 37 706 subjects. In the meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies, the pooled relative risk of incidence of metabolic syndrome for the highest vs. the lowest category of dairy consumption was 0.85 (95% CI 0.73-0.98), and for a 1-serving/day increment of dairy consumption, the pooled relative risk was 0.88 (95% CI 0.82-0.95). In the meta-analysis of cross-sectional studies, the pooled relative risk of prevalence of metabolic syndrome for the highest vs. the lowest category of dairy consumption was 0.73 (95% CI 0.63-0.86). The association was not significantly different by geographical region, follow-up time and adjustment factors. ConclusionOur findings indicate that dairy consumption is inversely associated with the incidence and prevalence of metabolic syndrome. Further well-designed cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are warranted to provide definitive evidence.
Effect of calcium fortified milk supplementation with or without vitamin K on biochemical markers of bone turnover in premenopausal women; Objective: We compared the effect of supplementation with a fortified skimmed milk product (high calcium skim milk) with or without added phylloquinone (vitamin K,) on markers of bone formation and resorption in premenopausal women. Methods: Eighty-two women 20 to 35 y of age were randomly allocated to three groups. Two groups received two daily servings of high calcium skim milk (1000 mg/d of extra calcium) with or without added phylloquinone (80 mu g/d) for 16 wk, and a third control group received no supplementation. Bone density was assessed at baseline and the bone markers, total osteocalcin, type I N-terminal procollagen peptide, and cross-linked C-telopeptide of type I collagen were measured at baseline and at weeks 2, 12, and 16. Serum phylloquinone and undercarboxylated osteocalcin were measured in the control and vitamin K-supplemented groups at weeks 0 and 16. Results: Baseline values for age, body mass index, and bone density did not differ across groups. In vitamin K-supplemented women, mean serum phylloquinone concentrations increased from 0.27 to 0.76 mu g/L (P < 0.05) and undercarboxylated osteocalcin concentrations decreased from 9.68 to 4.46 mu g/L (P < 0.05) over 16 wk. Plasma cross-linked C-telopeptide of type I collagen, total osteocalcin, and type I N-terminal procollagen peptide levels decreased significantly in both supplemented groups compared with the control group over 16 wk (cross-linked C-telopeptide of type I collagen >30%, total osteocalcin and type I N-terminal procollagen peptide >15%). Conclusion: Fortified milk supplementation in premenopausal women reduced bone turnover significantly. Phylloquinone fortification substantially. improved vitamin K status but had no demonstrable additive effect on bone turnover in this short-term study. (C) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance in pregnant women: a randomized controlled trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Owing to excess body weight and increased secretion of inflammatory cytokines primarily during the third trimester, pregnancy is associated with elevated insulin resistance. To our knowledge, no report is available indicating the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on serum insulin levels in pregnant women. This study was designed to determine the effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance and serum insulin levels of Iranian pregnant women. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 70 primigravida pregnant women with singleton pregnancy at their third trimester were participated. We randomly assigned participants to consume 200 g per day of conventional (n=33) or the probiotic group (n=37) for 9 weeks. The probiotic yoghurt was a commercially available product prepared with the starter cultures of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus, enriched with probiotic culture of two strains of lactobacilli (Lactobacillus acidophilus LA5) and bifidobacteria (Bifidobacterium animalis BB12) with a total of min 1 x 10(7) colony-forming units. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 9-week intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin levels. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was used to calculate insulin resistance score. RESULTS: Although consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks did not affect serum insulin levels and HOMA-IR score, significant differences were found comparing changes in these variables between probiotic and conventional yogurts (changes from baseline in serum insulin levels: +1.2+/-1.2 vs +5.0+/-1.1 mu lU/ml, respectively, P=0.02; and in HOMA-IR score: -0.2+/-0.3 vs 0.7+/-0.2, respectively, P=0.01). CONCLUSIONS: It is concluded that in contrast to conventional yogurt, daily consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks maintains serum insulin levels and might help pregnant women prevent developing insulin resistance. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2013) 67, 71-74; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2012.189; published online 28 November 2012
Blood profile and meat quality of Holstein-Friesian steers finished on total mixed ration or flaxseed oil-supplemented pellet mixed with reed canary grass haylage; Holstein-Friesian steer beef production is renowned globally as a secondary product of the milk industry. Grass feeding is a common practice in raising Holstein steers because of its low cost. Furthermore, grass feeding is an alternative way to produce beef with a balanced n-6 to n-3 fatty acids (FAs) ratio. However, the performance and meat quality of Holstein-Friesian cattle is more likely to depend on a high-quality diet. The aim of this study was to observe whether feeding two mixed diets; a corn-based total mixed ration (TMR) with winter ryegrass (Lolium perenne) or flaxseed oil-supplemented pellets with reed canary grass haylage (n-3 mix) provided benefits on carcass weight, meat quality and FA composition compared with cattle fed with reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea) haylage alone. In all, 15 21-month-old Holstein-Friesian steers were randomly assigned to three group pens, were allowed free access to water and were fed different experimental diets for 150 days. Blood samples were taken a week before slaughter. Carcass weight and meat quality were evaluated after slaughter. Plasma lipid levels and aspartate aminotransferase (AST), -glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), creatine kinase (CK) and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activities were determined. Diet did not affect plasma triglyceride levels and GGT activity. Plasma cholesterol levels, including low-density and high-density lipoproteins, were higher in both mixed-diet groups than in the haylae group. The highest activities of plasma AST, CK and ALP were observed in the haylage group, followed by n-3 mix and TMR groups, respectively. Carcass weight was lower in the haylage group than in the other groups and no differences were found between the TMR and n-3 mix groups. Although the n-3 mix-fed and haylage-fed beef provided lower n-6 to n-3 FAs ratio than TMR-fed beef, the roasted beef obtained from the TMR group was more acceptable with better overall meat physicochemical properties and sensory scores. According to daily cost, carcass weight and n-6 to n-3 FAs ratio, the finishing diet containing flaxseed oil-supplemented pellets and reed canary grass haylage at the as-fed ratio of 40 : 60 could be beneficial for the production of n-3-enriched beef.
Intraruminal administration of <i>Megasphaera elsdenii</i> modulated rumen fermentation profile in mid-lactation dairy cows; This study evaluated the effects of intraruminal administration of Megasphaera elsdenii on ruminal fermentation patterns, the profile of plasma metabolites, and milk yield and composition of mid-lactation dairy cows. Eight primiparous, ruminally cannulated Holstein cows were arranged in a paired 2 x 2 crossover design. Cows were randomly assigned to one of two treatments: 1) intraruminal inoculation of 35 ml suspension per day of M. elsdenii ATCC 25940 (MEGA), containing 10(8) cfu/ml of bacteria, dissolved in 35 ml of saline (0.15 M), or 2) carrier alone (35 ml saline; CTR). Both postprandial and preprandial rumen volatile fatty acids (VFA) and plasma metabolite measurements were analysed. Postprandial VFA patterns were affected the most, with butyrate (P<0.01) and valerate (P<0.01) proportions increasing, and acetate (P<0.01), isobutyrate (P<0.05) and isovalerate (P<0.01) decreasing in MEGA cows. Preprandial data measured at various days showed that MEGA dosage tended to increase the molar proportion of propionate (P=0.09) and lower the acetate to propionate ratio (P=0.07) in the rumen fluid. There was no effect of treatment on rumen pH and on the concentration of lactate in the rumen as well as on selected preprandial plasma metabolites. Postprandial plasma concentrations of cholesterol tended to increase (P=0.07) in MEGA cows compared with CTR. Concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in the plasma were lower in MEGA cows after the morning feeding (P<0.01). Sampling hour also affected plasma NEFA in this study. Plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) were not affected by the treatment (P>0.05); however, after the morning feeding BHBA concentration was increased in both groups of cows. Dry matter intake and milk yield and composition were not affected by treatment. In conclusion, results indicate that M. elsdenii has the potential to modulate the rumen fermentation profile in mid-lactation Holstein cows, but these effects were only slightly reflected in changes in plasma metabolites and milk composition.
<i>Technical note</i>: Evaluating nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy for determining body composition in Holstein dairy calves using deuterium oxide dilution methods; Deuterium oxide (D2O) dilution methods have been used to assess body composition in live animals. Estimated body water content can be used to predict body fat and protein, and thus, the amount of energy reserves. It is an alternative method to direct chemical analysis and considered a noninvasive technique that is economical and repeatable. Deuterium oxide use is considered easy, safe, and accurate; however, the traditional methods of analyzing D2O are expensive, tedious, and time consuming. The objective of this study was to evaluate the potential for using nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (NMR) to determine body composition in Holstein dairy heifers. Nuclear magnetic resonance is less expensive and requires minutes to calculate the percentage of D2O in the blood. This study used 24 newborn dairy heifer calves blocked by birth and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: (1) 446 g dry matter (DM) of a conventional milk replacer (MR) [CON; 20% crude protein (CP), 20% fat], (2) 669 g DM of a moderately high protein MR (MOD; 26% CP, 18% fat), or (3) 892 g DM of a moderately high protein MR (aggressive, AGG; 26% CP, 18% fat). All calves had free-choice access to starter and water. Both MR and starter were medicated with decoquinate. During weaning (d 43 to 49), the morning MR feeding ceased. On d 50, all MR feedings ended but starter and water intakes were continuously recorded until d 56. When calves were 50 d of age, a baseline blood sample was taken followed by injection of 300 mg of D2O/kg of body weight in sterile physiological saline (0.9%). The syringes containing the D2O in physiological saline were weighed before and after administration to record the actual dose of D2O injected gravimetrically. After injection, the D2O was allowed to equilibrate with body water for 1 h. Six blood samples were taken over 6 d (1/d) at 1630 h to estimate the dilution of the tracer. The plasma was aspirated and stored at -20 degrees C until further D2O analysis. This new method was validated using 4 calf plasma samples that were sent to an outside laboratory for measurement using an independent validation method. We detected no differences in total body water, protein, fat, or mineral content in calves fed CON, MOD, or AGG; however, results demonstrated that the D2O dilution technique and analysis by NMR is an appropriate and easy method to estimate water, protein, ash, and fat in young heifers.
Yogurt improves insulin resistance and liver fat in obese women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Because consumption of conventional yogurt has beneficial effects in a healthy population, and insulin resistance (IR) is the mutual pathogenesis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), we hypothesized that yogurt would ameliorate IR in patients with NAFLD and MetS. Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of yogurt on IR and secondary endpoints including liver fat, gut microbiota, and serum biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in obese women with NAFLD and MetS. Methods: One hundred obese women aged 36-66 y with both NAFLD and MetS were randomly assigned to consume 220 g/d of either conventional yogurt or milk for 24 wk. At baseline and week 24, we measured anthropometric indices, serum glucose, insulin, lipids, and cytokines in all participants, and liver fat and gut microbiota in 20 participants randomly selected from each group. Results: Forty-eight participants from the yogurt group and 44 from the milk group completed the intervention. Compared with milk, yogurt significantly decreased the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (-0.53; 95% CI: -1.03, -0.02), fasting insulin (-2.77 mU/L; 95% CI: -4.91, -0.63 mU/L), 2-h insulin (-25.5 mU/L; 95% CI: -33.0, -17.9 mU/L), 2-h area under the curve for insulin (-29.4 mU/L . h; 95% CI: -44.0, -14.8 mU/L . h), alanine aminotransferase (-4.65 U/L; 95% CI: -8.67, -0.64 U/L), intrahepatic lipid (-3.44%; 95% CI: -6.19%, -0.68%), and hepatic fat fraction (-3.48%; 95% CI: -6.34%, -0.63%). Yogurt also decreased serum LPS (-0.31 EU/mL; 95% CI: -0.48, -0.14 EU/mL), fibroblast growth factor 21 (-57.76 pg/mL; 95% CI: -86.32, -29.19 pg/mL), lipids, and biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress, and altered gut microbiota composition. Mediation analysis showed that yogurt may improve IR by reducing serum lipids, inflammation, oxidative stress, and LPS. Conclusions: Yogurt was better than milk at ameliorating IR and liver fat in obese Chinese women with NAFLD and MetS, possibly by improving lipid metabolism, reducing inflammation, oxidative stress, and LPS, and changing the gut microbiota composition. This trial was registered at www.chictr.org.cn as ChiCTR-IPR-15006801.
The effects of fermented milk products (kefir and yogurt) and probiotic on performance, carcass characteristics, blood parameters, and gut microbial population in broiler chickens; This study was conducted to determine the effects of fermented milk products and probiotic on performance, carcass characteristics, blood parameters, and gut microbial population in broiler chickens. A total of 480 one-day-old Ross 308 broilers were allocated to 30 floor pens in a completely randomized design with six treatments, five replicates, and 16 chicks (eight males and eight females) in each replicate. On the first day, the male and female chicks were weighed and divided by the feather sexing method so that the average body weight of chicks was approximately equal in each pen. Treatments consisted of six groups (including control): group 1 had a basal diet and normal drinking water, group 2 had a basal diet and probiotics (PrimaLac (R)) in drinking water as recommended by the manufacturer, group 3 had a basal diet and 2 % yogurt in drinking water, group 4 had a basal diet and 4 % yogurt in drinking water, group 5 had a basal diet and 2 % kefir in drinking water, and group 6 had a basal diet and 4 % kefir in drinking water. Chemical and microbiological characteristics of kefir and yogurt were measured after each production. The results showed that 4 % kefir, yogurt, and probiotic at the recommend level in water improved body weight gain, feed intake, and feed conversion ratio compared with other groups (P < 0.05). The results indicated that treatment had a significant effect on the carcass yield, intestinal length, thigh yield, and abdominal fat in male and female chickens (P < 0.05). There were no effects on total bacteria population but the lactobacilli and coliform bacteria populations showed increasing and decreasing trends, respectively, with 4 % kefir, yogurt, and probiotic supplementation at 28 and 42 d (P < 0.05). In addition, blood glucose and total protein increased when using a high levels of kefir, yogurt, and probiotic in water, while cholesterol and LDL (low-density lipoprotein) concentrations were lower in 4 % kefir, yogurt, and probiotic at the recommended level. Consequently, the results of this study showed that the use of 4 % kefir, yogurt, and probiotic at recommended level in water had beneficial effects on the growth performance, intestinal bacteria population, and blood biochemical parameters in male and female broiler chickens.
Associations between Yogurt Consumption and Weight Gain and Risk of Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome: A Systematic Review; The role of yogurt consumption in the risk of developing overweight, obesity, or metabolic syndrome has been the subject of epidemiologic studies over the last 10 y. A comprehensive literature search on MEDLINE and ISI Web of Knowledge from 1966 through June 2016 was conducted to examine the relation between yogurt consumption and weight gain, as well as the risk of overweight, obesity, or metabolic syndrome, in prospective cohort studies. Ten articles met all the inclusion criteria and were included in our systematic review. Of the 10 cohort studies, 3 analyzed the relation between yogurt consumption and the risk of overweight or obesity, 8 analyzed changes in waist circumference or weight changes, 3 studied the association with the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, and 1 studied the probability of abdominal obesity reversion. Although an inverse association between yogurt consumption and the risk of developing overweight or obesity was not fully consistent or always statistically significant, all studies but one showed in their point estimates inverse associations between yogurt consumption and changes in waist circumference, changes in weight, risk of overweight or obesity, and risk of metabolic syndrome during follow-up, although not all estimates were statistically significant ( 2 studies). Prospective cohort studies consistently suggested that yogurt consumption may contribute to a reduction in adiposity indexes and the risk of metabolic syndrome. Therefore, there is a need for more prospective studies and high-quality randomized clinical trials to confirm this apparent inverse association.
Different responses of the retinal and cutaneous microcirculation to transient dysmetabolic conditions; Objective: This study evaluated the responses of the retinal and cutaneous microcirculation to acute hyperlipidemia and hyperhomocysteinemia. Methods: Twenty-five clinically healthy men (mean age 24 +/- 2 years) were studied four times in a randomized order, with intervals of at least one week between the two dietary interventions always preceded by a day for baseline assessment. The two interventions consisted of either 0.1 g/kg L-methionine to induce hyperhomocysteinemia or of 500 ml whipping cream (30% fat) to induce hyperlipidemia. Microvascular vasodilator responses to flickering-light and to cutaneous acetylcholine iontophoresis were assessed by retinal vessel analysis and laser Doppler flowmetry respectively. Results: The fat load produced significant increases in triglycerides and total cholesterol which was accompanied by a reduction of the retinal arterial flicker response. Methionine administration induced a threefold increase in homocysteine levels and a concomitant decrease in retinal venous flicker response. Acute hyperlipidemia and hyperhomocysteinemia had no effect on cutaneous microvascular vasodilator responses to acetylcholine. The inter-and intra-subject reproducibility was higher for retinal vessel analysis as compared to laser Doppler flowmetry. Conclusion: The retinal microcirculation is more sensitive to metabolic changes than the cutaneous microcirculation and can be reliably assessed by retinal vessel analysis. Reproducibility of retinal vessel analysis may be enhanced by multi-vessel assessment. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of treating olive cake with fibrolytic enzymes on feed intake, digestibility and performance in growing lambs; This research evaluated the effects of the addition of a blend of exogenous fibrolytic enzymes composed of a mixture of cellulase and xylanase (CX) to a high-fibre diet on growth performance of meat lambs. The diet contained olive cake (OC), and CX was added to this fibrous by-product at 0 (control, no addition of CX), 4 (CX04) or 16 (CX16) ml of the enzyme preparation per kg OC dry matter. The study was planned according to a quintuplicated 3 x 3 Latin square design, with three experimental treatments (control, CX04, CX16), three 21-day periods (14-day adaptation plus 7-day collection period) and 15 weaned male lambs (Queue Fine de l'Ouest) randomly assigned to the 5 replicates (3 lambs in each replicate). Intake of both dry matter and organic matter were increased (P < 0.05) by 4 % with CX addition. Fibre digestibility was increased (P < 0.05) by 6 % (0(04) and 8 % (CX16) as compared with control. Blood serum biochemistry were not affected (P > 0.05) by CX, except cholesterol concentration that was increased (P < 0.05). As compared with lambs fed the control diet, average daily weight gain was increased (P < 0.05) by 6 and 10 % when lambs were fed CX04 and CX16 diets, respectively. These results indicate that the supplementation of OC-based lamb diets with CX, even at relative low concentrations, improves lamb growth performance as a result of increasing feed intake and enhancing fibre digestibility with no adverse effects on animal health.
Postprandial endothelial activation in healthy subjects and in type 2 diabetic patients: Role of fat and carbohydrate meals; OBJECTIVES To compare the effect of a high-fat meal and a high-carbohydrate meal (pizza), with and without antioxidant vitamins, on endothelial activation in healthy subjects and in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. BACKGROUND The postprandial state is becoming increasingly acknowledged to affect some early events of atherogenesis. METHODS In a randomized, observer-blinded, crossover study, 20 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients and 20 age- and gender-matched healthy subjects received two meals at one-week intervals: a high-fat meal (760 calories) and an isoenergetic high-carbohydrate meal (non-cheese pizza). In all subjects, the same meals were repeated immediately following ingestion of vitamin E, 800 IU, and ascorbic acid, 1,000 mg. RESULTS In normal subjects, the high-fat meal increased the plasma levels of tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), which were prevented by vitamins. No change in these parameters occurred after pizza ingestion or pizza ingestion with vitamins. In diabetic patients, basal concentrations of glucose, cytokines and adhesion molecules were significantly higher than in nondiabetic controls. Both meals significantly increased cytokine and adhesion molecule levels, but the increase was more sustained following the high-fat meal. There was no significant change from baseline when vitamin supplementation accompanied each meal. There was a relationship between changes in serum triglycerides and changes in TNF-alpha (r = 0.39, p < 0.01), IL-6 (r = 0.28, p < 0.05) and VCAM-1 (r = 0.25, p < 0.05), and between changes in plasma glucose and changes in IL-6 (r = 0.36, p < 0.01) and ICAM-1 (r = 0.31, p < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS An oxidative mechanism mediates endothelial activation induced by post-meal hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia. (C) 2002 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
EFFECTS OF SUPPLEMENTATION WITH PROTECTED POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS ON PRODUCTIVE AND HORMONAL PARAMETERS OF EMBRYO RECIPIENT HEIFERS; Supplementation with protected polyunsaturated fatty acids (PPUFA) has positive effects on cow reproduction. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of adding a source of PPUFA to energy supplements for embryo recipient heifers on productive performance and plasma concentrations of progesterone, cholesterol and insulin. For this purpose, 44 Angus x Hereford embryo recipient heifers (average body weight = 385 kg) raised on pasture were studied in a completely randomized design. The effects of PPUFA added to isocaloric energy supplements for 60 days on production parameters and serum concentrations of cholesterol, progesterone and insulin were evaluated. The treatments consisted of individual supplementation with: 1) control (no supplement); 2) corn (corn, 70%; soybean meal, 30%); 3) PPUFA supplement (Megalac-E (R), 30%; soybean meal, 20%; commercial ration, 50%). The treatments did not affect (P>0.05) dry matter intake, pregnancy rates, or serum insulin concentration. However, PPUFA supplement increased (P<0.05) serum cholesterol and progesterone concentrations when compared to the other treatments. Despite the lack of a difference (P>0.05) in dry matter intake between treatments, PPUFA supplement increased (P<0.05) average daily gain compared to the control and corn treatments. The inclusion of PPUFA in energy supplements offered to heifers used in an embryo transfer program increased average daily gain and serum concentrations of cholesterol and progesterone, but did not affect pregnancy rates.
Investigation of different levels of RDP in the rations of lactating cows and their effects on MUN, BUN and urinary N excretion; Twenty-one multiparous Holstein cows in the late stages of their lactation period were used in complete randomized design to investigate the effect of rumendegradable protein on milk urea nitrogen (MUN) and some blood metabolites. Experimental periods were 6 weeks in length, with days 1 to 14 used for adjustment and weeks 3 to week 6 used for sampling (urine, blood, and milk). Three concentrations of a rumen-degradable protein (RDP) supplement according to National Research Council recommendations (9.3, 11.4, and 14% of dry matter intake) were treatments. Dietary RDP content altered both total urinary N and urinary N concentration, leading to increased urinary output. Estimations for microbial protein yield were compared with the measured excretion of purine derivativeas yeast RNA equivalent, in urine. No significant effect of concentration of RDP supplement was detected on microbial N production. Plasma cholesterol concentration decreased linearity by increasing RDP concentration in diets (P<.05). In this regard, milk urea nitrogen, as well as triglyceride concentration inplasma, was not associated with dietary RDP concentration. To ensure a correct balance between energy and protein available in the rumen and consequently higher N efficiency for late lactation cows, a MUN content of 15.1mg/dl milk isthe upper margin. Milk urea N is a simple and noninvasive measurement that can be used to monitor N efficiency in dairy cows.
Assessment of Suitable Fixed Timed Artificial Insemination Protocols for Therapeutic Management of Post-Partum Anestrous Cow in the Foothill of Eastern Himalaya; Fixed timed artificial insemination (FTAI) is nowadays a very popular reproductive technology to handle anestrous problems during the postpartum period of dairy cattle. Therefore, the present study was designed to assess the suitable fixed timed AI protocols for therapeutic management of post-partum anestrous in cows. A total of ninety cows were selected in and around the Aizawl district of Mizoram, India which lies within the tropics between latitude 21 degrees 56'N to 24 degrees 31'N and longitude 92 degrees 16'E to 93 degrees 26'E. The experimental cows were examined per rectum to study the ovarian and genital status after two months of calving. They were randomly divided into three groups; A, B and C, comprising 30 animals in each group and were treated by three fixed timed AI protocols; G6G (PGF day-0; GnRH 2, 8 days; PGF 15, 16 days, GnRH 17 days; FTAI 18 days), select-synch and co-synch, respectively. Blood samples were collected to study the serum levels of glucose, total cholesterol, calcium, phosphorus, estrogen and progesterone on day 0 (before starting the protocol) and day 1 (day before AI). The serum level of glucose, total cholesterol, calcium, phosphorus, estrogen and progesterone significantly low in post-partum anestrous cows on day 0. But after post therapy, the level of glucose, total cholesterol, calcium, phosphorus, estrogen increased significantly except progesterone hormone on day before AI within each group. The conception rates of G6G, co-synch and select-synch protocols were 33.33%, 56.66% and 96.66%, respectively. In conclusion, the select-synch protocol was found to be the best in comparison to G6G and co-synch protocols (P<0.05) for therapeutic management of post-partum anoestrous in cows.
Effect of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic neuropathic pain among patients with type 2 diabetes - A pilot study; Background objectives: Painful diabetic neuropathy is a common complication of diabetes and can severely limit patients daily functions. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety and effect of using a polyherbal formulation in reducing the symptoms of diabetic neuropathic pain in comparison with placebo among patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A total of 50 (M:F = 33:17) consecutive type 2 diabetes patients with painful diabetic neuropathy were enrolled in this study. All these patients had either two or more symptoms of diabetic neuropathy such as pain, burning and pricking sensations and numbness in their feet. They were randomly assigned to two groups: group 1 (n = 26) patients were treated with polyherbal formulation cream and group 2 (n = 24) patients were administered placebo. The patients were followed up for six months. Changes in the symptoms of painful diabetic neuropathy of each patient were recorded at baseline, third and sixth month using the Diabetic Neuropathic Score. Results: The mean age of the patients, duration of diabetes and glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c) ) were similar in both groups at baseline. During follow up visits, there was a decrease in the HbA(1c) levels in the study and control groups. The symptoms of painful diabetic neuropathy were also similar in both groups at baseline. A significant decrease in symptoms of neuropathic pain was observed among the group of patients treated with polyherbal formulation cream (76.9 per cent) compared to the placebo-treated group (12.5 per cent) (P < 0.001), at the end of the final follow up. Interpretation conclusions: In this pilot study polyherbal formulation cream was found to be effective as well as safe to treat painful diabetic neuropathy. However, its long term use needs to be evaluated for any further effectiveness and side effects.
Effects of probiotic, cinnamon, and synbiotic supplementation on glycemic control and antioxidant status in people with type 2 diabetes; a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Purpose The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of probiotic bacteria of Lactobacillus acidophilus, cinnamon powder and their combinations on the glycemic and antioxidant indices in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods A total of 136 patients randomized with type 2 diabetes entered the study and were randomly divided into four groups who were matched for age and gender. Thereafter, alongside their routine pharmacotherapy, each group followed one of the following diets: Group A: Lactobacillus acidophilus 10(8) cfu and 0.5 g of powdered cinnamon (synbiotic). Group B: Lactobacillus acidophilus (probiotic), Group C: powdered cinnamon. Group D: rice flour powder as placebo. At the beginning and end of the intervention, fasting blood sugar (FBS), HbA1c, advance glycation end products (AGE), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and antioxidant enzymes of superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and catalase (CAT) were measured. Results Following 3 months of treatment, the mean FBS level was decreased significantly in probiotic, cinnamon, and synbiotic supplementation groups compared with control (P<0.01). FBS levels in probiotic, cinnamon, and synbiotic groups were significantly decreased compared with the control group (P=0.001, P=0.063 and P= 0.001, respectively). The mean HbA1C in probiotic, cinnamon, and synbiotic groups were also decreased (P= 0.001, P=0.001 and P=0.04, respectively). The mean AGE in synbiotic group was significantly decreased (P=0.037). Probiotic, cinnamon and synbiotic all could improve antioxidant enzyme activity modestly. However, the most significant effect was seen in probiotic group. Conclusions According to the current results, the use of probiotic supplements (individually or in combination with cinnamon) leads to a reduction in blood glucose and an increase in antioxidant enzymes in people with type 2 diabetes.
Dietary fructose during the suckling period increases body weight and fatty acid uptake into skeletal muscle in adult rats; Objective: The suckling period is one potentially "critical" period during which nutritional intake may permanently "program" metabolism to promote increased adult body weight and insulin resistance in later life. This study determined whether fructose introduced during the suckling period altered body weight and induced changes in fatty acid transport leading to insulin resistance in adulthood in rats. Methods and Procedures: Pups were randomly assigned to one of four diets: suckle controls (SCs), rat milk substitute formula (Rat Milk Substitute), fructose-containing formula (Fructose), or galactose-containing formula (Galactose). Starting at weaning, all pups received the same diet; at 8 weeks of age, half of the SC rats began ingesting a diet containing 65% kcal fructose (SC-Fructose). This continued until animals were 12 weeks old and the study ended. Results: At weeks 8, 10, and 11, the Fructose group weighed more than SC and SC-Fructose groups (P < 0.05). At weeks 8 and 10 of age, the Fructose group had significantly higher insulin concentrations vs. rats in the SC-Fructose group. H-3-Palmitate transport into vesicles from hind limb skeletal muscle was higher in Fructose vs. SC rats (P < 0.05). CD36 expression was increased in the sarcolemma but not in whole tissue homogenates from skeletal muscle from Fructose rats (P < 0.05) suggesting a redistribution of this protein associated with fatty acid uptake across the plasma membrane. This change in subcellular localization of CD36 is associated with insulin resistance in muscle. Discussion: Consuming fructose during suckling may result in lifelong changes in body weight, insulin secretion, and fatty acid transport involving CD36 in muscle and ultimately promote insulin resistance.
Effect of supplementation with vegetable oil on performance of lactating Awassi ewes, growth of their lambs and on fatty acid profile of milk and blood of lambs; The present study investigated the effects of supplementing soybean oil (SBO) and sunflower oil (SFO) on the performance of early lactating Awassi ewes, growth of their sucking lambs and on the concentration of total fatty acids in milk and blood of suckling lambs. One hundred and twenty five ewes were randomly assigned into five equal sized treatment groups involved; a control total mixed ration (TMR) without added oil and four diets supplemented with 3 % SBO, 5 % SBO, 3 % SFO or 5 % SFO. Milk yield increased (P<0.05) in ewes fed 3 % SBO and 5 % SFO compared to control ewes. Milk protein content increased (P<0.05) in 3 % SBO, 3 % SFO and 5 % SFO groups in comparison to the control and 5 % SBO groups, whereas crude protein yield increased ((P<0.05) in 3 % and 5 % SFO groups compared to the control group. Plasma content of cholesterol in lamb was increased (P<0.05), while that of triglycerides was reduced (P<0.05). Supplementation with both oils reduced (P<0.05) short and medium chain fatty acids in milk fat but increased (P<0.05) C16:0, C17:1 and C18:0 content in milk fat. Supplementation also increased (P<0.05) the cis-9 trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) content in milk fat. However, SFO produced higher (P<0.05) values than SBO. Both oils led to more (P<0.05) total CLA in the plasma of suckling lambs. In conclusion, supplementing a moderate dose of SBO or SFO to the diets increased CLA concentration in milk fat. Nevertheless, supplementation with SFO was more effective than that with SBO in increasing CLA concentration in milk fat and improving milk quality from the human health standpoint.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with free plant sterols on the levels of serum lipids and plant sterols in moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a high-fat diet; This study examined the effect of plant sterols added, together with an emulsifying agent, to a low-fat yoghurt on the serum lipid and plant sterol values in moderately hypercholesterolaemic volunteers. Study I was a randomized double-blind, cross-over trial. For 4 weeks, 15 volunteers consumed yoghurt containing 1 g plant sterols or a placebo yoghurt. Study II was a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study. For 8 weeks, the sterol group (n = 12) ingested daily two yoghurts (2 g/day plant sterols) and the placebo group (n = 14) ingested two yoghurts without plant sterols. Study I: compared with the placebo, the sterol yoghurt reduced serum total cholesterol by 0.15 mmol/l (2.2%, P = 0.235) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 0.19 mmol/l (4.3%, P = 0.082), and increased serum campesterol by 0.26 mg/100 ml (P = 0.006) and sitosterol by 0.11 mg/100 ml (P = 0.015). Study II: compared with the placebo, the sterol yoghurt reduced serum total cholesterol by 0.41 mmol/l (6.3%, P = 0.167) and LDL cholesterol by 0.28 mmol/l (6.4%, P = 0.306), and increased serum campesterol by 0.28 mg/100 ml (P = 0.016) and sitosterol by 0.40 mg/100 ml (P = 0.206). Meta-analysis: the pooled treatment difference was -0.34 mmol/l (-5.2%, P = 0.173) in total cholesterol and was -0.26 mmol/l (-5.8%, P = 0.261) in LDL cholesterol, when the sterol yoghurt was compared with the placebo. A low-fat yoghurt enriched with 1-2 g/day plant sterols reduced serum cholesterol levels in moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Campesterol and sitosterol serum levels increased, but their concentration remained in the range of normal values.
Meta-analysis of the effect of herbal supplement on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes; Ethnopharmacological relevance: A variety of herbs has been used in traditional medicine for the treatment of diabetes. However, evidence is limited regarding the efficacy of individual herbs for glycemic control. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the effect of herbal supplement on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. Materials and methods: Randomized controlled trials were identified through electronic searches (MEDLINE, EMBASE and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials) up until February 2011, historical searches of relevant articles and personal contact with experts in the area. Studies were included in the meta-analysis if they were (1) randomized placebo-controlled trial of single herb aimed at assessing glycemic control in type 2 diabetes, (2) of at least 8 weeks duration, and (3) reporting HbA(1c). Treatment effect was estimated with mean difference in the final value of HbA(1c) and FBG between the treatment and the placebo groups. Results: Nine randomized, placebo-controlled trials (n = 487 patients) were identified. Ipomoea batatas, Silybum marianum and Trigonella foenum-graecum significantly improved glycemic control, whereas Cinnamomum cassia did not. The pooled mean differences in HbA(1c), were -0.30% (95% CI -0.04% to -0.57%; P = 0.02), -1.92%(95% CI -0.51% to -3.32%; P = 0.008), and -1.13%(95% CI -0.11% to -2.14%; P = 0.03), respectively, for Ipomoea batatas, Silybum marianum, and Trigonella foenum-graecum. The corresponding values for FBG were -10.20 mg/dL (95% CI -5.32 mg/dL to -15.08 mg/dL; P < 0.0001) and -38.05 mg/dL (95% CI -9.54 mg/dL to -66.57 mg/dL; P = 0.009), respectively, for Ipomoea batatas and Silybum marianum. Conclusions: The current evidence suggests that supplementation with Ipomoea batatas. Silybum marianum, and Trigonella foenum-graecum may improve glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. Such effect was not observed with Cinnamomum cassia. Given the limitations of the available studies and high heterogeneity of the study results for milk thistle and fenugreek, further high quality, large controlled trials using standardized preparation are warranted to better elucidate the effects of these herbs on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes patients. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A Healthy Nordic Diet Alters the Plasma Lipidomic Profile in Adults with Features of Metabolic Syndrome in a Multicenter Randomized Dietary Intervention; Background: A healthy Nordic diet is associated with improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors, but the effect on lipidomic profile is not known. Objective: The aim was to investigate how a healthy Nordic diet affects the fasting plasma lipidomic profile in subjects with metabolic syndrome. Methods: Men and women (n = 200) with features of metabolic syndrome [mean age: 55 y; body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 31.6] were randomly assigned to either a healthy Nordic (n = 104) or a control (n = 96) diet for 18 or 24 wk at 6 centers. Of the participants, 156 completed the study with plasma lipidomic measurements. The healthy Nordic diet consisted of whole grains, fruits, vegetables, berries, vegetable oils and margarines, fish, low-fat milk products, and low-fat meat. An average Nordic diet served as the control diet and included low-fiber cereal products, dairy fat-based spreads, regular-fatmilk products, and a limited amount of fruits, vegetables, and berries. Lipidomic profiles were measured at baseline, week 12, and the end of the intervention (18 or 24wk) by using ultraperformance liquid chromatography mass spectrometry. The effects of the diets on the lipid variables were analyzed with linear mixed-effects models. Data from centers with 18- or 24-wk duration were also analyzed separately. Results: Changes in 21 plasma lipids differed significantly between the groups at week 12 (false discovery rate P < 0.05), including increases in plasmalogens and decreases in ceramides in the healthy Nordic diet group compared with the control group. At the end of the study, changes in lipidomic profiles did not differ between the groups. However, when the intervention lasted 24 wk, changes in 8 plasma lipids that had been identified at 12 wk, including plasmalogens, were sustained. There were no differences in changes in plasma lipids between groups with an intervention of 18 wk. By the dietary biomarker score, adherence to diet did not explain the difference in the results related to the duration of the study. Conclusions: A healthy Nordic diet transiently modified the plasma lipidomic profile, specifically by increasing the concentrations of antioxidative plasmalogens and decreasing insulin resistance-inducing ceramides.
Study on effects of microbial fermented soyabean meal on production performances of sows and suckling piglets and its acting mechanism; Thirty-two crossbred (Large White x Landrace) gestating sows were used to study the effects of fermented soyabean meal (FSBM) on their reproduction performance and piglet production. Sows were randomly divided into four groups and fed diets containing 0, 5, 10 and 15% FSBM replacing the same amount of soyabean meal, respectively. The experimental periods lasted 58 days including 30 days of pre-farrowing and 28 days of post-farrowing. The results showed that nutrient digestibility of lactating sows as well as survival rate of suckling piglets were improved by FSBM additions during lactation (P < 0.05), but without significant effect on sow's reproduction during pregnancy (P > 0.05). The results also showed that non-fat milk solids, protease activity and lactic acid bacteria counts in sow's faeces, total antioxidant capacity, superoxide dismutase activity, glutathione and prolactin concentrations in lactating sow's serum were significantly increased (P < 0.05), while serum cholesterol and urea nitrogen concentrations, as well as phosphocreatine kinase and aspartate aminotransferase activities were decreased with FSBM addition (P < 0.05). It could be concluded that 10 - 15% FSBM addition in lactating sow's diets could increase sow's reproduction and piglet production.
Muscle p70S6K phosphorylation in response to soy and dairy rich meals in middle aged men with metabolic syndrome: a randomised crossover trial; Background: The mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway is the primary regulator of muscle protein synthesis. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is characterized by central obesity and insulin resistance; little is known about how MetS affects the sensitivity of the mTOR pathway to feeding. Methods: The responsiveness of mTOR pathway targets such as p706Sk to a high protein meal containing either dairy or soy foods was investigated in healthy insulin sensitive middle-aged men and those presenting with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Twenty male subjects (10 healthy controls, 10 MetS) participated in a single-blinded randomized cross-over study. In a random sequence, subjects ingested energy-matched breakfasts composed predominately of either dairy-protein or soy-protein foods. Skeletal muscle biopsies were collected in the fasted state and at 2 and 4 h post-meal ingestion for the analysis of mTOR-and insulin-signalling kinase activation. Results: Phosphorylated Akt and Insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS1) increased during the postabsorptive period with no difference between groups. mTOR (Ser448) and ribosomal protein S6 phosphorylation increased 2 h following dairy meal consumption only. p70S6K (Thr389) phosphorylation was increased after feeding only in the control subjects and not in the MetS group. Conclusions: These data demonstrate that the consumption of a dairy-protein rich but not a soy-protein rich breakfast activates the phosphorylation of mTOR and ribosomal protein S6, required for protein synthesis in human skeletal muscle. Unlike healthy controls, subjects with MetS did not increase muscle p70S6K(Thr389) phosphorylation in response to a mixed meal.
The influence of calcium supplement on body composition, weight loss and insulin resistance in obese adults receiving low calorie diet; BACKGROUND: Obesity and diabetes are the most important problems of public health. Evidence from molecular animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicate that calcium intake may have an influence on body composition, weight and insulin resistance. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of calcium supplementation on body composition, weight, insulin resistance and blood pressure in the face of calorie restriction in obese adults. METHODS: A double blind randomized placebo-controlled trial on 40 adults with Body Mass Index > 25kg/m(2) was conducted. Subjects were maintained for 24 weeks on a balanced deficit diet (-500 kcal/d deficit) and randomly assigned into two groups with 1000 mg ca/d as calcium carbonate or placebo. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in variables at the 12th and 24th week between the two groups. The lean mass showed no significant increase in the calcium group at the 12th week compared to baseline and in placebo group at the 24th week compared to the 12th week. The insulin concentration showed a significant decrease in the calcium group at the 12th week compared to the baseline (p < 0.05). The diastolic blood pressure had a significant decrease at the 24th week compared to the 12th week in both groups (p = 0.013-0.009). CONCLUSIONS: Results from this study suggest that 24 weeks of supplementation with 1000 mg ca/d did not have any effect on weight, body composition, insulin resistance and blood pressure beyond what can be achieved in an energy restricted diet in obese adults.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on inflammatory biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes; Introduction: The role of inflammatory cytokines in diabetes and its complications has been shown in some studies. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Forty-four patients with type 2 diabetes were participated in this randomized, double-blind controlled clinical trial and assigned to two intervention and control groups. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d probiotic yogurt and subjects in the control group consumed 300 g/d conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intakes, and serum levels of glucose, HbA1c, IL-6, TNF-alpha and hs-CRP were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention. Results: For anthropometric indices and dietary intakes, no significant differences were seen within and between groups post intervention (p> 0.05). The consumption of probiotic yogurt caused significant decrease in HbA1c and TNF-a levels (p- 0.032 and p- 0.040, respectively) in the intervention group. Conclusion: It is suggested that probiotic yogurt may be used as an alternative prevention approach and treatment method to control diabetic complications.
HEALTH STIMULATING PROPERTIES OF THE MOST POPULAR SOFT CHEESE IN EGYPT KARIESH MADE USING SKIMMED MILK UF-RETENTATE AND PROBIOTICS; Background. Soft skimmed-milk cheese Kariesh is the most popular soft cheese in Egypt. In the past, Karish cheese was traditionally produced by the random fermentation of milk speared its cream layer by the gravity force. Recently, its production has been carried out by several manufacturing procedures using, ultrafiltration (UF) - skimmed milk retentate, certain bacterial cultures, enzymatic coagulation, etc. Therefore, the biological and nutritional evaluations are required. The present study was conducted to evaluate the properties of such cheese coagulated using different procedures involving probiotic strains with emphasis on some chemical and biological attributes. Material and methods. Kariesh cheeses were manufactured without whey drainage from UF cow's skimmed milk concentrate coagulated either by 3% yoghurt bacterial starter culture (YC), 3% probiotic starter culture (ABT type) or 2.5% glucono delta lactone (GDL) added whether separately or incorporated with rennet (0.05 ml/kg) to achieve the acidic-enzymatic coagulation in comparison with those made conventionally using un-concentrated milk coagulated either by 2% of YC or ABT added whether separately or incorporated with rennet (0.25 ml/kg). Due to the fact that whey is naturally needed to drain in the conventional (C) procedure, the use of GDL as coagulant was eliminated. Results. The obtained results indicated that the application of UF-technique in Kariesh cheese industry was associated with significant increments in the values of protein, ash and pH. Moreover, the electrophoretical patterns of UF-Kariesh cheese obtained with the incorporation between YC, ABT or GDL and rennet were distinguished with the presence of the band of glycomacropeptide, which is normally lost in the whey through the C-procedure. Furthermore, the food intake (FI), body weight gain (BWG), food efficiency ratio (FER), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoproteins (HDL), total, as well as ionized Ca of blood and the count of lactic acid bacteria of feces of rats were significantly heightened, while low density lipoprotein (LDL) level was lowered as they fed on UF-cheeses, especially when coagulated using ABT, those caused the strongest persistence against the rat colon tumor, which was induced by the injection with 1,2 di-methyl hydrazine. The use of ABT led to raise the dry matter (DM) and ash of Kariesh cheese. Also, the FI, BWG, FER, TG, total, as well as ionized Ca of blood and the count of lactic acid bacteria of feces of rats were significantly increased, while TC, HDL and LDL of blood, as well as coliform count of feces of rats were significantly declined. The incorporation of enzymatic with acidic coagulation in Kariesh cheese manufacture increased significantly the values of ash and pH. However, the cheese figures of DM, protein and titratable acidity were decreased. Also, the values of FI, BWG, FER, TC, HDL, LDL and feces LAB of rats were lowered. Whilst, the values of TG, total as well as ionized Ca and feces coliform of rats were increased.
Effect of diabetes nutrition education on the dietary feeding practices and lifestyle of type 2 diabetic patients; Background Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the most common global diseases of public concern. In developing countries like Uganda, dietary habits and sedentary lifestyle are the major factors for rapidly rising incidence of DM. Therefore, awareness about diabetes dietary practices and life style are paramount in the control of the disease. Methodology One hundred type 2 diabetic patients were randomly selected and divided into two groups of intervention and control (50 patients in each group) to participate in the study. The intervention consisted of two educational sessions each for 30 min with various learning segments. A conversation map for type 2 diabetes, 24-h dietary recall and glycemic load tables were used. Data were collected using a pre-tested questionnaire before intervention and on monthly basis for a period of four months of intervention. Data were entered and analyzed using SPSS software version 21. Results There was a significant (p < 0.001) increase in water, vegetables, fruits, and number of meals intake per day coupled with quitting alcohol, soda, and beer among the intervention group. On the other hand, it was revealed that meat and milk consumption significantly reduced by 81.6 and 82.4% respectively among the intervention group. At the end of study period, milk, meat, vegetable, beer, soda, cigarettes intake, and duration of physical activity increased among the control group. Conclusions Nutrition education improves dietary feeding practices and lifestyle among type 2 diabetes patients within four months of intervention.
Soya products and serum lipids: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Soya proteins and isoflavones have been reported to exert beneficial effects on the serum lipid profile. More recently, this claim is being challenged. The objective of this study was to comprehensively examine the effects of soya consumption on the lipid profile using published trials. A detailed literature search was conducted via MEDLINE (from 2004 through February 2014), CENTRAL (The Cochrane Controlled Clinical Trials Register) and ClinicalTrials.gov for randomised controlled trials assessing the effects of soya on the lipid profile. The primary effect measure was the difference in means of the final measurements between the intervention and control groups. In all, thirty-five studies (fifty comparisons) were included in our analyses. Treatment duration ranged from 4 weeks to 1 year. Intake of soya products resulted in a significant reduction in serum LDL-cholesterol concentration, -483 (95 % CI -734, -231) mg/dl, TAG, -492 (95 % CI -779, -204) mg/dl, and total cholesterol (TC) concentrations, -533 (95 % CI -835, -230) mg/dl. There was also a significant increase in serum HDL-cholesterol concentration, 140 (95 % CI 058, 223) mg/dl. The I-2 statistic ranged from 92 to 99 %, indicating significant heterogeneity. LDL reductions were more marked in hypercholesterolaemic patients, -747 (95 % CI -1179, -316) mg/dl, than in healthy subjects, -296 (95 % CI -528, -065) mg/dl. LDL reduction was stronger when whole soya products (soya milk, soyabeans and nuts) were used as the test regimen, -1106 (95 % CI -1574, -637) mg/dl, as opposed to when processed' soya extracts, -317 (95 % CI -575, -058) mg/dl, were used. These data are consistent with the beneficial effects of soya proteins on serum LDL, HDL, TAG and TC concentrations. The effect was stronger in hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Whole soya foods appeared to be more beneficial than soya supplementation, whereas isoflavone supplementation had no effects on the lipid profile.
Effects of peripartum propylene glycol supplementation on nitrogen metabolism, body composition, and gene expression for the major protein degradation pathways in skeletal muscle in dairy cows; Early-lactating dairy cows mobilize body protein to provide amino acids that are directed toward gluconeogenesis and milk protein synthesis. Propylene glycol (PG) is a precursor of ruminal propionate, and feeding PG has been reported to improve energy supply by increasing blood glucose. Our hypothesis was that feeding PG could spare body protein by providing an alternative source of carbon for gluconeogenesis. The major objectives of this study were 1) to delineate the effects of pre- and postpartum PG supplementation in transition dairy cows on whole-body nitrogen balance, urinary 3-methylhistidine (3-MH) excretion, body composition, and gene expression profiles for the major protein degradation pathways in skeletal muscle; and 2) to characterize the changes in body protein metabolism during the periparturient period. Sixteen pregnant cows (7 primiparous and 9 multiparous) were paired based on expected calving dates and then randomly assigned within each pair to either a basal diet (control) or basal diet plus 600 mL/d of PG. Diets were fed twice daily for ad libitum intake, and PG was fed in equal amounts as a top dress from d -7 to d 45. All measurements were conducted at 3 time intervals starting at d -14 +/- 5, d 15, and d 38 relative to calving. Propylene glycol had no effect on whole-body N balance, urinary 3-MH excretion, or body composition. However, N balance was lower at d 15 and 38, compared with d -14. Urinary excretion of 3-MH was lower at d -14 than at d 15 and 38. Supplemental PG had no effect on body weight (BW) and all components of empty BW. On average, cows fed both diets mobilized 19 kg of body fat and 14 kg of body protein between d -14 and d 38. Supplemental PG had no effect on mRNA abundance in skeletal muscle for m-calpain, and the 14-kDa ubiquitin-carrier protein E2 (14-kDa E2) and proteasome 26S subunit-ATPase components of the ubiquitin-mediated proteolytic pathway; however, PG supplementation downregulated mRNA expression for mu-calpain at d 15, and tended to downregulate mRNA expression for ubiquitin at d 15 and 38. Relative to calving, mRNA abundance for m- and mu-calpain, ubiquitin, and 14-kDa E2 were greater at d 15 compared with d -14 and d 38. In summary, these results indicate that transitional effects on whole-body metabolism and gene expression for the Ca2+-dependent and ubiquitin-mediated proteolytic pathways in skeletal muscle were more pronounced than those elicited by PG supplementation.
Plasma concentrations of cortisol, thyroid hormone, lipids metabolites and corporal temperature of lactating Alpine goats submitted to heat stress; The objective of this work was to determine the plasma concentrations of cortisol, thyroid hormone, lipids metabolites and corporal temperature or lactating Alpine goats submitted to heat stress. Six lactating Alpine goats were allotted randomly in a crossover experimental design for two groups: thermoneutral conditions or thermal stress. An adaptation period of 28 days was followed by Four-periods of 14 days each, when the animals submitted to thermal stress were exposed to the average temperature of 33.84 degrees C; THI of 86.20; BGT of 36.18 and BT of 32.11 degrees C from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm, including simulated solar radiation from 10:00 am to 3:00 pm. There were no differences between the groups in the plasma concentrations of cortisol, thyroid hormones (T-3-triiodothyronine and T-(4) tiroxine), and lipid metabolites (cholesterol and HDL). Rectal temperature was higher during thermal stress when compared to the group of animals in thermoneutral conditions. The goats maintained the thyroid plasma hormone concentrations, when exposed to repealed and intermittent stress, in spite of the occurrence of hypertermia during heat stress.
Efficacy of the Synbiotic Supplementation on the Metabolic Factors in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized, Triple-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background. Metabolic syndrome is overwhelmingly increasing and is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disorder, so effective treatment strategies are considered high priority. This study aimed to determine the effects of synbiotic supplementation on metabolic factors in patients with metabolic syndrome. Methods. In this triple-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, clinical trial, 108 participants were divided into two groups to receive synbiotic supplementation or placebo for 12 weeks. All participants were also educated about maintaining a healthy lifestyle and consuming low-calorie nutritious meals, along with dietary intake and physical activity monitoring. Anthropometric measures, blood pressure, glycemic indices, lipid profile, hepatic enzymes, and hs-CRP were evaluated at the baseline and end of the trial. Results. Synbiotic supplementation significantly reduces fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels in the intervention group versus placebo group [-14.69 +/- 15.11 mg/dl vs. -8.23 +/- 7.90 mg/dl; p=0.007], but there was no difference between groups in other metabolic factors. Conclusions. These findings suggest that synbiotic supplementation while following a healthy lifestyle and nutrition improved FBG in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Stimulation of follicle growth and development during estrus in Ettawa Grade does fed a flushing supplement of different polyunsaturated fatty acids; Background and Aim: Flushing with the manipulation of fatty acids, particularly polyunsaturated fatty acids, like linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids in the ration, is a strategy to raise the nutritional status of the female mammals to improve ovarian function and follicle development. This study was designed to investigate the effectiveness of flushing supplementation with different types of polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids in stimulating follicle growth and development during estrus in Ettawa Grade does with a low initial body condition score (BCS <= 2). Materials and Methods: Eighteen Ettawa Grade does in the second parity, with an average body weight of 32.11 +/- 2.19 kg, were divided into three groups according to the fatty acid supplemented to their ration: (i) About 2.8% lauric acid flushing (group); (ii) 2.8% linoleic acid flushing (LA group): and (iii) 2.8% alpha-linolenic acid flushing (ALA group). The ration was formulated to be isocaloric (total digestible nutrient = 77%) and isonitrogenous (crude protein = 15%). The experiment was conducted for 35 days: that is, 14 days for acclimatization and synchronization of the estrous cycle and 21 days for fatty acid flushing until the appearance of the next estrus. A completely randomized design was applied. Results: According to the results, none of the different fatty acids in the ration affected the nutrient intakes. BCSs, average daily gains, and plasma glucose, cholesterol, and progesterone concentrations of the three groups of does. However, the BCSs (by 0.8-0.9) and the plasma cholesterol concentrations were higher after fatty acid flushing for 21 days than before the flushing period. The ALA group had the highest number of large-sized preovulatory follicles, whereas the LAURIC group had the highest plasma estradiol concentration during estrus. All three groups had similar plasma progesterone concentrations during estrus after fatty acid flushing. Conclusion: Flushing supplementation with 2.8% ALA from flaxseed oil gave the best results in terms of stimulating the highest number of large-sized preovulatoiy follicles in Ettawa Grade does.
Meta-analysis of dietary chitosan effects on performance, nutrient utilization, and product characteristics of ruminants; Chitosan (CHI) has been used as a feed additive in ruminant diets, but the effects obtained to date have been varied. This study aimed to evaluate the dietary addition of CHI on performance, nutrient utilization, and product characteristics of ruminants by using a meta-analysis approach. A total of 15 articles that composed of 21 studies and 57 data points were included in the database. Number of articles reported the effects of dietary CHI addition were six on beef cattle, seven on dairy cows, and two papers on sheep. Data analysis was based on the mixed model methodology, in which CHI addition levels were considered as fixed effects whereas different studies were treated as random effects. Results revealed that, across various studies, CHI decreased ruminal acetate proportion (p < 0.05) and increased propionate proportion (p < 0.01). Dry matter and crude protein digestibility were elevated due to CHI addition (p < 0.05). CHI decreased blood cholesterol level (p < 0.05) and increased monounsaturated fatty acid proportion in the milk (p < 0.05). However, CHI addition had no effect on dry matter intake, milk production, and milk efficiency of ruminants. In conclusion, CHI is able to modify rumen fermentation towards a favorable direction, but it limitedly affects performance of ruminants.
Effect of camel milk in comparison with cow milk on blood glucose and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized clinical trial; Context: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common metabolic disorder. In traditional medicine, camel milk has been used in the treatment of some of diseases such as diabetes. The studies on effect of camel milk on glycemic control are limited and contradictory. Aims: The effect of camel milk on blood glucose and lipids in T2DM patients and compare it with the control group. Setting and Design: This case-controlled clinical trial study was performed in the endocrinology clinic in Iran. Materials and Methods: 50 patients with T2DM were allocated into two groups. 25 participants in the intervention group consumed 500 ml camel milk and 25 participants in the control group consumed 500 ml cow milk daily for 8 weeks. Weight, fasting blood sugar (FBS), total cholesterol (TC), and triglyceride (TG) were measured at the baseline and end of intervention. Statistical Analysis Used: Data were analyzed using SPSS v.16, independent t-test and analysis of covariance. Results: Mean of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and TG concentration was significantly decreased in the camel milk group at the end of the study (P < 0.05). There was an increase in HbA1c in the cow's milk group, while the TG was not changed in this group. No significant differences were shown in weight, FBS, and TC at the end of the study in comparison with baseline values in any of the two groups. Conclusion: Camel milk can improve glycemic control according to HbA1c index. It might contribute to decreasing TG level in patients with T2DM.
Impact of protein-rich meals on glycaemic response of rice; Asians typically consume carbohydrate-rich and high-glycaemic-index diets that have been associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Rice is rarely eaten alone such that it is of interest to investigate the effects of co-ingesting different protein-rich meals with rice on insulin and glycaemic response. This study had a randomised, controlled, non-blind, cross-over design in which fifteen healthy Chinese male participants were required to come on non-consecutive days. Five rice-based test meals were served: rice alone (control), rice with fish (RWF), rice with egg white (RWE), rice with soya beancurd (taukwa) (RWT) and rice with chicken (RWC). The control meal consisted of 50 g of available carbohydrate, whereas all other test meals contained additional 25 g of protein. RWT was the only meal that showed significantly lower glucose response when compared with the control (P<005). RWF and RWE had significantly higher insulin response, but no significant increase was observed in RWT and RWC when compared with the control (P<005). RWT and RWF showed significantly higher glucagon secretion as compared with the control (P<005). The four test meals studied showed varying effects, with RWT showing the greatest reduction in glycaemic response. Therefore, the ingestion of soya beancurd with rice may have a direct impact on reducing the risk in Asians transiting from being pre-diabetics to diabetics.
Insulin, Insulin Everywhere: A Rare Case Report of Rabson-Mendenhall Syndrome; Rabson-Mendenhall syndrome (RMS) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by severe insulin resistance, a condition in which the body's tissues and organs do not respond appropriately to the hormone insulin. Insulin resistance impairs blood sugar regulation and ultimately leads to diabetes mellitus. A 19-year-old male presented with joint pain, blurring of vision, and generalized weakness. Investigations revealed hyperglycemia (random blood sugar (RBS) > 625 mg/dL, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) 18%), as well as sugars, protein, and ketone bodies in urine routine examination. An ultrasound of the abdomen was normal. Cardiac status was normal. Based on the clinical features, particularly the head to toe examination, skin changes, and the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, RMS syndrome was considered. The joint pain was alleviated with intravenous tramadol. Actrapida, a fast-acting insulin, was given to control sugar levels, along with metformin. Vitamin B12 and pregabalin were also supplemented. A dermatological cream containing ammonium chloride, calcium lactate, glycerin, potassium chloride, sodium dihydrogen phosphate, and urea was given for skincare. It is an extremely rare disease with a frequency of fewer than one million people worldwide. Most patients survive only up to 15 years of age, although some can live into their third decade of life. Hepatic gluconeogenesis and fatty acid oxidation are affected, leading to ketoacidosis. The progression is much faster in RMS. In RMS, the genetic defect affects the insulin receptor (INSR) gene transcription with non-sense mutations and causes splicing defects. This results in premature chain termination and eventually to lower amounts of the insulin receptor messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA). Ultimately, the number and density of insulin receptors in the plasma membrane are smaller, making the cells resistant to insulin. Herein, we report the case of a 19-year-old patient with RMS who was treated in our hospital, leading to a successful improvement in symptoms and discharge of the patient.
EFFECTS OF COOKED LENTILS ON GLYCEMIC CONTROL AND BLOOD LIPIDS OF PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes mellitus is the most important endocrine disease worldwide. Scientists recommend consumption of low glycemic index (LGI) foods for prevention and control of diabetess. This study was designed to test the effects of cooked lentil as a LGI food on blood glucose and lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: In a randomized cross-over clinical trial, 30 individuals with type 2 diabetes were randomly divided into 2 groups (A and B). At the 1st step, group A followed the normal diet and group B followed normal diet plus 50 g cooked lentil and 6 g canula oil substitute of 30g bread and 20 g cheese. After 6 weeks these two groups stopped their diets and put on wash out period for 3 weeks and later the diets were switched between them and continued for another 6-weekperiod. Anthropometric measurements, dietary intakes, serum lipids and glucose levels were determined at the beginning and the end of each period. Data was analyzed by Food Processor II and SPSS-13 softwares. RESULTS: Body mass index, LDL-C, HDL-C, triglycerides and serum Fructozamine were not significantly influenced by treatment whereas total cholesterol and fasting blood glucose decreased significantly (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Cooked lentil consumption as a LGI food in breakfast can control FBS and serum total cholesterol. It might be a good regimen for improving glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients.
The association between meat consumption and the metabolic syndrome: a cross-sectional study and meta-analysis; The findings regarding the associations between red meat, fish and poultry consumption, and the metabolic syndrome (Mets) have been inconclusive, and evidence from Chinese populations is scarce. A cross-sectional study was performed to investigate the associations between red meat, fish and poultry consumption, and the prevalence of the Mets and its components among the residents of Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou, China. A total of 4424 participants were eligible for the analysis. A logistic regression model was used to estimate the OR and 95 % CI for the prevalence of the Mets and its components according to red meat, fish and poultry consumption. In addition, the data of our cross-sectional study were meta-analysed under a random effects model along with those of published observational studies to generate the summary relative risks (RR) of the associations between the highest v. lowest categories of red meat, fish and poultry consumption and the Mets and its components. In the cross-sectional study, the multivariable-adjusted OR for the highest v. lowest quartiles of consumption was 1 center dot 23 (95 % CI 1 center dot 02, 1 center dot 48) for red meat, 0 center dot 83 (95 % CI 0 center dot 72, 0 center dot 97) for fish and 0 center dot 93 (95 % CI 0 center dot 74, 1 center dot 18) for poultry. In the meta-analysis, the pooled RR for the highest v. lowest categories of consumption was 1 center dot 20 (95 % CI 1 center dot 06, 1 center dot 35) for red meat, 0 center dot 88 (95 % CI 0 center dot 81, 0 center dot 96) for fish and 0 center dot 97 (95 % CI 0 center dot 85, 1 center dot 10) for poultry. The findings of both cross-sectional studies and meta-analyses indicated that the association between fish consumption and the Mets may be partly driven by the inverse association of fish consumption with elevated TAG and reduced HDL-cholesterol and, to a lesser extent, fasting plasma glucose. No clear pattern of associations was observed between red meat or poultry consumption and the components of the Mets. The current findings add weight to the evidence that the Mets may be positively associated with red meat consumption, inversely associated with fish consumption and neutrally associated with poultry consumption.
Effects of Combined Calcium and Vitamin D Supplementation on Insulin Secretion, Insulin Sensitivity and β-Cell Function in Multi-Ethnic Vitamin D-Deficient Adults at Risk for Type 2 Diabetes: A Pilot Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Objectives: To examine whether combined vitamin D and calcium supplementation improves insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, beta-cell function, inflammation and metabolic markers. Design: 6-month randomized, placebo-controlled trial. Participants: Ninety-five adults with serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] <= 55 nmol/L at risk of type 2 diabetes (with prediabetes or an AUSDRISK score >= 15) were randomized. Analyses included participants who completed the baseline and final visits (treatment n = 35; placebo n = 45). Intervention: Daily calcium carbonate (1,200 mg) and cholecalciferol [2,000-6,000 IU to target 25(OH)D >75 nmol/L] or matching placebos for 6 months. Measurements: Insulin sensitivity (HOMA2%S, Matsuda index), insulin secretion (insulinogenic index, area under the curve (AUC) for C-peptide) and beta-cell function (Matsuda index x AUC for C-peptide) derived from a 75 g 2-h OGTT; anthropometry; blood pressure; lipid profile; hs-CRP; TNF-alpha; IL-6; adiponectin; total and undercarboxylated osteocalcin. Results: Participants were middle-aged adults (mean age 54 years; 69% Europid) at risk of type 2 diabetes (48% with prediabetes). Compliance was >80% for calcium and vitamin D. Mean serum 25(OH)D concentration increased from 48 to 95 nmol/L in the treatment group (91% achieved >75 nmol/L), but remained unchanged in controls. There were no significant changes in insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and b-cell function, or in inflammatory and metabolic markers between or within the groups, before or after adjustment for potential confounders including waist circumference and season of recruitment. In a post hoc analysis restricted to participants with prediabetes, a significant beneficial effect of vitamin D and calcium supplementation on insulin sensitivity (HOMA%S and Matsuda) was observed. Conclusions: Daily vitamin D and calcium supplementation for 6 months may not change OGTT-derived measures of insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and beta-cell function in multi-ethnic adults with low vitamin D status at risk of type 2 diabetes. However, in participants with prediabetes, supplementation with vitamin D and calcium may improve insulin sensitivity.
The Effects of Dairy Product and Dairy Protein Intake on Inflammation: A Systematic Review of the Literature; Systemic inflammation is associated with obesity and chronic disease risk. Intake of dairy foods is associated with reduced risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease; however, the impact of dairy foods on inflammation is not well-established. The objective of this study was to conduct a systematic review to evaluate the effect of dairy product (milk, cheese, and yogurt) and dairy protein consumption on low-grade systemic inflammation in adults without severe inflammatory disorders. A literature search was completed in September 2019 using PubMed and CENTRAL as well as inspection of reference lists from relevant review articles. The search resulted in the identification of 27 randomized controlled trials which were included in this analysis. In the 19 trials which evaluated dairy products, 10 reported no effect of the intervention, while 8 reported a reduction in at least one biomarker of inflammation. All 8 trials that investigated dairy protein intake on markers of inflammation reported no effect of the intervention. The available literature suggests that dairy products and dairy proteins have neutral to beneficial effects on biomarkers of inflammation. Additional clinical studies designed using inflammatory biomarkers as the primary outcome are needed to fully elucidate the effects of dairy intake on inflammation.
Effects of parental dietary linoleic acid on growth performance, antioxidant capacity, and lipid metabolism in domestic pigeons (<i>Columba livia</i>); The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of dietary linoleic acid (LA) on growth performance, antioxidant capacity, and lipid metabolism in pigeon squabs by supplementing LA in their parental diets. A completely randomized design that consisted of a control group, 1% dietary LA addition group (LA1%), 2% dietary LA addition group (LA2%), and 4% dietary LA addition group (LA4%) was used. Six squabs from each treatment were randomly sampled at the day of hatch and days 7, 14, and 21 after hatch. The results showed that parental dietary LA had no significant influence (P > 0.05) on body weight (BW) gain or relative organ weights (% of BW) in squabs. The activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase, and glutathione peroxidase in the LA1% were significantly increased (P < 0.05) compared with those in the control group. The malondialdehyde content in the LA1% was significantly lower (P < 0.05) than that in the control group. The levels of serum triglyceride in the LA1% and LA2% were significantly decreased (P < 0.05) compared with those in the control group, whereas the serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level in the LA1% and LA2% and the free fatty acid level in the LA4% were significantly higher (P < 0.05) than those of the control group. The activities of lipoprotein lipase, hepatic lipase, and hormone-sensitive lipase in the LA1% were significantly higher (P < 0.05) than those in the control group. The 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase activity in the LA1% and the hormone-sensitive lipase activity in the LA4% were significantly decreased (P < 0.05) compared with those in the control group. The mRNA expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1, acyl-CoA 1, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor a was significantly upregulated (P < 0.05) in the LA1% compared with that in the control group. The Oil Red O staining area in the LA1% and LA2% was significantly reduced compared with that in the control group. The results indicated that although supplemental LA had negligible effects on growth and development in pigeon squabs, parental dietary LA at a concentration of 1% could have beneficial effects on maintaining squabs healthy as reflected by improved antioxidant capacity and lipid metabolism.
IMPROVING MILK AND SOYBEAN FERMENTED WITH PROBIOTIC BACTERIA ON HDL AND LDL BROILER BLOOD; Probiotics can play an important role in immunological, digestive and respiratory functions and could have a significant effect in alleviating lipid. Therefore, a study was conducted to evaluate the effect of Milk and Soybean Fermented with Probiotic on cholesterol status i.e. High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) and Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) indices of broilers. Materials and Methods: A total of 120, 5 weeks old broilers were used in this study in a Complete Randomized Design (CRD). The birds were randomly assigned into six treatment groups of P0, P1, P2, P3, P4 and P5 with 24 birds treatment G(1) replicated 4 times of 5 birds each. The broiler in first group (P0) basal feed, (P1) basal feed with cow's milk, (P2) basal feed with milk fermented, (P3) basal feed with soy milk fermented, (P4) basal feed with combination milk fermented and soy milk fermented, (P5) basal feed with combination milk fermented and soy milk fermented with different bacteria. Results: There were non-significant (p>0.05) increasing High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) level of broiler due to probiotic supplementation. Increasing blood HDL levels is (69.73 mg/dL) in group fed P4 (combination milk fermented and soy milk fermented) compared to control (45,16 mg/dL). A statistically significant (p<0.05) decrease in total number of Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) level. Lowest LDL level (33.36 mg/dL) was found in group fed (P4) combination milk fermented and soy milk fermented. In conclusion, addition of probiotic milk fermented with soy milk fermented had beneficial effect increasing HDL levels and decreasing LDL levels broiler blood.
The effect of supplementing rumen undegradable unsaturated fatty acids on marbling in early-weaned steers; The objective of this study was to determine if supplementation with a rumen undegradable unsaturated fatty acids (FA) source improved marbling deposition in early-weaned steers. All steers (Angus, n = 23; Angus x Hereford, n = 24) were weaned at 150 +/- 5 d of age. Steers were blocked by BW and breed and then randomly assigned to either control (CON; average 1.5 kg of corn gluten feed [CGF], n = 23) or isocaloric supplementation containing a rumen undegradable fat source (RUF; 200 g of Megalac-R added to an average of 1.06 kg of CGF, n = 24) offered 5 d/wk for 110 d. All steers had ad libitum access to pastures throughout treatment and received supplements individually. Steer BW and blood samples were collected at 0, 55, and 110 d of supplementation, and real-time ultrasound measurements were collected at d 110. Following treatment, steers were transported to Oklahoma State University for finishing and subsequent harvesting at a commercial plant. All data were analyzed using the PROC MIXED procedure of SAS either as repeated measures or ANOVA depending on parameters. There were no significant changes in BW from the beginning of treatment to harvest due to treatment. Ultrasound data showed that RUF steers tended (P = 0.08) to have more i.m. fat than CON at d 110. Serum concentrations of FA showed a treatment x day interaction (P < 0.02) for 16:0, 18:0, 18:1c-9, 18:2, 20: 4, and total FA. These specific FA concentrations slightly increased in CON steers, but there was a more pronounced increase in the concentration of these FA across the supplementation period in RUF steers. Serum triglyceride and cholesterol concentrations were increased (P < 0.01) on d 55 and 110 in RUF steers compared with those in CON steers. Serum leptin concentration in RUF steers was greater (P < 0.01) than CON steers at d 110. After harvest, RUF carcasses had greater (P = 0.01) marbling scores than those of CON carcasses. All other carcass measures were similar between treatments. The percentage of total lipids was increased (P = 0.011) in steaks from RUF compared to CON. There was a decrease (P < 0.05) in adipocyte diameter in i.m. fat depot of RUF steers compared to CON. There was also a tendency (P = 0.06) for RUF steers to have a greater percentage of 20 to 30 mu m adipocytes in their i.m. depot than CON steers. This study indicates that supplementation of unsaturated FA can positively impact marbling deposition in early-weaned steers without impacting other carcass measures.
Effects of Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension diet on androgens, antioxidant status and body composition in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised controlled trial; BackgroundPolycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disease in reproductive age women. The present study aimed to determine the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on reproductive hormones, plasma total antioxidant status and anthropometric indices in overweight and obese PCOS women. MethodsIn this randomised controlled clinical trial, 60 women with PCOS were randomly assigned to one of two diets with energy restriction: the DASH diet and a control diet. The DASH and control diets consisted of 50-55% carbohydrate, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The DASH diet was designed to be rich in vegetables, fruits, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, as well as low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains and sweets. In the present study, the anthropometric indices, body composition, total testosterone, androstenedione, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), free androgen index and 2,2-diphenyl-1-picryylhydrazyl (DPPH) scavenging activity were measured before and after 3 months. ResultsThe consumption of DASH diet compared to the control diet was associated with a significant reduction in weight [-5.78 (1.91) kg versus -4.34 (2.87) kg, P = 0.032], body mass index (BMI) [-2.29 (0.15) kg m(-2) versus -1.69 (0.20) kg m(-2), P = 0.02], fat mass [-3.23(1.66) kg versus -2.13 (1.26) kg, P = 0.008] and serum androstenedione [-1.75 (1.39) ng mL(-1) versus -1.02 (0.72) ng mL(-1), P-value = 0.019]. Increased concentrations of SHBG [28.80 (21.71) versus 11.66(18.82) nmol L-1, P = 0.003) and DPPH scavenging activity [30.23% (19.09) versus 12.97% (25.12) were also found in the DASH group. ConclusionsThe DASH diet could improve weight loss, BMI and fat mass. Furthermore, it could result in a significant reduction in serum androstenedione and a significant increase in antioxidant status and SHBG.
Paraoxonase 1 Activity in Chylomicrons and VLDL: The Effect of Type 2 Diabetes and Meals Rich in Saturated Fat and Oleic Acid; Paraoxonase 1 (PON 1) has antioxidant and cardioprotective properties and is abnormally low in type 2 diabetic serum. This study aimed to determine the effect of type 2 diabetes and meals rich in saturated fat and oleic acid on PON1 activity in chylomicrons and very low density lipoproteins (VLDL). PON1 arylesterase activity was measured in chylomicrons and VLDL that were isolated in serum from 20 patients with type 2 diabetes and 20 age- and gender-matched, overweight controls 3 h after meals rich in cream or olive oil in a randomized, cross-over study. Chylomicron-PON1 activity (45%, P = 0.02), ratio chylomicron-PON1/chylomicron-triacylglycerides (TAG) (42%, P = 0.03) and chylomicron-protein content (46%, P < 0.001) were significantly lower in patients with type 2 diabetes compared with controls after the olive oil meal with comparable findings after the meal rich in cream. After ingestion of olive oil, chylomicron-PON1 activity was significantly higher in controls (P = 0.01) and marginally higher (P = 0.06) in diabetic patients and chylomicron-TAG were significantly (P < 0. 05) higher in both groups of subjects, compared with values after ingestion of cream. VLDL-PON1 increased (two-fold) significantly (P < 0.003) during both meals. Chylomicron-PON1 activity was correlated significantly with chylomicron-protein (P < 0.001, n = 40) and with postprandial serum PON1 activity (P a parts per thousand currency sign 0.001, n = 40). Our data suggest that type 2 diabetes is associated with abnormally low chylomicron-PON1 activity after fatty meals and this may be linked to lower chylomicron-protein content and serum PON1 activity. Switching from saturated fat to olive oil in the meal increases PON1 activity in the chylomicron fraction largely due to increased numbers of chylomicron particles.
Dairy attentuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome; Background: Oxidative and inflammatory stress are elevated in obesity and are further augmented in metabolic syndrome. We showed previously that dairy components suppress the adipocyte- and macrophage-mediated generation of reactive oxygen species and inflammatory cytokines and systemic oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers in obesity. Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the early (7 d) and sustained (4 and 12 wk) effects of adequate-dairy (AD) compared with low-dairy (LD) diets in subjects with metabolic syndrome. Design: Forty overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome were randomly assigned to receive AD (3.5 daily servings) or LD (<0.5 daily servings) weight-maintenance diets for 12 wk. Oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers were assessed at 0, 1, 4, and 12 wk as primary outcomes; body weight and composition were measured at 0, 4, and 12 wk as secondary outcomes. Results: AD decreased malondialdehyde and oxidized LDL at 7 d (35% and 11%, respectively; P < 0.01), with further decreases by 12 wk. Inflammatory markers were suppressed with intake of AD, with decreases in tumor necrosis factor-alpha at 7 d and further reductions through 12 wk (35%; P < 0.05); decreases in interleukin-6 (21%; P < 0.02) and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (14% decrease at 4 wk, 24% decrease at 12 wk; P < 0.05); and a corresponding 55% increase in adiponectin at 12 wk (P < 0.01). LD exerted no effect on oxidative or inflammatory markers. Diet had no effect on body weight; however, AD significantly reduced waist circumference and trunk fat (P < 0.01 for both), and LD exerted no effect. Conclusion: An increase in dairy intake attenuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01266330. Am J Clin Nutr 2011;94:422-30.
Effects of vitamin D-fortified yogurt in comparison to oral vitamin D supplement on hyperlipidemia in pre-diabetic patients: A randomized clinical trial; In this study, the effect of vitamin D-fortified yogurt consumption and oral vitamin D supplementation on serum lipid profile in pre-diabetic patients with hyperlipidemia was investigated. This study was performed on 60 pre-diabetes patients who were randomly divided into two groups: group A (recipient of fortified yogurt with 1000 IU vitamin D) and group B (recipient of oral vitamin D supplement in a dose of 1000 IU) for three months. The mean serum level of 25(OH) D-3 was increased significantly in the fortified yogurt group (P = 0.001) and the oral supplement group (p < 0.001). The within-group analysis of lipid indices showed a significant reduction in the mean serum triglyceride levels in the fortified yogurt group (P = 0.001) and oral supplement group (P < 0.001), Also, showed a significant reduction in mean serum total cholesterol, LDL-C (P < 0.001) and HDL-C (P = 0.01) in both groups. The between-group comparison analysis of mean lipid indices changes showed that serum level of Triglyceride in oral supplement group were significantly more than fortified yogurt group (P = 0.03). Yogurt fortification with vitamin D could be suitable strategy to reduce the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and consequently to improve the serum lipid profile in hyperlipidemic individuals.
Effects of rumen-protected folic acid addition in maternal and post-weaning diets on growth performance, total tract digestibility, ruminal fermentation and blood metabolites in lambs; This study was performed to investigate the influence of maternal and post-weaning rumenprotected folic acid (RPFA) addition on growth performance, total tract digestibility, rumen fermentation parameters and blood metabolites of lambs. Sixty-six Hu lambs (50 +/- 4.3 days of age and 16.4 +/- 3.84 kg of body weight [BW], mean +/- SD) from 120 Hu ewes (24 +/- 4.2 months of age and 44.6 +/- 5.43 kg of BW) were selected based on litter size, sex, BW and maternal diets and then assigned to six groups using a randomized block experimental design in a 3 x 2 factorial arrangement. The first factor was supplementary level of RPFA in the maternal diets and the different treatments included 0 mg (M0F), 16 mg (M16 F) and 32 mg (M32 F) FA per kg dry matter (DM). The second factor was the RPFA addition level in the offspring diets with 0 mg [OC] and 4.0 mg [OF] FA per kg DM. Lambs were fed a total mixed ration with a roughage-to-concentrate ratio of 50:50 on a DM basis. Average daily gain (ADG) of pre-weaning lambs showed a quadratic increase in response to RPFA added in the maternal diets. After weaning, dry matter intake was not affected by treatments. The ADG increased and the feed conversion ratio (FCR) decreased by lamb RPFA addition. Total tract digestibility of DM, organic matter and crude protein was higher for OF than for OC, and total tract digestibility of ether extract and neutral detergent fibre increased with maternal RPFA addition. The ruminal pH decreased, whereas total volatile fatty acid levels increased with maternal RPFA addition. The acetate to propionate ratio was elevated with maternal and/or lamb RPFA addition. Activities of amylase, trypsin, chymotrypsin and lipase in the intestinal chyme also increased with maternal RPFA addition. Concentrations of blood glucose, albumin, total protein, very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), folate, growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) were greater for OF than for OC. Similarly, blood glucose, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, VLDL, folate and IGF-1 were elevated with maternal RPFA addition. These results indicate that addition of RPFA to the maternal and/or lamb diets promoted growth performance of the lambs by improving ruminal fermentation, intestinal enzymes activity, total tract digestibility and hormone secretion.
Milk thistle seeds and rosemary leaves as rabbit growth promoters; The trial aimed to study milk thistle seeds (MTS) and rosemary leaves (RL) as natural growth promoters for rabbits during 28-91 days of age. A total of 100 weaned rabbits were distributed into 5 groups (20 rabbits/group) fed the same basal diet. The 1st group (control) was unsupplemented, the 2nd and 3rd groups were supplemented with MTS at 5 and 10 g/kg, while the 4th and 5th groups were fed the basal diet supplemented with RL at 5 and 10 g/kg, respectively. MTS at 10g/kg significantly increased growth rate compared with the same dose of RI. In comparison to the control both MTS and RL5 were found to significantly increase growth rate, while MTS at both levels of supplementation resulted in a significant increase of feed intake. All the supplemented groups had a better feed conversion ratio than the control, with the best values obtained in the MTS10 and RL5 groups. Digestibility of crude protein, organic and dry matter of the MTSIO and RL5 groups exceeded those in the other groups. In relation to the control MTS and RI, significantly increased red blood cell counts (RBCs), while RL also increased PCV, Hgb and MCHC. Lymphocyte were significantly increased at 5g/kg of both supplements compared to the control and the RL10 groups. There were significant decreases in the ALT and MAST ratios in the supplemented groups compared to the control, while total anti-oxidant capacity (TAC) was higher in the supplemented groups. The total and LDL cholesterol levels were the lowest in the RL10 group. The MTS10 group had a higher dressing percentage compared with the RL10 and control groups. In turn, the MTS10 group showed moderate lymphoid follicle activation in the spleen and an increase in the absorption area of the ileum. DWI levels of RL resulted in low counts of spermatogenic cells.
SOY MILK AND GINGER (<i>SULEHE</i>) INCREASE PPAR-γ EXPRESSION IN A RAT MODEL OF INSULIN RESISTANCE; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus type 2 is metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia due to a defect in insulin secretion resulting in insulin resistance. This disease leads to dysfunction of various organs including eyes, kidneys, and heart. One of the alternative diets which can be consumed is a mixture of soy milk and ginger (Indonesian: Susu kedelai dan jahe (Sulehe)). Sulehe contains isoflavones, PUFAs, and gingerols that are affected by insulin resistance. AIM: This study was aimed to discover the effect of Sulehe on peroxisome expression proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma) in a rat model of insulin resistance. METHODS: Twenty-four rats were divided into six study groups: (1) negative control, (2) positive control, (3) soy milk 5 g/kg BB diet, (4) ginger 500 mg/kg BB diet, (5) Sulehe (soy milk 2500 mg/kg BB + ginger 250 mg/kg BB) diet, (6) Sulehe (soy milk 5000 mg/kg BB + ginger 500 mg/kg BB) diet. This research belonged to experimental in vivo laboratory study with all replications of each treatment across all subjects is completely randomized, and data retrieval with a post-test only control group design. RESULTS: The mean PPAR-gamma activity in normal (control) rats was 578 +/- 82.02. Sulehe (soy milk 5000 g + ginger 500 mg) diet can increase rat PPAR-gamma activity up to 1158 +/- 53.74. The significant different result achieved when p-value on ANOVA analysis is less than 0.05 (p<0.05). According to the ANOVA analysis, there was a significant difference in PPAR-gamma in the combination of soy milk + ginger 500 mg, with a difference of -345.5, compared with control. CONCLUSION: In summary, Sulehe may be a potential agent to influence PPAR-gamma expression.
Lemongrass supplementation to Farafra ewes improved feed utilization, lactational performance and milk nutritive value in the subtropics; Application of phytogenic feed additives in livestock production is a sustainable practice and the search for more phytogenic options continues. This study was conducted to investigate the impact of lemongrass supplementation on nutrient utilization, rumen fermentation and milk production and composition. Thirty gestating Farafra ewes were randomly assigned to three experimental treatments of control (without a supplement), or with the supplementation of 5 g (LEM5 treatment), or 10 g of lemongrass/ewe/d (LEM10 treatment) for 12 weeks. Lemongrass supplementation at both doses did not influence ( p > 0.05) nutrient intake, but improved nutrient digestibility (p < 0.05). Furthermore, LEM5 and LEM10 treatments improved (p <= 0.001) ruminal total volatile fatty acids, acetate and propionate. Blood glucose was increased (p < 0.05) and cholesterol was decreased in ewes supplemented with lemongrass at both doses. Milk yield, energy corrected milk yield, and milk component were improved (p <= 0.001) in ewes supplemented with lemongrass at 5 and 10 g while the feed efficiency was decreased. Lemongrass supplementation at both doses increased (p = 0.040) the proportion of milk total conjugated linoleic acid without affecting other milk fatty acids. In most of the parameters evaluated, there was no significant difference between LEM5 and LEM10. Therefore, lemongrass supplementation at 5 g/ewe/d can be used in dairy production with positive impacts.
Growth performance, rumen fermentation, nutrient utilization, and metabolic profile of dairy heifers limit-fed distillers dried grains with ad libitum forage; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of feeding a corn- and soybean-product-based concentrate mix or distillers dried grains with solubles concentrate mix with ad libitum grass hay to dairy heifers. A 16-wk randomized complete block design study was conducted using 24 heifers [18 Holstein and 6 Brown Swiss; 219 +/- 2 d of age (+/- standard deviation); 230 +/- 4 kg of body weight] to evaluate the effect of diet on dry matter intake (DMI), growth performance, rumen fermentation, metabolic profile, and nutrient digestibility. Treatments were (1) corn and soybean product concentrate mix, and (2) distillers-dried- grains-with-solubles-based concentrate mix (DDG). Both concentrate mixes were limit-fed at 0.8% of body weight and grass hay was offered ad libitum. Heifers were individually fed using Calan gates and orts were recorded daily at feeding. Heifers were weighed every 2 wk and ration concentrate mix offered was adjusted accordingly. Frame measurements and body condition score were recorded every 2 wk. Rumen fluid was collected via esophageal tubing during wk 12 and 16 for pH, ammonia N, and volatile fatty acid analysis. Jugular blood samples were collected every 4 wk for metabolite and metabolic hormone analysis. Total-tract digestibility of nutrients was evaluated during wk 16 by fecal grab sampling. No treatment by week interactions were observed for any of the growth measurements and growth measurements and DMI did not differ between treatments. A treatment by time interaction was observed for rumen butyrate percentage with heifers fed DDG having a greater percentage. Total volatile fatty acid concentration, acetate molar percentage, and acetate:propionate decreased with the DDG treatment, whereas propionate molar percentage increased. No treatment by week interactions were observed for any of the metabolites or metabolic hormones measured. A tendency was observed for glucose and plasma urea nitrogen concentration to decrease with DDG. Plasma cholesterol and insulin increased with DDG. Results demonstrated that limit-feeding heifers DDG at 0.8%. of body weight with ad libitum grass hay maintained growth performance, average daily gain, DMI, and gain Teed, with shifts in the metabolic profile compared with the corn and soybean product concentrate mix.
Effect of supplementing calcium salts of n-3 and n-6 fatty acid to pregnant nonlactating cows on colostrum composition, milk yield, and reproductive performance of dairy cows; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of dietary supplementation with calcium salts of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids (FA) during the last 3 weeks of gestation on colostrum composition and productive and reproductive performance of nulliparous and parous Holstein cows during the entire subsequent lactation. During the last 3 weeks of pregnancy, cattle (n = 120), within parity, were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments, no fat supplement (CON), a Ca-salt supplement enriched in C18:2n-6 (CSO), or a Ca-salt supplement enriched in eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid FA (CFO). After calving, all cows received a common lactation diet. As expected, cows fed CSO or CFO produced colostrum with higher (P < 0.01) contents of n-6 or n-3 FA, respectively. Colostrum yield and composition were not affected by treatments, but cows fed fat produced colostrum with higher (P < 0.01) IgG concentration. The major impact of treatments on productive and reproductive performance was observed for the contrast comparison of supplemental fat (CSO and CFO) compared with CON. Body weight was not affected by treatments, but at 14 weeks after parturition, cows fed fat tended (P = 0.07) to have a greater body condition score compared with CON cows. Milk yield and 4% fat corrected milk were higher (P < 0.001) for cows fed fat compared with CON (37.8, 34.9 versus 35.2, 33.0 kg/d, respectively) during the experimental period. Milk fat content was higher (P < 0.001) in CON cows compared with cows fed fat (36.1 vs. 34.9 g/kg, P < 0.001). Plasma cholesterol concentrations were higher (P <= 0.02) for both fat supplement groups during the pre- and postpartum period, but plasma concentration of non-esterified FA was lower (P < 0.01) for fat supplemented compared with CON-supplemented cows during postpartum. Fat-supplemented cows had shorter days to first estrus and first insemination (P < 0.04). Total reproductive disorders tended (P = 0.06) to be lower in cows fed supplemental fat than in those fed CON. Cows fed supplemental fat had lower (P = 0.01) incidences of total health disorders compared with those fed CON diet. In summary, prepartum fat supplementation increased milk yield during the entire lactation and improved reproductive performance. Our findings suggest that the benefits of supplemental polyunsaturated FA during the prepartum period only is independent of the n-type of FA.
Prevalence of Complementary Alternative Medicine Use among Patients With Type II Diabetes in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia; The uses of Complementary and Alternative Medicine (CAM) among patients with chronic diseases are becoming increasingly popular. This was a descriptive cross-sectional study conducted in 45 government health clinics across Negeri Sembilan. Respondents at diabetes clinics were selected via systematic random sampling and interviewed using structured questionnaire. CAM usage was divided into three groups; CAM use for diabetes (CAM-DM), CAM use for general health (CAM-G) and Non CAM user. The prevalent use of CAM among type II diabetes mellitus patients in Negeri Sembilan was 58.5% (CAM-DM: 40.6% and CAM-G: 17.9%). For CAM-DM group, bitter gourd (Momordica charantia) was the most popular CAM consumed to help control diabetes, while supplement milk was the most popular choice for the CAM-G group. In conclusion, the use of CAM among type II diabetes mellitus patients in Negeri Sembilan was common. Natural products are the main choice of CAM modality used to help with the management of diabetes. Majority of CAM users never informed their healthcare providers about their CAM use.
BILE COMPOSITION OF ADULT BABOONS IS INFLUENCED BY BREAST VERSUS FORMULA FEEDING; We tested the hypothesis that infant cholesterol intake and breast- versus formula-feeding influence the bile cholesterol saturation index and bile acid conjugate composition in adult baboons at 7-8 years of age.  We also measured the influence of the postweaning intake of dietary cholesterol and fat (saturated and unsaturated) on the effects of the infant diets.  The 80 baboons were derived from six sires and 80 dams and randomly assigned at birth to breast-feeding or to one of three formulas containing about 2, 30, or 60 mg cholesterol/dl.  After weaning at 16 weeks of age the animals were assigned to one of four adult diets, which contained 0.01 or 1.0 mg/kcal of cholesterol containing 40% of calories from saturated or unsaturated fat.  The bile cholesterol saturation index was significantly higher at 7-8 years of age in baboons breast-fed as infants compared with those fed formula (87.0% versus 72.8%, p < 0.004).  The cholesterol saturation index was not significantly different among the three formula groups.  Among baboons who were breast-fed and subsequently fed saturated fat as adults, the glycine/taurine (G/T) ratios of the bile acid conjugates were about three times those of baboons fed unsaturated fat (1.53 versus 0.47); whereas among formula-fed animals the type of fat did not influence the G/T ratio (interaction, p = 0.022).  Adult baboons fed the three formulas in infancy had an inverse relationship of the G/T ratio to the level of formula cholesterol (p < 0.05).  We conclude that breast-feeding and formula feeding in infancy differentially affect biliary lipid composition and its response to dietary cholesterol and fat in adulthood.  These deferred effects of infant diet on bile lipid composition may influence gallstone formation and intestinal cholesterol and bile acid metabolism.
Phytosterol-Enriched Yogurt Increases LDL Affinity and Reduces CD36 Expression in Polygenic Hypercholesterolemia; Dietary enrichment with phytosterols (plant sterols similar to cholesterol) is able to reduce plasma cholesterol levels due to reduced intestinal absorption. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of phytosterol-enriched yogurt consumption on the major serum lipid parameters, low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor activity, LDL-receptor affinity, and CD36 expression in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Fifteen patients affected by polygenic hypercholesterolemia were evaluated in a single-blind randomized crossover study after a 4 weeks treatment with a phytosterol-enriched yogurt containing 1.6 g esterefied phytosterols (equivalent to 1.0 g free phytosterol). Lipid parameters were compared with a phytosterol-free placebo-controlled diet. The effect of the two treatments on each variable, measured as percentage change, was compared by paired samples t test and covariance analysis. The treatment induced a modest but significant decrease in LDL-cholesterol levels (4.3%, P = 0.03) and a significant increase in high density lipoprotein (HDL) 3-cholesterol (17.1%, P = 0.01). Phytosterol consumption had no effect on LDL-receptor activity whereas patient LDL-receptor affinity significantly increased (9.7%, P = 0.01) and CD36 expression showed a marked significant decrease (18.2%, P = 0.01) in the phytosterol-enriched yoghurt patients. Our data show that the oral administration of a phytosterol-enriched yogurt has modest but significant effects on commonly measured lipid parameters. The improvement of LDL-receptor affinity and the reduction in CD36 expression may reflect an important antiatherogenic effect.
Meat and milk intake in the rice-based Korean diet: impact on cancer and metabolic syndrome; Over a few decades, Korean diet has changed from traditional diet, mainly composed of rice and vegetables, to Westernised diet rich, in meat and milk, along with the economic development and globalisation. Increasing prevalence of diet-related chronic diseases such as cancer and metabolic syndrome (MetS) is becoming a heavy burden to society and requires further attention. In this review, the association of meat and milk consumption with cancer and MetS among Koreans was discussed. Previous meta-analyses showed that meat intake was positively associated with increased risk of cancers, especially colon, as well as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, and that the intake of milk and dairy products was negatively associated with colorectal cancer, obesity, and type 2 diabetes mellitus, based on studies conducted mostly in Western countries. In Korea and other Asian countries, the association of meat and milk intake with cancers were inconclusive and varied by types of cancers. Conversely, milk intake was negatively associated with MetS risk as reported in Western countries. The difference in results between Korea and Western countries might come from the differences in dietary patterns and study designs. Most Koreans still maintain traditional dietary pattern, although rapid change towards Westernised diet is underway among the younger age group. Randomised clinical trials or prospective cohort studies with consideration of combined effects of various dietary factors in Korea and other Asian countries are needed to elucidate the impact of meat and milk or related dietary patterns in their diet.
The effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on inflammation, oxidative stress, and circulating adiponectin and leptin concentration in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Purpose Probiotics or synbiotics consumption have been suggested to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a decline in inflammation and oxidative stress, however, the results from studies are conflicting. This study filled this knowledge gap by evaluating randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating probiotics or synbiotics intake on adipokines, inflammation, and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods We systematically did search up to March 2022 in PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library. A random-effect model was applied to estimate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each outcome. Results A total of 32 RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. This intervention led to a significant decrease in levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) (WMD - 0.62 mg/l; 95% CI - 0.80, - 0.44; p < 0.001), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (WMD - 0.27 pg/ml; 95% CI - 0.44, - 0.10; p = 0.002) and malondialdehyde (MDA) (WMD - 0.51 mu mol/l; 95% CI - 0.73, - 0.30; p < 0.001), and also a significant increase in levels of glutathione (GSH) (WMD 69.80 mu mol/l; 95% CI 33.65, 105.95; p < 0.001), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (WMD 73.59 mmol/l; 95% CI 33.24, 113.95; p < 0.001) and nitric oxide (NO) (WMD 7.49 mu mol/l; 95% CI 3.12, 11.86; p = 0.001), without significant alterations in interleukin-6 (IL-6) and adipokines levels. Conclusion A consumption of probiotics or synbiotics could be a useful intervention to improve cardiometabolic outcomes through a reduced inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and T2DM.
Effects of Dietary Monoglyceride and Diglyceride Supplementation on the Performance, Milk Composition, and Immune Status of Sows During Late Gestation and Lactation; Monoglyceride and diglyceride (MGDG) have antiviral and antibacterial properties and act as emulsifiers to increase dietary lipid digestibility. The primary aim of this trial was to investigate the effects of dietary MGDG supplementation on the reproductive performance and health status of sows during late gestation and lactation. One hundred sows (Landrace x Large White, mean parity of 4.59) were randomly allocated to groups receiving two different diets with 4% soybean lipids or 4% MGDG from day 85 of gestation to day 21 of lactation. Milk samples were collected on the day of farrowing (colostrum) and on day 14 of lactation, and blood samples were collected from the sows on days 0, 14, and 21 of lactation. Compared with control sows, sows fed MGDG showed no significant differences in reproductive performance (P > 0.05), but sow back fat thickness loss decreased during lactation (P < 0.05). There was a significant decrease in TNF-alpha concentrations in colostrum in the MGDG-supplemented sows compared with that in the soybean lipid-supplemented sows (P < 0.05). Dietary MGDG supplementation decreased sow plasma IL-8 concentrations on day 0 of lactation and IL-18 concentrations on days 14 and 21 of lactation (P < 0.05). Administration of MGDG increased the glucose and total cholesterol concentrations in sow plasma on day 14 and day 21, respectively (P < 0.05). The findings in this study suggest that MGDG supplementation could be effective in reducing back fat loss, decreasing inflammatory factor levels, and controlling total cholesterol (TCHO) concentrations during lactation.
Evaluation of cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects on a standard healthy diet including low-fat milk enriched with plant sterols; A healthy diet and plant sterols (PS) are recommended for reducing low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and, subsequently, the risk of premature cardiovascular disease PS mediate a decrease in fat-soluble vitamin concentration, which can lead to a general impairment of antioxidative defenses and an increase in oxidative stress. Thus, we evaluated the effects of a healthy diet, including PS-enriched low-fat milk, on cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects. This was a randomized parallel trial employing 40 subjects and consisting of two 3-month intervention phases. After 3 months on a standard healthy diet, subjects were divided into two intervention groups: a diet group and a diet+PS group (2 g/day). Lipid profile, apolipoprotems, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and oxidative stress parameters were analyzed. Diet significantly reduced total and LDL cholesterol (4.0% and 4 7%. respectively), produced an increase in the level of beta-carotene (23%) and improved the antioxidant capacity of LDL cholesterol particles (4 6%) PS induced a significant decrease in total cholesterol (6 4%), LDL (99%) and the apolipoprotein B100/apolipoprotein A1 ratio (4 9%), but led to a decrease in cryptoxanthin level (29%) without any change being observed in the antioxidant capacity of LDL cholesterol particles, total antioxidant status or lipid peroxidation After 3 months, we observed the positive effect of including a PS supplement in dietary measures, as the lipoprotein-mediated risk of cardiovascular disease was reduced. Despite a decrease in the concentration of cryptoxanthin, no evidence of a global impairment of antioxidative defenses or an enhancement of oxidative stress parameters was found. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved
The potential role of organic and conventional yoghurt consumption in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Introduction: Health is an important motivation for the consumption of both organic and functional foods. Organic food contains fewer pesticide residues and statistically more selected health-related compounds such as polyphenols in plant products and polyunsaturated fatty acids in milk and meat products. Recent studies suggest that the gut-liver axis plays an important role in the pathogenesis of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, so probiotics could be a therapeutic tool. Comparing the health effects of yoghurt from organic origin with so-called conventional yoghurt is difficult, because there is no biomarker that would signal the difference with good specificity and sensitivity. Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate numerous biomarkers to evaluate the difference between yoghurt from conventional and organic origin and their health effects in NAFLD. Patients and method: We performed a prospective, cohort study consisting of 37 (age = 51.73 +/- 11.82, male = 21, female = 16) patients with NAFLD at the 2nd Department of Internal Medicine of the Semmelweis University, Budapest. Diagnosis of NAFLD was based on ultrasonography and the exclusion of other etiololgy. The patients were examined also with shear wave elastography to evaluate the hepatic fibrosis stage. We divided the patients randomly into two groups. The patients consumed individually daily 300 grams of yoghurt from organic (n = 21) or conventional (n = 16) origin for 8 weeks. We collected 37 routine laboratory data, measured 4 cytokines, 3 markers of the redox-homeostasis and 14 body composition values before, after, and 12 weeks after the yoghurt consumption. Results: We found a mild elevation of vitamin D and a minimal reduction of LDL after the yoghurt consumption, but in the other 35 routine laboratory data there was no statistical difference. Adiponectin and leptin levels were elevated after the yoghurt consumption in the "conventional group". In contrast, we found significant decrease of adiponectin levels in the "organic group" after the treatment. Only the adiponectin tendency was different in the two groups. The induced free radical content was also statistically lower after the yoghurt consumption. In the body composition measurements, there were no significant differences. Conclusion: These data suggest that adiponectin could be a possible biomarker to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotic treatment in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Our work can serve as a basis for future studies investigating relationships between organic yoghurt consumption and health outcomes.
Effects of different fractions of whey protein on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in type 2 diabetes; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Exacerbated postprandial lipid responses are associated with an increased cardiovascular risk. Dietary proteins influence postprandial lipemia differently, and whey protein has a preferential lipid-lowering effect. We compared the effects of different whey protein fractions on postprandial lipid and hormone responses added to a high-fat meal in type 2 diabetic subjects. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 12 type 2 diabetic subjects ingested four isocaloric test meals in randomized order. The test meals contained 100 g of butter and 45 g of carbohydrate in combination with 45 g of whey isolate (iso-meal), whey hydrolysate (hydro-meal), alpha-lactalbumin enhanced whey (lac-meal) or caseinoglycomacropeptide enhanced whey (CGMP-meal). Plasma concentrations of triglyceride, retinyl palmitate, free fatty acid, insulin, glucose, glucagon, glucagon-like peptide 1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide were measured before and at regular intervals until 8-h postprandially. RESULTS: We found no statistical significant differences between meals on our primary variable triglyceride. The retinyl palmitate response was higher after the hydro-meal than after the iso- and lac-meal in the chylomicron-rich fraction (P=0.008) while no significant differences were found in the chylomicron-poor fraction. The hydro-and iso-meal produced a higher insulin response compared with the lac-and CGMP-meal (P<0.001). Otherwise no significant differences in the hormone responses were found in the incremental area under the curve over the 480-min period. CONCLUSIONS: A supplement of four different whey protein fractions to a fat-rich meal had similar effects on postprandial triglyceride responses in type 2 diabetic subjects. Whey isolate and whey hydrolysate caused a higher insulin response.
Effects of soybean oil supplementation on performance, digestion and metabolism of early lactation dairy cows fed sugarcane-based diets; Sugarcane is an important forage source for dairy cows in tropical countries. However, it provides limited digestible fiber and energy intake, and fat supplementation can be a way to increase energy density and decrease dietary, non-fiber carbohydrates concentrations. We aimed to evaluate the performance, digestion and metabolism of dairy cows in early lactation fed different concentrations of soybean oil (SBO) in sugarcane-based diets. Fourteen primiparous (545 +/- 17.2 kg of BW) and eight multiparous (629 +/- 26.7 kg BW) Holstein dairy cows were used according to a randomized block design. After calving, diets were randomly assigned to cows within the two parity groups. Diets were formulated with increasing concentrations of SBO (g/kg dry matter (DM)): control (0), low (LSBO; 15.7), medium (MSBO; 44.3) and high (HSBO; 73.4). The study was performed from calving until 84 days in milk, divided into three periods of 28 days each. Dry matter intake (DMI) was affected quadratically in response to SBO addition with the greatest and lowest values of 19.0 and 16.0 kg/day for LSBO and HSBO diets, respectively. The digestibility of potentially digestible NDF was quadratically affected by SBO with the greatest value of 623 g/kg for LSBO diet. Both milk and energy-corrected milk (ECM) production were quadratically affected by SBO inclusion, with greatest ECM values of 27.9 and 27.3 for LSBO and MSBO, respectively. Soybean oil inclusion linearly decreased milk fat concentration by 13.2% from control to HSBO. The CLA t10,c12-18:2 was observed in milk fat only for MSBO and HSBO diets. Soybean oil inclusion did not affect plasma glucose or serum concentrations of total proteins, globulins, albumin, urea nitrogen, beta-hydroxybutyrate, non-esterified fatty acids or insulin. Serum concentrations of total cholesterol, triglycerides and low-density lipoprotein increased with SBO supplementation. Soybean oil inclusion in sugarcane-based diets for early lactation dairy cows from 15.7 to 44.3 g/kg DM can improve energy intake and performance; however, at 44.3 g/kg DM milk fat concentration and ECM decreased. Soybean oil inclusion at 73.4 g/kg DM adversely affected energy intake, fiber digestion and performance of early lactation dairy cows and is not recommended.
Effect of acute consumption of strawberry jam on glycaemic status in both non-complicated and type 2 diabetic obese volunteers: a pilot study; The aim of this intervention trial was to evaluate the impact of consumption of two different types of strawberry jam on glycaemic status in 16 non-complicated and 7 type 2 diabetic volunteers, having a body mass index higher than 30 kg/m(2) (obesity status) and selected according to the specific criteria. Volunteers consumed a test meal consisting of 30 g of white bread, 50 g of an experimental jam (sweetened with organic apple juice) and 150 ml of whole cow milk; a control jam (sweetened with white beet sugar) was provided within the same test meal with a week gap. For the determination of glucose and insulin levels, venous blood samples were collected after overnight fasting and every 30 min for 3 h after the ingestion of the test meal. Both groups of volunteers had a significantly lower (P < 0.05) increase of glucose and insulin levels at 30 and 60 min after the consumption of the experimental jam with respect to the control one, highlighting the importance of the type of carbohydrates in controlling glycaemic status: indeed, this type of jam, containing mainly fructose, was successful not only for diabetics but also for subjects at risk of developing this pathology, with a severe obesity condition. The consumption of this kind of product could be a strategy to enhance the quality of life in type 2 diabetic people, helping them to follow a dietary regimen including highly accepted food.
Probiotic supplementation prevents high-fat, overfeeding-induced insulin resistance in human subjects; The purpose of the present study was to determine whether probiotic supplementation (Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS)) prevents diet-induced insulin resistance in human subjects. A total of seventeen healthy subjects were randomised to either a probiotic (n 8) or a control (n 9) group. The probiotic group consumed a LcS-fermented milk drink twice daily for 4 weeks, whereas the control group received no supplementation. Subjects maintained their normal diet for the first 3 weeks of the study, after which they consumed a high-fat (65% of energy), high-energy (50% increase in energy intake) diet for 7 d. Whole-body insulin sensitivity was assessed by an oral glucose tolerance test conducted before and after overfeeding. Body mass increased by 0.6 (SE 0.2) kg in the control group (P<0.05) and by 0.3 (SE 0.2) kg in the probiotic group (P>0.05). Fasting plasma glucose concentrations increased following 7 d of overeating (control group: 5.3 (SE 0.1) v. 5.6 (SE 0.2) mmol/l before and after overfeeding, respectively, P<0.05), whereas fasting serum insulin concentrations were maintained in both groups. Glucose AUC values increased by 10% (from 817 (SE 45) to 899 (SE 39) mmol/l per 120 min, P<0.05) and whole-body insulin sensitivity decreased by 27% (from 5.3 (SE 1.4) to 3.9 (SE 0.9), P<0.05) in the control group, whereas normal insulin sensitivity was maintained in the probiotic group (4.4 (SE 0.8) and 4.5 (SE 0.9) before and after overeating, respectively (P>0.05). These results suggest that probiotic supplementation may be useful in the prevention of diet-induced metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Dairy consumption and insulin sensitivity: A systematic review of short- and long-term intervention studies; Aim: Evidence from epidemiological studies suggests that higher consumption of dairy products may be inversely associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and other components of the metabolic syndrome, although the evidence is mixed. Intervention studies that increase dairy intake often involve lifestyle changes, including weight loss, which alone will improve insulin sensitivity. The aim of this review was to examine weight stable intervention studies that assess the effect of an increased intake of dairy products or dairy derived supplements on glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity. Data synthesis: An electronic search was conducted using MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Database and Web of Science for randomised controlled trials altering only dairy intake in humans with no other lifestyle or dietary change, particularly no weight change, and with measurement of glucose or insulin. Healthy participants and those with features of the metabolic syndrome were included. Chronic whey protein supplementation was also included. Ten studies were included in this systematic review. Conclusions: In adults, four of the dairy interventions showed a positive effect on insulin sensitivity as assessed by Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA); one was negative and five had no effect. As the number of weight stable intervention studies is very limited and participant numbers small, these findings need to be confirmed by larger trials in order to conclusively determine any relationship between dairy intake and insulin sensitivity. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Plant stanol ester spreads as components of a balanced diet for pregnant and breast-feeding women: evaluation of clinical safety; Clinical safety of consuming plant stanol ester spreads during pregnancy and lactation, the impact on maternal and infant serum and breast-milk cholesterol and the ratios (mu mol/mmol of cholesterol) of synthesis and absorption markers were evaluated. Pregnant women (n 21) were randomised to control and dietary intervention groups, the intervention including advice to follow a balanced diet and to consume spreads enriched with plant stanol esters. Participants were followed during and after pregnancy and their infants up to 1 year of age. A mean 1-1 (SD 0.4) g consumption of plant stanols during pregnancy and 1.4 (SD 0.9) g 1 month post-partum increased sitostanol and the markers for cholesterol synthesis, lathosterol, lathosterol/campesterol and lathosterol/sitosterol, and reduced a market for cholesterol absorption, campesterol, in maternal serum. In breast milk, desmosterol was lower in the intervention group, while no differences were detected between the groups in infants' serum. Plant stanol ester spread consumption had no impact on the length of gestation, infants' growth or serum beta-carotene concentration at 1 and 6 months of age, but the cholesterol-adjusted serum beta-carotene concentration was lowered at 1 month in the intervention group. Plant stanol ester spread consumption appeared safe in the clinical setting, except for potential lowering of infants' serum beta-carotene concentration, and was reflected in the markers of cholesterol synthesis and absorption in mothers' serum, encouraging further studies in larger settings.
Antioxidative, Antidiabetic, and Hypolipidemic Properties of Probiotic-Enriched Fermented Camel Milk Combined with <i>Salvia officinalis</i> Leaves Hydroalcoholic Extract in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetes in Rats; Antioxidative, antidiabetic, and hypolipidemic properties of probiotic-enriched fermented camel milk (FCM) combined with Salvia officinalis L. leaves hydroalcoholic extract (SOHE) in streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats were investigated. Phytochemicals analysis and antioxidant capacity indicated that S. officinalis contained high phenolics with super antioxidant activity. Subsequently, HPLC analysis demonstrated 13 phenolic acids and 14 flavonoids in considerable amounts with ferulic acid and resveratrol as predominant, respectively. The antidiabetic and hypolipidemic properties of FCM and SOHE were examined in a designed animal model consisting of seven treated groups for four weeks. There was a negative group (G1); the positive group (G2) received a single dose (50 mg kg(-1)) of streptozotocin (STZ) by intraperitoneal injection (i.p.); in G3, diabetic rats (DRs) orally received 5 mL FCM kg(-1) daily; in G4, DRs orally received 50 mg GAE SOHE kg(-1) daily; in G5, DRs orally received 5 mL FCM contains 25 mg GAE SOHE kg(-1) daily; in G6, DRs orally received 5 mL FCM contains 50 mg GAE SOHE kg(-1) daily; in G7, DRs orally received 50 mg metformin kg(-1) daily. Combining FCM with SOHE at 25 or 50 mg kg(-1) exhibited a synergistic effect in significantly lowering random blood glucose (RBG), fasting blood glucose (FBG), and improved weight gain recovery %. The hypolipidemic effect of FCM + 50 mg GAE SOHE kg(-1) was significantly higher than using FCM or SOHE individually, and attenuation in triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (CHO), and high- and low-density lipoproteins (HDL and LDL), and very-low-density lipoproteins (VLDL) was remarked. Combining FCM with SOHE at 25 or 50 mg kg(-1) ameliorated liver and kidney functions better than individual uses of FCM, SOHE, or metformin. Interestingly, FCM with 50 mg SOHE kg(-1) presented significant improvement in the activity of antioxidant enzymes, reduced glutathione (GSH), catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and a substantial reduction in malonaldehyde (MDA) levels with 53.75%, 89.93%, 63.06%, and 58.69% when compared to the STZ group (G2), respectively. Histopathologically, administrating FCM + 25, 50 mg SOHE kg(-1) or 50 mg kg(-1) metformin showed a normal histological structure of both islets of Langerhans cells and acini. In conclusion, combining FCM with SOHE presented synergistic and therapeutical efficacy. It could be beneficial and profitable for controlling diabetes mellitus complications and protecting against oxidative stress.
Soy Milk Consumption and Blood Pressure Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy; Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of soy milk consumption cardiovascular risk and biomarkers of renal function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Methods: This randomized, crossover, controlled clinical trial was conducted in 29 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing soy milk, or a diet containing cow's milk, each for 4 weeks. There was a 2-week washout between the two intervention periods. Anthropometric and biochemical measurements were performed according to standard protocols. Results: The mean age and body mass index of patients were 51 +/- 10 years and 28 +/- 4 kg/m(2), respectively. Consumption of soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure compared with consumption of cow's milk (percent change: -4.50 vs. 5.89%; P = .03). Serum triglyceride levels decreased significantly after soy milk consumption (percent change: -15.22 vs. 2.37%; P = .02). After adjustment for carbohydrate intake, the effect of soy milk on triglyceride level was not significant. There were no significant differences between soy milk and cow's milk consumption in terms of their effect on cardiovascular risks and markers of kidney function. Conclusions: Soy milk consumption was associated with better blood pressure control among diabetic patients with nephropathy. (C) 2013 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of whey protein on the components of metabolic syndrome in overweight and obese individuals; a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The risk of developing chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, dyslipidemia, and stroke is increased following an outbreak of metabolic syndrome. Whey protein can play a major role in preventing metabolic syndrome. Objective: This study was conducted to systematically evaluate the effect of whey protein on the components of metabolic syndrome in overweight and obesity patients. Methods: This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted on RCTs (PROSPERO registration number: CDR42019114794). Published articles of controlled trials between 1 January 2000 to 30 May 2019 indexed in PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science and Cochrane Library were reviewed. Keywords were Whey Protein, Metabolic Syndrome, HDL Lipoprotein, Blood Pressure, Triglyceride, Fasting Blood Glucose, Waist Circumference, Overweight and Obesity or a combination of them in the title/abstracts. The mean difference was extracted for each study. All analyses performed using STATA version 11. Results: There were 2344 individuals reviewed in this systematic review of 37 published articles. Conclusion: According to the results, whey supplementation significantly reduced the SBP, DBP, HDL, waist circumference, TG and FBS in intervention groups in comparing to control groups. (C) 2019 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A perspective on vegetarian dietary patterns and risk of metabolic syndrome; The vegetarian dietary pattern is traditionally a plant-based diet that includes fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, nuts, vegetable oils, soya, and possibly dairy products and/or eggs. Vegetarians and other populations who follow a plant-based dietary pattern enjoy longevity. Specifically, vegetarian dietary patterns have been associated with a lower risk for developing IHD, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, specific cancers, lower all-cause mortality and reduction in cause-specific mortality. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the USA is approximately 20% and is currently increasing in developing countries in line with the obesity epidemic. The health care costs associated with the MetS are on a magnitude of 1.6 overall compared with healthy individuals, which makes it an important public health problem. Current evidence from several cross-sectional and case-control studies shows an association between consumption of a vegetarian dietary pattern and a reduced prevalence or risk of developing the MetS. There is a need for further research to be conducted, particularly prospective cohort studies to evaluate the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on reducing the incidence of the MetS and, clinical trials should be designed to explore vegetarian dietary patterns for the reversal of the MetS in high-risk populations. This research could contribute to reduce the societal and economic burdens associated with the disorder.
Effect of high-protein vs. high-fat snacks before lunch on glycemic variability in prediabetes: A study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: China has the largest number of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), and it tends to increasingly grow in the future, putting an enormous burden on disease control and prevention in China. While glycemic variability (GV) came to be an important indicator of blood glucose control in diabetic patients, studies suggested that premeal snacks may help blood glucose control, but there are still some problems to be researched. Therefore, we designed this trial to evaluate which kind of premeal snacks would lead to better effects on GV under two diet patterns in pre-diabetes subjects and to evaluate assessments of acceptability and compliance, behavior, and metabolism changes in individuals will be described. Methods and analysis: The study is a single-center, open-label, multiparallel group, randomized controlled trial. A total of 32 male and female volunteers will be randomized into 4 groups in a single allocated ratio of soy milk (powder) snack, milk (powder) snack, almonds snack, and placebo control with 250 ml of water taken 30 min before lunch, respectively. The study consists of two intervention periods over 11 days. The first intervention period under habitual diet conditions from D3 to D6 (4 days), during which all subjects are asked to maintain their habitual eating and daily activities similar to the run-in period. The second intervention consists of prelunch snacks with standard meals. We will examine both the effect of GV and various metabolic and behavioral outcomes potentially associated with the interventions. At the end of this study, we will assess the acceptability and maintainability of the intervention through interviews.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Modifies Plasma Glucose Concentrations and Glycated Hemoglobin: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Dairy product intake is inversely associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in numerous cohort studies; yet, the beneficial effects of increased dairy product intake on T2D risk factors such as fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin, insulin resistance with the homeostasis model assessment, and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) remain inconclusive in clinical trials. The objective of this study was to systematically review clinical trials observing the effects of elevated compared with minimal intake of dairy products on T2D risk factors in subjects without diabetes. Five databases [Medline, EMBASE, Central, CINAHL, AMED (Allied and Complementary Medicine)] were searched to identify randomized controlled trials that used elevated quantities of dairy products fromruminant sources in comparison with a lower intake in control groups. The review outcomeswere fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and HbA1c. Risk of bias and quality of evidence according to Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation were addressed. From the 10,627 citations screened, 44 studies (3016 participants) were included, 38 of which were used in the meta-analyses. Fasting glucose was positively associated with elevated dairy intake [34 studies, n = 2678; mean difference (MD): 0.07 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.12 mmol/L; P = 0.01, I-2 = 23%]. Fasting insulin (29 studies, n = 1902; MD: -2.97 pmol/L; 95% CI: -7.05, 1.10 pmol/L; P = 0.15, I-2 = 21%) and HOMA-IR (13 studies, n = 840; standardized MD: -0.07; 95% CI: -0.26, 0.12; P = 0.49, I-2 = 38%) were not associated with elevated dairy consumption. HbA1c was negatively associated with elevated dairy product intake in 4 studies (n = 512; MD: -0.09%; 95% CI: -0.09%, -0.03%; P= 0.005, I-2 = 0%). Most studies had high risk of bias and the quality of evidence was very low or low. In conclusion, evidence suggests that elevated dairy product intake is associated with increased fasting plasma glucose concentrations together with reduced HbA1c in nondiabetic subjects. Hence, the clinical significance of these results remains uncertain. Additional well-designed, long-term studies are required.
Differences in liver functionality indexes in peripartal dairy cows fed rumen-protected methionine or choline are associated with performance, oxidative stress status, and plasma amino acid profiles; The liver functionality index (LFI) represents an assessment of transition cow metabolic health by measuring changes in biomarkers associated with liver plasma protein synthesis (albumin), lipoprotein synthesis (cholesterol), and heme catabolism (bilirubin). The present analysis was conducted to determine the role of peripartal rumen-protected Met or choline (CHOL) supplementation on LFI groupings, and to assess relationships with performance, inflammation, oxidative stress status, and plasma AA profiles. A cohort of 40 multiparous Holstein cows that were part of a randomized complete block design with 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of Met (Smartamine M, Adisseo NA, Alpharetta, GA) and CHOL (ReaShure, Balchem Inc., New Hampton, NY) level (with or without) were used. From -21 d to calving, cows received the same close-up diet and were assigned randomly to each treatment. From calving to 30 d, cows were on the same postpartal diet and continued to receive the same treatments until 30 d. Addition of Met was adjusted daily at 0.08% dry matter of diet and CHOL was fed at 60 g/cow per day. Liver (-10, 7, 20, and 30 d) and blood (-10, 4, 8, 20, and 30 d) samples were harvested for biomarker analyses. Cows were ranked retrospectively and assigned to low (LLFI, LFI <0) and high (HLFI, LFI >0) LFI groups regardless of Met or CHOL supplementation. Compared with cows in LLFI, close-up and lactation DAM, milk yield, milk fat yield, and milk protein yield were greater in HLFI cows. As expected, cows in LLFI had lower plasma cholesterol and albumin but greater bilirubin concentrations around parturition. Plasma haptoglobin concentration was also lower in HLFI cows, but plasma paraoxonase and hepatic total and reduced hepatic glutathione concentrations were greater. Although higher concentrations of His, Met, and Trp, as well as a tendency for greater Ile, were observed in HLFI cows, overall essential AA concentrations did not differ with LFI status. In contrast, overall concentrations of nonessential AA were greater in HLFI cows due to greater circulating concentrations of Ala, Asn, Gln, Pro, and Ser. Similarly, overall concentrations of total AA and total sulfur-containing compounds were greater in cows with HLFI. Feeding Met compared with CHOL led to a tendency for more cows classified as HLFI. Overall, results support the broader application of the LFI in the management of transition cows. In that context, the fact that precalving concentrations of compounds such as reduced glutathione, total sulfur containing compounds, Met, Tau, and homocysteine differed between HLFI and LLFI independent of Met or CHOL feeding also underscores their potential for monitoring cows that might be at a greater risk of developing health problems after calving. Further studies on the applicability of these biomarkers to monitor transition success appears warranted.
Productive response and metabolic profiles and their effect on open days during early lactation in Holstein cows; The relationship between productive variables and the serum levels of metabolites that can affect the number of open days (OD) during early lactation, was studied in 35 multiparous Holstein cows. The cows were classified in four groups according to the OD (1: 80 OD; II: 80 to 110 OD; III: 111 to 150 OD and IV: > 150 OD). The changes in weight, body condition (BC) and milk production were evaluated weekly, along with the serum levels of protein (PT), ureic nitrogen (N-UREA), low density lipoproteins (LDL) and cholesterol (CT). The experimental design was completely randomized and the data were analyzed as repeated measurements; in addition, a test of regression homogeneity was made along with an analysis of correlation. Milk production and weight gain were not statistically different. The BC was different (p <= 0.01), for a contrast between group I against groups II, III and IV, and different (p <= 0.05) for a second contrast between groups II and III. In the metabolites there were only differences (p <= 0.01) for proteins among the groups with the highest number of OD. There was a high correlation between CT and milk production (R=0.53), the week of post-partum (R=0.72) and the LDL (R=0.61). It is concluded that the productive variables and metabolites in this study do not influence the reproductive function reflected in the OD of Holstein cows in early lactation.
Performance of rabbit does and weaned kits fed a granulated diet supplemented with Desmodium or Panicum fodders; Rabbit production is increasing in developing countries and can play a crucial role in the fight against poverty. The current work assessed the effect on rabbit does' reproduction and young kits' growth when either Panicum maximum, common name Guinea grass, or Desmodium tortuosum, common name Beggarweed is included in their diet. Diets ReC and GrC (standard granulated diets) served as control diets, formulated for doe Reproduction and kit Growth respectively. The trial diets were diets RePan/GrPan (diet ReC/GrC supplemented with dry P. maximum) and diets ReDes/GrDes (diet ReC/GrC supplemented with dry D. tortuosum). Thirty-six primiparous local breed five-month old rabbit does were randomly allocated to each one of the three dietary treatments. After a 15-day dietary adaptation period, does were each bred to one of 12, related, breeding males. Does were then assigned to individual maternity cages maintaining the same dietary treatment for the ensuing 65 days of the trial (30 days of gestation + 35 days of suckling). Thus, there were a total of 12 replicates per treatment: diet ReC, diet RePan or diet ReDes. At weaning, 72 kits, from the three adult feed treatment groups, were, while maintaining the integrity of the feed group of their individual mothers, divided into 12 blocks with 6 weaned kits per block, with each block allocated one of the three diets. Thus, for each of the three diets there were four separate blocks, i.e., four replicates, each with six group-housed weaned kits that received a growth diet which contained the same supplement or not as their mother diet to which they had access prior to weaning; the control diet GrC (Composition slightly different from Diet ReC composition) and trial diets GrPan and GrDes over a 3-day transition phase were adapted to the weaned kits physiological state and fed for a total of 56 days. The results indicated that the use of D. tortuosum significantly improved (P < 0.05) litter size, milk quantity, and kit survival rate from birth to weaning as compared with both control and RePan diets. The study showed that after weaning, compared with control and GrPan diets, the use of D. tortuosum increased (P < 0.05) the growth performance of weaned kits, improved meat nutritional quality by reducing (P < 0.05) cholesterol concentration and increasing (P < 0.05) the n-3 fatty acid proportion, and also reduced the individual kit feed cost to slaughter weight.
The Effect of Combination Therapy (Thermal Therapy and Oxymel) on Insulin Resistance and Langerhans Islands in Diabetic Rats; Background: Although thermal therapy is recently suggested as a safe promising adjuvant therapy for insulin resistance and diabetes, its combination with oxymel has been claimed more effective by Traditional Persian Medicine (TPM). Objectives: This study was to examine the effect of thermal therapy plus oxymel on insulin resistance and Langerhans islands in diabetic rats. Methods: This experimental study was performed in the Experimental Animal Unit of Qom University of Medical Science in Iran in 2018. Sixty-four male rats were divided into 8 groups (using block randomization): four Normal (Nl), Diseased without treatment (D), Oxymel (OXM) and Sauna (Sauna) groups and one major SINA group (oxymel plus sauna) subdivided into four groups of different intervention frequency of 1 (SINA1d), 3 (SINA3d) and 5 days (SINA5d2m) a week for 8 weeks and 5 days a week for 4 weeks (SINA5d1m). Diabetes was induced using a high-fat diet (milk butter) and low-dose streptozotocin. Measurement of serum levels of glucose, insulin, lipid profile, and glycosylated hemoglobin and histological examination of liver, pancreas, heart, and kidney was done at the end of the study. Results: The count of Langerhans Islands significantly increased in the groups of SINA3d (6.25 +/- 0.94), (P = 0.05) and SINA5d2m (7 +/- 0.36), (P = 0.008) in comparison to the D group (4 +/- 0.44), and cell organization became nearly normal, but serum insulin and glucose levels did not change. On the other hand, despite the high-fat diet, lipid profile and histological findings did not support fatty deposition and insulin resistance context. Conclusions: Sauna-oxymel combination (SINA) therapy, which was derived from TPM philosophy to increase systemic and pancreatic blood perfusion, was shown significantly effective in inducing regeneration of Langerhans Islands, but owing to the lack of adequate ectopic fat accumulation, its effect on insulin resistance and beta-cell functions remain uncovered. More suitable studies are needed to approve or disapprove the idea.
Strategies to gain body condition score in pasture-based dairy cows during late lactation and the far-off nonlactating period and their interaction with close-up dry matter intake; In pasture-based systems, cows are generally thinner at the end of lactation than cows fed total mixed rations and, as a result, over-feeding of metabolizable energy (ME) during the far-off nonlactating period is a standard management policy to achieve optimum calving body condition score (BCS). An alternative would be to manage cows to gain BCS through late lactation, such that cows ended lactation close to optimum calving BCS and maintenance of BCS through to calving. We sought to quantify the effect of moderate or excessive ME intakes during the far-off nonlactating period in cows that had been managed to gain or maintain BCS through late lactation and whether the far-off management strategy interacted with close-up level of feeding. Effects on milk production and circulating indicators of energy balance and metabolic health in early lactation were evaluated. A herd of 150 cows was randomly assigned to 1 of 2 feeding levels in late lactation to achieve a low and high BCS at the time of dry off (approximately 4.25 and 5.0 on a 10-point scale). Following dry-off, both herds were managed to achieve a BCS of 5.0 one month before calving; this involved controlled feeding (i.e., maintenance) and over-feeding of ME during the far-off dry period. Within each far-off feeding-level treatment, cows were offered 65, 90, or 120% of their pre-calving ME requirements for 3 wk pre-calving in a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement (i.e., 25 cows/treatment). Body weight and BCS were measured weekly before and after calving, and milk production was measured weekly until wk 7 postcalving. Blood samples were collected weekly for 4 wk pre-calving and 5 wk postcalving, and on d 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 relative to calving, and analyzed for indicators of energy balance (e.g., blood fatty acids, (beta-hydroxybutyrate), calcium status, and inflammatory state. No interaction was observed between far-off and close-up feeding levels. Over-feeding of ME to low BCS cows during the far-off nonlactating period reduced blood fatty acid and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations in early lactation, and increased blood albumin to globulin ratio compared with cows that were dried off close to recommended calving BCS and control-fed during the far-off dry period. Cows consuming 65% of their ME requirements during the close-up period had lower fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate in early lactation, but produced less milk, particularly during the first 21 d of lactation, had more than 3-fold greater concentration of haptoglobin immediately postcalving, and had a lower blood cholesterol concentration and albumin to globulin ratio, when compared with cows offered 90 or 120% of their ME requirements. Collectively, these measurements indicate that a severe restriction (<70% of ME requirements) during the close-up nonlactating period increases the risk of disease in early lactation and reduces milk production. In summary, far-off over-feeding of ME to cows that needed to gain BCS did not influence peripartum metabolic health in grazing dairy cows, but restricting cows below 70% ME requirements during the close-up transition period resulted in a blood profile indicative of greater inflammation.
The effect of circuit resistance training, empagliflozin or "vegeterranean diet" on physical and metabolic function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes: a study protocol for a randomized control trial (CEV-65 trial); Background Treatment of the older diabetic individual comprises a therapeutic challenge. Currently little scientific evidence exists depicting the best approach to type 2 diabetes treatment in this growing sub-population of patients. The purpose of this study is to assess the effects of a modified plant-based Mediterranean diet ("vegeterranean" diet), circuit resistance training (CRT) and empagliflozin, separately or in combination, on body composition and physical function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes. The rationale for this study is to assess three interventions associated with a negative energy/caloric balance (increased caloric use in exercise, caloric restriction in the "vegeterranean" diet and caloric wasting by glycosuria with empagliflozin), their interaction and effect on body composition and physical function. Methods One hundred and twenty men and women >= 65 years of age with type 2 diabetes, and low levels of physical activity will be randomized (1:1:1 manner, gender stratified) for 10 weeks to one of 3 parallel arms: CRT consisting of 3 home sessions/week; ad-libitum plant-based Mediterranean diet (limited consumption of eggs, dairy and fish, avoidance of red meat and poultry) or empagliflozin 10 mg/day. After 10 weeks CRT will be added to the empagliflozin and diet arms for an additional 10 weeks. Allocation concealment and blinding of primary outcome assessors will be implemented. Efficacy will be determined by assessment of lean body mass, body weight, frailty and functional status, sarcopenia, HbA1c and quality of life questionnaires. Safety will be evaluated by routine monitoring of adverse events. This study was approved by the Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center Institutional Review Board. Discussion The combination and comparison of these diverse interventions to metabolic control may lead to better understanding of their mechanism of action with potential clinical implications in older individuals. Also, this study will provide evidence of the effectiveness of these interventions on delaying the progression from diabetes to sarcopenia and/or frailty.
Whole Grain Products, Fish and Bilberries Alter Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in a Randomized, Controlled Trial: The Sysdimet Study; Background: Due to the growing prevalence of type 2 diabetes, new dietary solutions are needed to help improve glucose and lipid metabolism in persons at high risk of developing the disease. Herein we investigated the effects of low-insulin-response grain products, fatty fish, and berries on glucose metabolism and plasma lipidomic profiles in persons with impaired glucose metabolism. Methodology/Principal Findings: Altogether 106 men and women with impaired glucose metabolism and with at least two other features of the metabolic syndrome were included in a 12-week parallel dietary intervention. The participants were randomized into three diet intervention groups: (1) whole grain and low postprandial insulin response grain products, fatty fish three times a week, and bilberries three portions per day (Healthy Diet group), (2) Whole grain enriched diet (WGED) group, which includes principally the same grain products as group (1), but with no change in fish or berry consumption, and (3) refined wheat breads (Control). Oral glucose tolerance, plasma fatty acids and lipidomic profiles were measured before and after the intervention. Self-reported compliance with the diets was good and the body weight remained constant. Within the Healthy Diet group two hour glucose concentration and area-under-the-curve for glucose decreased and plasma proportion of (n-3) long-chain PUFAs increased (False Discovery Rate p-values <0.05). Increases in eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid associated curvilinearly with the improved insulin secretion and glucose disposal. Among the 364 characterized lipids, 25 changed significantly in the HealthyDiet group, including multiple triglycerides incorporating the long chain (n-3) PUFA. Conclusions/Significance: The results suggest that the diet rich in whole grain and low insulin response grain products, bilberries, and fatty fish improve glucose metabolism and alter the lipidomic profile. Therefore, such a diet may have a beneficial effect in the efforts to prevent type 2 diabetes in high risk persons.
Biochemical and hematological parameters in hair sheep with and without shade under desert conditions; The aim of this study was to determine the effect of shade use on the biochemical and hematological parameters in hair ewe lambs kept under conditions of caloric stress. Twenty Dorper x Pelibuey cross hair ewe lambs were randomly assigned to one of two treatments: 1) ewe lambs in individual shaded pens (WS, n = 10); and 2) ewe lambs in individual pens without access to shade (NS, n = 10). Blood samples were taken by puncturing the jugular vein. The collection was made during the morning (6:00 h), every third day during the 16-d study. The hematological parameters were determined in fresh blood samples, while the metabolites and electrolytes were determined in serum samples. The data were analyzed with a randomized block design. WS ewe lambs had a lower (p < 0.05) concentration of cholesterol and triglycerides than the NS ewe lambs. The K and Cl concentrations were higher (p < 0.05) for the NS group than the WS group. WS ewe lambs showed a higher (p < 0.05) platelet concentration, mean corpuscular volume, mean corpuscular hemoglobin and erythrocyte distribution width, but lower hemoglobin concentration in relation to NS ewe lambs. The results show that hair sheep have the ability to adapt to high temperatures, since no significant changes were observed in their hematological and biochemical components as a result of their exposure time to heat.
The impact of ethnicity and intra-pancreatic fat on the postprandial metabolome response to whey protein in overweight Asian Chinese and European Caucasian women with prediabetes; The "Thin on the Outside Fat on the Inside" TOFI_Asia study found Asian Chinese to be more susceptible to Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) compared to European Caucasians matched for gender and body mass index (BMI). This was influenced by degree of visceral adipose deposition and ectopic fat accumulation in key organs, including liver and pancreas, leading to altered fasting plasma glucose, insulin resistance, and differences in plasma lipid and metabolite profiles. It remains unclear how intra-pancreatic fat deposition (IPFD) impacts TOFI phenotype-related T2D risk factors associated with Asian Chinese. Cow's milk whey protein isolate (WPI) is an insulin secretagogue which can suppress hyperglycemia in prediabetes. In this dietary intervention, we used untargeted metabolomics to characterize the postprandial WPI response in 24 overweight women with prediabetes. Participants were classified by ethnicity (Asian Chinese, n=12; European Caucasian, n=12) and IPFD (low IPFD < 4.66%, n=10; high IPFD >= 4.66%, n=10). Using a cross-over design participants were randomized to consume three WPI beverages on separate occasions; 0 g (water control), 12.5 g (low protein, LP) and 50 g (high protein, HP), consumed when fasted. An exclusion pipeline for isolating metabolites with temporal (T0-240mins) WPI responses was implemented, and a support vector machine-recursive feature elimination (SVM-RFE) algorithm was used to model relevant metabolites by ethnicity and IPFD classes. Metabolic network analysis identified glycine as a central hub in both ethnicity and IPFD WPI response networks. A depletion of glycine relative to WPI concentration was detected in Chinese and high IPFD participants independent of BMI. Urea cycle metabolites were highly represented among the ethnicity WPI metabolome model, implicating a dysregulation in ammonia and nitrogen metabolism among Chinese participants. Uric acid and purine synthesis pathways were enriched within the high IPFD cohort's WPI metabolome response, implicating adipogenesis and insulin resistance pathways. In conclusion, the discrimination of ethnicity from WPI metabolome profiles was a stronger prediction model than IPFD in overweight women with prediabetes. Each models' discriminatory metabolites enriched different metabolic pathways that help to further characterize prediabetes in Asian Chinese women and women with increased IPFD, independently.
Effectiveness of rubber seed oil and flaxseed oil to enhance the α-linolenic acid content in milk from dairy cows; This experiment was conducted to investigate effect of rubber seed oil compared with flaxseed oil when fed alone or in combination on milk yield, milk composition, and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) concentration in milk of dairy cows. Forty-eight mid-lactation Holstein dairy cows were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments according to a completely randomized design. Cows were fed a basal diet (control; CON) or a basal diet supplemented with 4% rubber seed oil (RO), flaxseed oil (FO), or 2% rubber seed oil plus 2% flaxseed oil (RFO) on a dry matter basis for 9 wk. reed intake, milk protein percentage, and milk fat levels did not differ between the treatments. Cows fed the RO, FO, or RFO treatments had a higher milk yield than the CON group (up to 10.5% more), whereas milk fat percentages decreased. Compared with the CON, milk concentration of ALA was substantially higher in cows receiving RO or RFO), and was doubled in cows receiving FO. The ALA yield (g/d) increased by 31.0, 70.3, and 33.4% in milk from cows fed 110, FO, or RFO, respectively, compared with the CON. Both C18:1 trans-11 (vaccenic acid) and C18:2 cis-9,trans-11 (con. tied linoleic acid; CLA) levels were higher in cows fed added flaxseed or rubber seed oil. The CLA yield (g/d) increased by 336, 492, and 484% in cows fed RO, FO, or RFO, respectively, compared with the CON. The increase in vaccenic acid, ALA. and CLA was greater in cows fed RFO than in cows fed 110 alone. Compared with the CON, the milk fat from cows fed any of the dietary supplements had a higher concentration of unsaturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, and polyunsaturated fatty acids; conversely, the saturated fatty acids levels in milk fat were 30.5% lower. Insulin and growth hormones were not affected by dietary treatments; however, we noted an increase in both cholesterol and nonesterified fatty acids levels in the RO, FO, or RFO treatments. These results indicate that rubber seed oil and flaxseed oil will increase milk production and the concentration of functional fatty acids (ALA, vaccenic acid, and CLA) in milk fat while decreasing the content of saturated fatty acids.
Blood Metabolic Profile in Barki Ewes during Transition Period; This technical research article investigated the changes in the hemato-biochemical profile in Barki ewes during the transition period. A total of 15 healthy pregnant Barki ewes (age, 4.9 +/- 0.7 years old; weight, 38.5 +/- 4.9 Kg) were randomly selected for the current study. Blood samples were collected from the selected ewes via jugular vein puncture during the transition period at five different time points; 4 and 2 weeks prior the estimated date of delivery (EDD), at the parturition time, then at 2 and 4 weeks post-partum. Red blood cells (RBCs) count and packed cell volume (PCV) were significantly (P<0.05) decreased 2 weeks before the EDD and at the parturition time. Mean corpuscular volume (MCV) was significantly (P<0.05) decreased 4 weeks post-partum. The neutrophil count and neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio were significantly (P < 0.05) increased 2 weeks post-partum. The level of 8-hydroxy butyric acid (BHBA) and concentration of non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) in the serum were significantly (P<0.05) increased 2 weeks before EDD, at the parturition time, and 2 weeks post-partum. Both cholesterol and triglyceride levels increased significantly (P<0.05) 2 weeks before EDD and at the parturition time. Leptin level was significantly (P<0.05) decreased at 2 weeks and 4 weeks post-partum. Glucose level increased significantly (P<0.05) at the parturition time then decreased significantly (P<0.05) at 2 weeks post-partum, after which it increased again 4 weeks post-partum. Total protein level was significantly (P<0.05) increased 2 weeks post-partum. The level of both calcium and inorganic phosphorus was significantly (P<0.05) decreased at the parturition time and 2 weeks post-partum. The results revealed that Barki ewes showed profound physiological alterations during the transition period which are not necessarily indicative of a disease, but reflect physiological variations. Therefore, metabolic profile test was needed to determine the nutritional status of Barki ewes, and to take the possible preventive measures that increase ewes' productivity and predict health disorders.
Effect of substituting steam-flaked corn for course ground corn on in vitro digestibility, average daily gain, serum metabolites and ruminal volatile fatty acids, and bacteria diversity in growing yaks; Yaks are well adapted to the Qinqhai-Tibetan Plateau and, traditionally, only grazed natural pasture all year without supplements. Today, however, yaks are also raised in feedlots; conse-quently, more information is needed in choosing optimal feeding regimes. This study examined the effects of substituting steam-flaked corn (SFC) for coarse ground corn (CGC) on average daily gain (ADG), in vitro true digestibility (IVTD), concentrations of ruminal volatile fatty acids (VFAs) and serum metabolites, and rumen bacterial diversity of growing yaks. Twenty-one, 2-year-old male yaks (138 +/- 37.3 kg) were divided randomly into 3 groups (n = 7 per group) and received a total mixed ration (TMR) for 143 days. The TMR contained 446 g corn per kg dry matter (DM), but the ratio of CGC: SFC differed among the three groups as: 1) 100:0 (SFC0), 2) 50:50 (SFC50), and 3) 0:100 (SFC100). To maintain conditions similar to the feedlots, the yaks were fed as a group and feed intake was recorded daily. The yaks were weighed on 6 occasions during the study and ADG was calculated for each yak from the regression equation of body weight (BW) on days of treatment. On the morning of d 144 before feed was offered, jugular vein blood was collected to measure the concentrations of serum metabolites, and rumen contents were collected to determine ruminal VFAs, fermentation parameters and bacterial diversity. The daily dry matter intake (DMI) averaged between 6.08 and 6.15 kg per yak for the three dietary treatments and the IVTD increased with an increase in SFC (P < 0.05). The ADG was higher (P < 0.05) by 13.2% (812 vs 717 g/d) in the SFC100 group than in the SFC0 group while the ratio of the average daily DMI per yak to the average ADG per yak was lowest numerically for the SFC100 group (7.51), followed by the SFC50 group (8.46) and then the SFC0 group (8.66). The serum concentrations of alkaline phosphatase (ALP), serum urea-N, and triglycerides (TG) decreased (P < 0.05) but of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and total cholesterol (TC) increased (P < 0.05) with an increasing proportion of dietary SFC. The greater serum concentration of LDH and lesser concentration of serum urea-N suggests that the SFC50 and SFC100 groups were proliferating cells at a faster rate and depositing more protein in muscle tissue than the SFC0 group, as the ADG increased with an increase in the level of dietary SFC. The ruminal concentrations of VFAs increased and of NH3-N decreased with an increase in the pro-portion of SFC. The rumen bacterial diversity did not differ among dietary groups; Bacteroidetes and Firmicutes were the dominant phyla and Prevotella and Succiniclasticum were the dominant genera in all dietary treatments. These results demonstrated that increasing the proportion of SFC could improve IVTD, ruminal concentration of VFAs, ADG and the group DMI to ADG ratio.
Postprandial endothelial dysfunction in subjects with new-onset type 2 diabetes: an acarbose and nateglinide comparative study; Background: Postprandial hyperglycemia is believed to affect vascular endothelial function. The aim of our study was to compare the effects of acarbose and nateglinide on postprandial endothelial dysfunction. Methods: We recruited a total of 30 patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes (19 men and 11 women, age 67.8 +/- 7.3 years). Patients were randomly assigned to 3 groups receiving either 300 mg/day acarbose, 270 mg/day nateglinide, or no medication. A cookie test (consisting of 75 g carbohydrate, 25 g butter fat, and 7 g protein for a total of 553 kcal) was performed as dietary tolerance testing. During the cookie test, glucose and insulin levels were determined at 0, 30, 60, and 120 min after load. In addition, endothelial function was assessed by % flow-mediated dilation (FMD) of the brachial artery at 0 and 120 min after cookie load. Results: Postprandial glucose and insulin levels were similar in the 3 groups. Postprandial endothelial dysfunction was similar in the 3 groups before treatment. After 12 weeks of intervention, postprandial FMD was significantly improved in the acarbose group compared with the control group (6.8 +/- 1.3% vs 5.2 +/- 1.1%, p = 0.0022). Area under the curve (AUC) for insulin response was significantly increased in the nateglinide and control groups; however, no significant change was observed in the acarbose group. Conclusions: Our results suggest that acarbose improves postprandial endothelial function by improvement of postprandial hyperglycemia, independent of postprandial hyperinsulinemia. Acarbose may thus have more beneficial effects on postprandial endothelial function in patients with type 2 diabetes than nateglinide.
DIETARY LINOLEATE AND BLOOD-PRESSURE; Healthy volunteers (100 males and 61 females) were at random assigned to 2 dietary groups. Group A (81 participants) was given a balanced diet allowing a daily intake of 6 g of linoleic acid, group B was allowed 45 g of linoleic acid per day. The groups were quite homogeneous in their professional and economic status, the average age of the males was 45 .+-. 9, that of the females 47 .+-. 8 yr. They had normal blood pressure, normal cardiac status and no detectable circulatory disturbances. Persons  receiving medication were not accepted. A series of various parameters was studied before the start of the experiments and subsequently, 6 times in weekly intervals. Blood samples were taken before breakfast after a 12 h fast. The patients were divided into normolipemic groups and those belonging to types II and IV according to Fredrickson classification; the diets were carefully planned, they were repeatedly analyzed and were readily accepted by the participants. They caused no ill effects. During the hospitalization 4 persons belonging to group A and 9 of group B were excluded leaving 148 cases for final evaluation. No circulatory episodes (infarctions, strokes or peripheral arterial occlusions) or other complications occurred. For the statistical evaluation of the data nonparametric tests were used because it could not be assumed that the groups were normally constituted. The U test of Wilcoxon, Mann and Whitney and the Chi-square test with Yates'' correlation (n > 20) or that of Fisher (n < 20) was used. No decrease of blood pressures after the intake of the linoleic acid rich diet was observed. This was true when all patients belonging to the 2 groups were studied or when subgroups were formed in which participants with the same classification according to Fredrickson were included. In group B, the linoleic acid content of blood lipids was elevated but total cholesterol and apolipoprotein B were reduced. In the persons of Fredrickson type II of group B, the decrease in total serum cholesterol and apolipoprotein B was particularly outspoken. For the 0.1-0.2% of the adult population suffering from familiar hypercholesterolemia and the 3-5% afflicted with secondary hypercholesterolemia a serum cholesterol depressing effect can be expected from the administration of large amounts of linoleate. The results do not justify the replacement of animal fats (butter) by vegetable fats for the  majority of the population.
Consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains for 4 weeks decreases insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant adults: A randomized crossover study; Background. Red and processed meat and refined grains are associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Interventions are limited. We hypothesized that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would decrease insulin sensitivity compared to a diet high in whole grains, nuts, dairy and legumes with no red meat (HWD). Methods. Forty-nine subjects without diabetes [15 men and 34 women, age, 35.6 +/- 15.7 years, body mass index (BMI), 27 +/- 5.9 kg/m(2)] underwent two 4-week weight-stable dietary interventions in a randomized crossover design. The insulin sensitivity index (ISI) was calculated from the last 30 min of a continuous low-dose insulin (25 mU/kg center dot h) and glucose (4 mg/kg center dot min) infusion test (LDIGIT (120_isomin)) at the end of each diet. Results. The population fell into two very discrete groups: those with a very low insulin response in the LDIGIT (120-4.5omin) on HMD (Group 1 < 56 pmol/L, n = 24), and those with relatively normal insulin responses (Group 2 > 56 pmol/L, n = 25). Group 2 had significantly higher insulin concentrations [(median and interquartile range) 153, 180 for HMD vs. 123, 149 pmol/L for HWD; P = 0.019] and glucose concentrations [(mean standard deviation) 7.4 +/- 1.3 for HMD vs.6.7 +/- 1.2 mmol/L for HWD; P = 0.05], resulting in a significantly decreased ISI [(median and interquartile range) 21.1, 34.2 for HMD vs. 31.6, 39.4 for HWD; P = 0.014] compared to HWD. Log ISI after HMD was significantly correlated with BMI (r = -0.5; P = 0.009), fat mass (r = -0.55; P = 0.004) and self-reported activity levels (r = -0.45; P = 0.024). Conclusions. A dietary pattern high in red and processed meat and refined grains decreased insulin sensitivity compared to a dietary pattern high in whole grains, nuts, dairy products and legumes only in relatively insulin-resistant adults. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Silymarin in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and nephropathy-now the leading cause of end-stage renal disease and dialysis in Europe and the United States. Inflammation and oxidative stress play a pivotal role in the development of diabetic complications. Silymarin, an herbal drug with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, may improve glycemic control and prevent the progression of the complications. In a systematic review and meta-analysis including five randomized controlled trials and 270 patients, routine silymarin administration determines a significant reduction in fasting blood glucose levels (-26.86mg/dL; 95% CI -35.42-18.30) and HbA1c levels (-1.07; 95% CI -1.73-0.40) and has no effect on lipid profile. Benefits for silymarin on proteinuria and CKD progressions are reported in only one small study and are uncertain. However, being aware of the low quality of the available evidence and elevated heterogeneity of these studies, no recommendation can be made and further studies are needed.
Health-promoting effects of bovine colostrum in Type 2 diabetic patients can reduce blood glucose, cholesterol, triglyceride and ketones; Bovine colostrum (BC) has been reported to enhance immune function, reduce fat accumulation and facilitate the movement of glucose to the muscle. However, very few attempts have been made to examine its anti-diabetic effects in diabetes patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether BC decreases blood glucose, as well as cholesterol, triglyceride (TG) and ketones levels, which can be elevated by obesity and stress in Type 2 diabetic patients. Sixteen patients (men=8, women=8) with Type 2 diabetes were randomized into the study. Each ingested 5 g of BC on an empty stomach every morning and night for 4 weeks. Blood glucose, ketones (beta-hydroxybutyric acid), total cholesterol and TGs were measured every week. In both the men and women, blood glucose levels at 2 and 8 h postprandial decreased continually during the experimental period. The rate of decrease in blood glucose at 8 It postprandial was not different between the men and women, but was higher in the women (14.25 +/- 2.66) than in the men (10.96 +/- 1.82%) at 2 h postprandial. Total cholesterol and TG levels decreased significantly in both the men and women after 4 weeks. Also, beta-hydroxybutyric acid level decreased with BC ingestion, but this was not significant. These results suggest that BC can decrease levels of blood glucose and ketones, as well as reduce cholesterol and TGs, all of which may cause complications in Type 2 diabetic patients. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Daily Inclusion of Resistant Starch-Containing Potatoes in a Dietary Guidelines for Americans Dietary Pattern Does Not Adversely Affect Cardiometabolic Risk or Intestinal Permeability in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Poor diet quality influences cardiometabolic risk. Although potatoes are suggested to adversely affect cardiometabolic health, controlled trials that can establish causality are limited. Consistent with potatoes being rich in micronutrients and resistant starch, we hypothesized that their inclusion in a Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA)-based dietary pattern would improve cardiometabolic and gut health in metabolic syndrome (MetS) persons. In a randomized cross-over trial, MetS persons (n = 27; 32.5 +/- 1.3 year) consumed a DGA-based diet for 2 weeks containing potatoes (DGA + POTATO; 17.5 g/day resistant starch) or bagels (DGA + BAGEL; 0 g/day resistant starch) prior to completing oral glucose and gut permeability tests. Blood pressure, fasting glucose and insulin, and insulin resistance decreased (p < 0.05) from baseline regardless of treatment without any change in body mass. Oral glucose-induced changes in brachial artery flow-mediated dilation, nitric oxide homeostasis, and lipid peroxidation did not differ between treatment arms. Serum endotoxin AUC(0-120 min) and urinary lactulose/mannitol, but not urinary sucralose/erythritol, were lower in DGA + POTATO. Fecal microbiome showed limited between-treatment differences, but the proportion of acetate was higher in DGA + POTATO. Thus, short-term consumption of a DGA-based diet decreases cardiometabolic risk, and the incorporation of resistant starch-containing potatoes into a healthy diet reduces small intestinal permeability and postprandial endotoxemia.
The effect of DASH diet on pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The current study was performed to investigate the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). SUBJECTS/METHODS: This randomized controlled clinical trial was performed among 52 women diagnosed with GDM. Participants were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n=26) or the DASH diet (n=26) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45-55% carbohydrates, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The numbers of women who commenced insulin therapy after dietary intervention, the mode of delivery and prevalence of polyhydramnios were assessed. The length, weight and head circumference of infants were measured during the first 24 h after birth. RESULTS: Whereas 46.2% of women in the DASH diet needed to have a cesarean section, this percentage for the control group was 80.8% (P=0.01). The percentage of those who needed to commence insulin therapy after intervention was also significantly different between the two groups (23% for DASH vs 73% for control group, P<0.0001). Infants born to mothers on the DASH diet had significantly lower weight (3222.7 vs 3818.8 g, P<0.0001), head circumference (34.2 vs 35.1 cm, P=0.01) and ponderal index (2.50 vs 2.87 kg/m(3), P<0.0001) compared with those born to mothers on the control diet. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, consumption of DASH diet for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in improved pregnancy outcomes.
Effects of Regular Kefir Consumption on Gut Microbiota in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Parallel-Group, Randomized, Controlled Study; Several health-promoting effects of kefir have been suggested, however, there is limited evidence for its potential effect on gut microbiota in metabolic syndrome This study aimed to investigate the effects of regular kefir consumption on gut microbiota composition, and their relation with the components of metabolic syndrome. In a parallel-group, randomized, controlled clinical trial setting, patients with metabolic syndrome were randomized to receive 180 mL/day kefir (n = 12) or unfermented milk (n = 10) for 12 weeks. Anthropometrical measurements, blood samples, blood pressure measurements, and fecal samples were taken at the beginning and end of the study. Fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, TNF-alpha, IFN-gamma, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure showed a significant decrease by the intervention of kefir (p <= 0.05, for each). However, no significant difference was obtained between the kefir and unfermented milk groups (p > 0.05 for each). Gut microbiota analysis showed that regular kefir consumption resulted in a significant increase only in the relative abundance of Actinobacteria (p = 0.023). No significant change in the relative abundance of Bacteroidetes, Proteobacteria or Verrucomicrobia by kefir consumption was obtained. Furthermore, the changes in the relative abundance of sub-phylum bacterial populations did not differ significantly between the groups (p > 0.05, for each). Kefir supplementation had favorable effects on some of the metabolic syndrome parameters, however, further investigation is needed to understand its effect on gut microbiota composition.
Associations of Infant Nutrition with Insulin Resistance Measures in Early Adulthood: Evidence from the Barry-Caerphilly Growth (BCG) Study; Background: Previous studies suggest that over-nutrition in early infancy may programme long-term susceptibility to insulin resistance. Objective: To assess the association of breast milk and quantity of infant formula and cows' milk intake during infancy with insulin resistance measures in early adulthood. Design: Long-term follow-up of the Barry Caerphilly Growth cohort, into which mothers and their offspring had originally been randomly assigned, between 1972-1974, to receive milk supplementation or not. Participants were the offspring, aged 23-27 years at follow-up (n = 679). Breastfeeding and formula/cows' milk intake was recorded prospectively by nurses. The main outcomes were insulin sensitivity (ISI0) and insulin secretion (CIR30). Results: 573 (84%) individuals had valid glucose and insulin results and complete covariate information. There was little evidence of associations of breastfeeding versus any formula/cows' milk feeding or of increasing quartiles of formula/cows' milk consumption during infancy (<3 months) with any outcome measure in young adulthood. In fully adjusted models, the differences in outcomes between breastfeeding versus formula/cows' milk feeding at 3 months were: fasting glucose (-0.07 mmol/l; 95% CI: -0.19, 0.05); fasting insulin (8.0%; -8.7, 27.6); ISI0 (-6.1%; -11.3, 12.1) and CIR30 (3.8%; -19.0, 32.8). There was also little evidence that increasing intakes of formula/cows' milk at 3 months were associated with fasting glucose (increase per quartile of formula/cows' milk intake = 0.00 mmol/l; -0.03, 0.03); fasting insulin (0.8%; -3.2, 5.1); ISI (0) (-0.9%; -5.1, 3.5) and CIR30 (-2.6%; -8.4, 3.6). Conclusions: We found no evidence that increasing consumption of formula/cows' milk in early infancy was associated with insulin resistance in young adulthood.
Dietary supplementation with inulin improves lactation performance and serum lipids by regulating the rumen microbiome and metabolome in dairy cows; This study investigated the effects of inulin on rumen fermentation parameters, ruminal microbiome and metabolites, as well as lactation performance and serum indexes in dairy cows. Sixteen Holstein dairy cows with similar body conditions were randomly divided into 2 groups (n = 8 per group), with inulin addition at 0 and 200 g/d per cow. The experiment lasted for 6 weeks, including a 1-week adaptation period and a 5-week treatment period. At the end of the experimental period, the milk, serum and rumen fluid were sampled and analyzed. The microbiome and metabolome in the rumen fluid were analyzed via 16S rRNA sequencing and untargeted metabolomics, respectively. The results showed that supplementation with inulin (200 g/d per cow) increased the milk yield (P = 0.001), milk protein (P = 0.032), lactose rate (P = 0.004) and proportion of saturated fatty acids (SFA) in milk (P < 0.001), but decreased the proportion of unsaturated fatty acids (USFA) (P = 0.041). Rumen pH (P = 0.040) and the concentration of NH3-N (P = 0.024) were decreased; however, acetate (P < 0.001), propionate (P = 0.003), butyrate (P < 0.001) and lactic acid (LA) (P = 0.043) were increased. The total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.008) and triglycerides (TG) (P = 0.01) in serum were also reduced. Additionally, inulin addition elevated the relative abundance of several beneficial symbiotic and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing bacteria, such as Muribaculaceae (false discovery rate [FDR]-adjusted P < 0.01), Acetitomaculum (FDR-adjusted P = 0.043), and Butyrivibrio (FDR-adjusted P = 0.036), while elevating the levels of L-lysine (FDR-adjusted P = 4.24 x 10(-3)), L-proline (FDR-adjusted P = 0.0158), and L-phenylalanine (FDRadjusted P = 0.027). In contrast, several pathogens and ruminal bacteria abundant in high-fat diets, such as Escherichia-Shigella (FDR-adjusted P = 0.022), Erysipelotrichaceae_UCG-004 (FDR-adjusted P < 0.01) and RF39 (FDR-adjusted P = 0.042) were decreased along with the reduction of lysophosphatidylcholine (LysoPC) (18:1 (9Z)) (FDR-adjusted P = 1.03 x 10(-3)), LysoPC (16:0) (FDR-adjusted P = 0.0108), LysoPC (18:2 (9Z, 12Z)) (FDRadjusted P = 1.65 x 10(-3)) and 8-methylnonenoate. In conclusion, dietary inulin supplementation could increase the relative abundance of commensal microbiota and SCFA-producing bacteria, upregulate amino acidmetabolism and downregulate lipid metabolism in the rumen of dairy cows, which might further improve lactation performance and the level of serum lipids. (C) 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd.
Supplementation with a mixture of whole rice bran and crude glycerin on metabolic responses and performance of primiparous beef cows; This study investigated the effect of a supplement containing whole rice bran and crude glycerin for 21 days before mating on metabolic, productive, and reproductive responses of 28 primiparous suckling beef cows. Cows were randomly assigned to a control group (CON, n = 14), grazing on grasslands, and a supplemented group (SUP, n = 14), grazing on grasslands and supplemented daily individually with 1 kg dry matter (DM) of whole rice bran + 550 mL crude glycerin (224 g kg-1 DM of methanol) per cow. After 33 days of natural mating, cows that had not expressed estrus were subjected to a fixed-time artificial insemination protocol. Ten days after the insemination program, bulls were reintroduced for 21 days. Supplementation increased milk yield (SUP: 5.7+/-0.2 vs. CON: 5.0+/-0.2 kg d-1), milk protein content (SUP: 3.1+/-0.2 vs. CON: 2.8+/-0.2%), and body weight of cow (SUP: 379+/-2 vs. CON: 373+/-2 kg) and calf (SUP: 150+/-2 vs. CON: 142+/-2 kg). Supplementation improved the energy balance, increased plasma concentrations of cholesterol (SUP: 223.2+/-6.4 vs. CON: 202.1+/-6.4 mg dL(-1)) and glucose (SUP: 72.0+/-1.2 vs. CON: 68.6+/-1.2 mg dL-1), and reduced non-esterified fatty acids (SUP: 0.45+/-0.02 vs. CON: 0.56+/-0.02 mmol L-1). The percentage of cows on superficial anestrous after supplementation was greater in SUP than in CON group (57 vs. 21%, respectively); however, no difference in final pregnancy rate was found (SUP: 79 vs. CON: 64%). There was no evidence that the ingestion of crude glycerin with high content of methanol induced clinical or hepatic disorders. Supplementation of whole rice bran and crude glycerin is not toxic, and can improve the energy balance, reflecting in increase in milk yield and calf growth, with a slight effect on the reproductive activity.
The effect of probiotic supplementation on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized placebo controlled trial; Aims: The role of gut microbiota in the pathogenesis of diabetes is increasing; this study investigates the effect of multi-strain probiotics on fasting plasma glucose (FPG), plasma insulin and lipid profile among patients. Methods: This randomized double blind controlled trial was performed among 60 patients; individuals were randomly assigned into 2 groups of 30 participants in order to take either probiotic supplements or placebo for 6 weeks. The probiotic supplement consisted of 7 viable strains Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium and Streptococcus. Nutrient intakes were estimated using a 3-day and 24 hour-dietary recall at the beginning and end of study. Fasting blood samples were taken before and after intervention to measure the levels of FPG, plasma insulin and lipid profiles. Results: Within group comparisons showed significant decrease and increase in the levels of FPG (P = 0.001) and HDL-C (P = 0.002) in probiotic group, respectively. No significant alterations were observed for within and between group comparisons in the levels of insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol, insulin resistance and anthropometric measurements, including weight, waist circumference and body mass index (all P > 0.05). Conclusions: This study showed a significant decrease in FPG level by multi-strain probiotic supplements in within group comparison; though, further studies are needed to confirm results. (IRCT Code: IRCT2013100714925N1). (c) 2018 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of Diabetes India.
COMPARISON OF CALORIE-DEFINED DIET WITH CONVENTIONAL EXCHANGE DIET IN TYPE-2 DIABETES-MELLITUS; Meal planning using food exchange lists is problematic for many elderly type 2 diabetic subjects because the system is too complicated and too rigid regarding the daily meals. In addition, exchange lists are calorically imprecise. 12 non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects agreed to participate in the present study (6 male, 6 female; age 40-82 years, weight 80 +/- 6 kg; Hb(Alc) 7.3 +/- 0.3%); they received sequentially in randomized order either a diet using exchange lists, or a diet defined by total amount of allowed daily calories ("calorie diet"), both containing approx. 25 calories/kg ideal body weight/day, each for 8 weeks. The "exchange lists" mainly contained foods which were defined according to their content in carbohydrates (including bread exchanges, fruit exchanges, milk exchanges, vegetable exchanges). With the "calorie diet" the patients were relatively free during the day, the only rule being that they were allowed to consume a certain amount of calories per day, using a "calorie ruler". The results demonstrated that body weight decreased similarly during both diet periods (2.0 +/- 0.8 kg during the exchange list diet; 2.5 +/- 0.9 kg during the "calorie diet"). Fasting blood glucose concentration decreased during the "calorie diet" by 7% (p < 0.05; fasting blood glucose at the end of the "calorie diet" was lower than after the exchange list diet (p < 0.016). Serum lipoproteins were similar after both diet periods. 10/12 patients preferred the "calorie diet" because of its simplicity and flexibility. It allowed consumption of instant food which was calorically defined but difficult to convert into the exchange system. The dietitians needed less time to teach the "calorie diet" compared to the exchange list diet. Thus, the "calorie diet" was in many respects superior to the conventional exchange list diet for the treatment of elderly obese type 2 diabetic subjects.
New Insights on Nigella Sativa's Protective Effect against High Fat Diet Induced Alteration in Small Intestine and Liver of Rats: a Biochemical and Histological Study; Background: Excessive consumption of High Fat Diet (HFD) harmfully impacts body tissues and organs. Interestingly, there is a high concern towards the use of medicinal plants to ameliorate those harmful effects. Objectives: This study is aimed at investigating the effective possibility of Nigella Sativa (NS) seeds powder on liver and small intestine of the rats fed on HFD using biochemical, histological and morphometric techniques. Material and Methods: Eighteen adult male albino rats were randomly divided into three equal groups. Group I (control) was fed on standard rat pellets chow, Group II (HFD) was fed on standard diet mixed butter (20% fat of diet) and Group III (HFD + NS) was fed on HFD and concomitantly administrated Nigella sativa (300 mg/Kg daily orally) for 8 weeks. The biochemical study included lipid profile assessment and the histological study included paraffin sections of small intestine and liver stained by Hematoxylin and Eosin, Masson-trichrome for liver collagen and PAS for intestinal Goblet cells to evaluate the histological alteration. Quantitative statistical analysis of area percent of liver collagen content and goblet cells was done using Digital pro-image analysis. Results: HFD was associated with increased serum lipid profile. The histological analysis of hepatic sections revealed abundant fat deposition, inflammatory cell infiltrate, degeneration of hepatocytes with significant increase of collagen fibers as shown by image analysis. Inflammatory changes with significant reduction in the mean area percent of Goblet cells were observed in intestine of HFD group. NS intake significantly lowered serum level of total cholesterol, triglycerides and LDL, in concomitant with reversed HFD-induced histological alteration by decreasing hepatic collagen deposition and increasing intestinal goblet cells. Conclusion: Biochemical, histological and morphometric results provided further evidence that crude NS seeds powder can ameliorate high fat diet-induced alteration in liver and small intestine suggesting its beneficial use in preventive medicine.
Lactation Performance, Milk Fatty Acid Composition, and Blood Lipid Profile of Lactating Buffaloes in Response to Dietary Soybean and Linseed Oils; There is an awareness in augmenting conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and n-3 fatty acids (FA), while lowering saturated FA (SFA) in ruminant milk due to their advantageous health benefits for humans. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the effects of soybean and linseed oils on milk yield, milk composition, milk FA profile, and blood lipid metabolites. Eighteen multiparous Egyptian buffaloes fed corn silage and clover hay-based diet were allocated at random for body weight, days in milk, and milk yield into 3 groups of 6 buffaloes each using a randomized block design. Dietary treatments consisted of three concentrate supplements containing no additional plant oil (CON) or containing soybean oil (SO) or linseed oil at a level of 2.6% of dry matter intake (DMI) (400 g/head/d; 25.6 g/kg DM1). Moderate dietary inclusion of SO or LO had no detrimental effects on DM1, milk production, or milk fat per cent. Milk protein, lactose, ash, and total solids concentrations were increased by LO supplementation. The LO diet decreased milk total SFA content (C10:0, C12:0, C14:0, C16:0), augment monounsaturated FA (MUFA), 18:3n-3 FA, CLA, and polyunsaturated FA, as well as lower atherogenicity index and n-6:n-3 compared to CON. On the other hand, the SO diet increased milk fat content of n-6 FA, CLA, MUFA, and n-6:n-3, and decreased the atherogenicity index compared to CON. LO supplementation had no effect on serum concentrations of triglyceride, total lipids, HDL, and LDL. However, the SO group tended to have greater serum total lipids and LDL concentrations and significantly elevated level of serum cholesterol. In conclusion, dietary inclusion of LO in the concentrate supplement of dairy buffaloes could enrich the nutritive value of milk with advantageous FA (n-3 FA, MUFA, and CLA) and lower the atherogenicity index and n6 to n3 ratio without triggering any adverse effects on buffalo performance.
Kidney Function Improvement by Soy Milk Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum A7</i> in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy A Double-Blinded Randomized Controlled Trial; Introduction. Even with the ultimate medical management, more than one-third of diabetic patients develop diabetic nephropathy. To our knowledge, there is no study that has examined the effect of probiotic soy milk on kidney function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. This clinical trial aimed to assess the effects of consumption of probiotic soy milk, compared with conventional soy milk, on kidney-related indexes in patients with diabetic nephropathy. Materials and Methods. In a randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trial, 44 patients were randomly assigned to receive 200 mL/d of either soy milk containing Lactobacillus plantarum A7 or conventional soy milk for 8 weeks. Primary endpoints included urinary albumin excretion, estimated glomerular filtration rate, interlukin-18, serum sialic acid, and serum creatinine. Fasting blood samples and morning fasting spot urine samples were collected at the beginning and after 8 weeks for evaluation of biochemical parameters. Results. Forty patients completed the study. Administration of probiotic soymilk resulted in a significant reduction in albuminuria (P = .03), serum creatinine (P < .001), serum interleukin-18 (P = .002), and serum sialic acid (P = .001) compared with conventional soy milk. Probiotic soymilk supplementation also led to a significant improvement in estimated glomerular filtration rate (15.9 +/- 10.8 mL/min versus 3.2 +/- 8.4 mL/min, P < .001) compared with the control group. Conclusions. Probiotic soy milk was safe and well-tolerated by patients with diabetic nephropathy for 8 weeks. Probiotic soy milk also improved indexes of kidney function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy.
Milk intake is not associated with low risk of diabetes or overweight-obesity: a Mendelian randomization study in 97,811 Danish individuals; Background: High dairy/milk intake has been associated with a low risk of type 2 diabetes observationally, but whether this represents a causal association is unknown. Objective: We tested the hypothesis that high milk intake is associated with a low risk of type 2 diabetes and of overweight-obesity, observationally and genetically. Design: In 97,811 individuals from the Danish general population, we examined the risk of incident type 2 diabetes and of overweight-obesity by milk intake observationally and by LCT-13910 C/T genotype [polymorphism (rs4988235) upstream from the lactase (LCT) gene], where TT and TC genotypes are associated with lactase persistence and CC with nonpersistence. Results: Observationally for any compared with no milk intake, the HR for type 2 diabetes was 1.10 (95% CI: 0.98, 1.24; P = 0.11), whereas the OR for overweight-obesity was 1.06 (1.02, 1.09; P = 0.002). Median milk intake was 5 glasses/wk (IQR: 0-10) for lactase TT/TC persistence and 3 (07) for CC nonpersistence. Genetically for lactase TT/TC persistence Compared with CC nonpersistence, the OR was 0.96, (0.86, 1.08; P = 0.50) for type 2 diabetes and 1.06 (1.00, 1.12; P = 0.04) for overweight-obesity. In a stratified analysis for type 2 diabetes, corresponding values in those with and without milk intake were 0.88 (0.76, 1.03; P = 0.11) and 1.35 (1.07, 1.70; P = 0.01) (P-interaction: 0.002), whereas no gene-milk interaction on overweight-obesity was found. For a 1-glass/wk higher milk intake, the genetic risk ratio for type 2 diabetes was 0.99 (0.93, 1.06), and the corresponding observational risk was 1.01 (1.00, 1.01). For overweight-obesity, the corresponding values were 1.01 (1.00, 1.02) genetically and 1.00 (1.00, 1.01) observationally. Conclusions: High milk intake is not associated with a low risk of type 2 diabetes or overweight-obesity, observationally or genetically via lactase persistence. The higher risk of type 2 diabetes in lactase-persistent individuals without milk intake likely is explained by collider stratification bias.
Effects of supplementation with a phytobiotics-rich herbal mixture on performance, udder health, and metabolic status of Holstein cows with various levels of milk somatic cell counts; This study evaluated the effects of dietary supplementation of a novel phytobiotics-rich herbal mixture (PRHM) on feed intake, performance, udder health, ruminal fermentation, and plasma metabolites in cows with moderate or high somatic cell counts (SCC) in the milk. Twenty-four Holstein dairy cows (117 +/- 26 d in milk and 46.3 +/- 4.7 kg of milk/d at the start of the experiment) were blocked by parity and days in milk and split into 2 groups, based on SCC in the milk; 12 cows were with moderate SCC (260,000 < SCC <500,000 cells/mL), whereas 12 other cows had high levels of SCC (>500,000 cells/mL) in the milk. Within each SCC group, cows were blocked by milk yield and parity, and were randomly assigned to 2 different feeding regimens. Half of the cows in each SCC group (n = 6) were supplemented with PRHM (185 g/cow per day, providing 12.4 g of phenolic compounds per day), and the other half (n = 6) were not supplemented in their diets. The experiment lasted 36 d, whereby the first 24 d were used for adaptation to the diets and the last 12 d for sampling. Data showed that supplementation of PRHM decreased somatic cell score in the milk, indicating improved udder health of cows with high initial SCC, but not in cows with moderate SCC. Also, cows supplemented with PRHM consumed more feed DM, produced greater amounts of milk, and showed an improvement of feed utilization efficiency. However, these cows also lost more back-fat thickness during the experiment. Supplementation of PRHM increased fat- and energy-corrected milk yields in cows with high initial SCC, but not in cows with moderate SCC. Supplementation of PRHM decreased milk fat content, whereas other milk components were not affected by PRHM feeding. The PRHM supplementation decreased the acetate-to-propionate ratio in the rumen fluid, but increased beta-hydroxybutyrate and cholesterol concentration in the plasma, irrespective of the initial SCC level in the milk. Other plasma metabolites and liver enzymes were not affected by PRHM supplementation. Apparent nutrient digestibility did not differ among treatments. Overall, supplementation of PRHM seems to be an effective strategy to enhance performance and lower SCC, particularly in cows having high SCC levels in the milk. Further research is warranted to evaluate long-term effects of PRHM supplementation, especially with regard to metabolic health status and reproduction.
Beyond Meatless, the Health Effects of Vegan Diets: Findings from the Adventist Cohorts; Vegetarians, those who avoid meat, and vegans, additionally avoiding dairy and eggs, represent 5% and 2%, respectively, of the US population. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of vegetarian diets, particularly strict vegetarian diets (i.e., vegans) on health and disease outcomes. We summarized available evidence from three prospective cohorts of Adventists in North America: Adventist Mortality Study, Adventist Health Study, and Adventist Health Study-2. Non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes. Vegetarian diets confer protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiometabolic risk factors, some cancers and total mortality. Compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, vegan diets seem to offer additional protection for obesity, hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular mortality. Males experience greater health benefits than females. Limited prospective data is available on vegetarian diets and body weight change. Large randomized intervention trials on the effects of vegetarian diet patterns on neurological and cognitive functions, obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular outcomes are warranted to make meaningful recommendations.
Dietary milk fat globule membrane supplementation during late gestation increased the growth of neonatal piglets by improving their plasma parameters, intestinal barriers, and fecal microbiota; Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM), mainly comprising protein and fat, has been reported to have multiple biological functions for relieving intestinal inflammation and enhancing growth performance. We hypothesized that MFGM supplementation into sows' diet during late gestation can have a positive impact on the intestinal microecology of sows and their piglets, as well as on the growth of neonates. Therefore, the present study was conducted to investigate such effects and their potential mechanisms. Twenty-two pregnant sows were selected and randomly divided into the CON group (basal diet) and MFGM group (basal diet supplemented with 9.9 g per day MFGM). The feeding period began from d 85 of gestation and until farrowing. The concentrations of albumin (ALB), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in feces of sows from the MFGM group were determined. The concentrations of growth hormone (GH), immunoglobulin A (IgA), glucose (GLU), and NEFA in the umbilical cord blood in the MFGM group were significantly higher than those in the CON group. Piglets from the MFGM group showed improved growth performance, increased villus height in the jejunum, decreased crypt depth in the duodenum and jejunum, upregulated mRNA expressions of tight junctions (namely, Occludin; Claudin-1, Claudin-2, and Claudin-4; zonulin-1 (ZO-1)); mucins such as Mucin 2, Mucin 4, Mucin 13, and Mucin 20; and immune-related genes, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interferon-gamma (INF-gamma), interleukin-22 (IL-22), toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2), and toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). In addition, the abundance of Prevotella in the feces of sows at farrowing and the abundance of Christensenellaceae_R-7_group in the feces of 21 day-old piglets from the MFGM group were significantly higher. Further correlation analysis revealed that the Christensenellaceae_R-7_group was positively correlated with the relative mRNA expressions of Occludin, Claudin-1, Claudin-2, Claudin-4, Mucin 13, TLR2, and TLR4. In conclusion, MFGM supplementation during late gestation improved the physiological status of sows by improving their plasma parameters and intestinal microecology. The improved provision of nutrients through the umbilical cord blood and optimized microbiota colonization in neonatal piglets were beneficial to the intestinal morphological structure and barrier functions, consequently improving the growth performance of neonates during lactation. These findings provide insights into the future applications of MFGM with regard to maternal-fetal nutrition and a new option for nutritional intervention of neonates through maternal dietary manipulation.
Dietary phospholipids rich in long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids improve the repair of small intestine in previously malnourished piglets; Malnourished piglets were studied to establish how a diet containing long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) of the (n-6) and (n-3) series, esterified in the form of phospholipids, affects intestinal recovery after severe malnutrition. Piglets (7-d-old) were randomly assigned to two groups. One group was fed a piglet milk formula and the other was malnourished by protein-energy restriction for 30 d. Healthy and malnourished piglets were then divided into two subgroups fed far 10 d either an adapted milk formula (C and M) or the same diet supplemented with LC-PUFA phospholipids (C-P and M-P). The M-P group had greater protein, DNA, cholesterol and phospholipid levels and a lower triglyceride level in the jejunal segment than did the M group. The fatty acid composition of the jejunal mucosa and microsomes of the M-P piglets did not differ from that of healthy piglets (C), However, in jejunal mucosa, microsomes and phospholipids from malnourished piglets that did not receive LC-PUFA (group M) had significantly lower percentages of (n-6) LC-PUFA than those in healthy piglets (C). The (n-3) LC-PUFA percentages of jejunal mucosa were also lower in the M group than in the C group. The small intestine of piglets fed the LC-PUFA-supplemented formula recovered more completely from histologic lesions and biochemical alterations caused by the malnutrition process than the small intestine of piglets fed the control formula without LC-PUFA.
The efficacy of <i>Silybum marianum</i> (L.) Gaertn. (Silymarin) in the treatment of type II diabetes:: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial; Oxidative stresses are increasingly implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic complications which may either cause direct pancreatic beta-cell damage or lead to metabolic abnormalities that can induce or aggravate diabetes. The valuable effect of antioxidant nutrients on the glycemic control of diabetic patients has been reported in experimental and clinical studies. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of the herbal medicine, Silybum marianum seed extract (silymarin), which is known to have antioxidant properties on the glycemic profile in diabetic patients. A 4-month randomized double-blind clinical trial was conducted in 51 type II diabetic patients in two well-matched groups. The first group (n = 25) received a silymarin (200 mg) tablet 3 times a day plus conventional therapy. The second group (n = 26) received the same therapy but a placebo tablet instead of silymarin. The patients were visited monthly and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1)c), fasting blood glucose (FBS), insulin, total cholesterol, LDL and HDL, triglyceride, SGOT and SGPT levels were determined at the beginning and the end of the study. The results showed a significant decrease in HbA(1)c, FBS, total cholesterol, LDL, triglyceride SGOT and SGPT levels in silymarin treated patients compared with placebo as well as with values at the beginning of the study in each group. In conclusion, silymarin treatment in type II diabetic patients for 4 months has a beneficial effect on improving the glycemic profile. Copyright (c) 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Reduced-Fat Response of <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>casei</i> subsp. <i>casei</i> SY13 on a Time and Dose-Dependent Model; A reduced-fat effect of probiotics was primarily derived functionally rather than structurally, and we investigated the ultra-structural aspect of the gut mucosa in Syrian golden hamsters with high-fat diet by feeding with Lactobacillus casei subsp. casei SY13 (Lc SY13). 36 adult-male Syrian golden hamsters were randomly grouped into four; control group (G1), high-fat group (G2), high-dose group (G3), and low-dose group (G4). The G1 hamsters were fed a standard normal chow diet, while those in other groups were fed a high-fat chow diet for duration of 8 weeks. With the use of oral gavage, G1 hamsters were administered 1 mL of skim milk/hamster/day, while G3 and G4 hamsters were administered Lc SY13 at 4.1 x 10(10) or 4.1 x 10(8) cells/hamster/day. At 14, 28, and 56 days consecutively, three golden hamsters from each group were sacrificed by carotid, taking blood from eyeball for quantitative detection of hamsters serum total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TO), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL). At 56 days, Taqman-MGB fluorescence probe was used for the quantitative detection of Lc SY13 in the intestinal mucosal, and their ileum was viewed using transmission electron microscopy (TEM). Screening of the ileum microvilli of the hamsters showed that at 56 days, G3 was significantly (P < 0.05) bigger than other groups while its serum TC, TG, and TDL decreased. Lc SY13 was detected in the intestines, and was significantly (P < 0.05) higher in the ileum of G3 than those of G4. In conclusion, Lc SY13 may play a remarkable reduced-fat response role by improving high-fat uptake as well as its metabolism and transport; most especially in G3. The reduced-fat response of the Lc SY13 differed in a time and dose-dependent manner. These findings indicated that probiotic strains of Lc SY13 can reduce fat level, thus suggesting its potential in ameliorating obesity-related diseases.
Cheddar Cheese Ripening Affects Plasma Nonesterified Fatty Acid and Serum Insulin Concentrations in Growing Pigs; Background: Meta-analyses of observational studies found cheese consumption to be inversely associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. This may be attributed to the bioactive compounds produced during cheese ripening. Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate by means of a porcine model how cheeses with different ripening times affect blood glucose, insulin, and lipid concentrations and fecal-fat excretion. Methods: A parallel-arm randomized intervention study with 36 Landrace x Yorkshire x Duroc crossbred 3-mo-old female pigs was conducted. The pigs were fed a 21-d butter-rich run-in diet (143 g of butter/kg diet), followed by a 14-d intervention with 1 of 3 isocaloric diets: 4-mo ripened cheddar (4-MRC) diet, 14-mo ripened cheddar (14-MRC) diet, or 24-mo ripened cheddar (24-MRC) diet (350 g of cheese/kg diet). Serum cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and insulin; plasma nonesterified fatty acids (NEFAs) and glucose; fecal-fat excretion; and body weight were measured. Results: Plasma NEFAs were lower in the 24-MAC (201 +/- 26 mu Eq/L) and in the 14-MAC (171 +/- 19 mu Eq/L) diet groups than in the 4-MAC diet group (260 +/- 27 mu Eq/L; P = 0.044 and P = 0.001). Serum insulin was lower in the 24-MAC diet group (1.04 +/- 0.09 mmol/L) than in the 4-MAC diet group (1.44 +/- 0.14 mmol/L; P = 0.002), but intermediate and not different from either in the 14-MAC diet group (1.25 +/- 0.11 mmol/L). Likewise, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance was lower in the 24-MAC diet group (0.030 +/- 0.003) than in the 4-MAC diet group (0.041 +/- 0.005; P< 0.01), but intermediate and not different from either in the 14-MAC group (0.036 +/- 0.004). Conclusions: Intake of long-term ripened cheddar improved indicators of insulin sensitivity in growing pigs compared with short-term ripened cheddar. This may also be important for human health.
Both free and esterified plant sterols reduce cholesterol absorption and the bioavailability of β-carotene and α-tocopherol in normocholesterolemic humans; Background: Plant sterols reduce cholesterol absorption, which leads to a decrease in plasma and LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Plant sterols also lower plasma concentrations of carotenoids and a-tocopherol, but the mechanism of action is not yet understood. Objectives: The aims of this clinical study were to determine whether plant sterols affect the bioavailability of beta-carotene and a-tocopherol in normocholesterolemic men and to compare the effects of plant sterol esters and plant free sterols on cholesterol absorption. Design: Twenty-six normocholesterolemic men completed the double-blind, randomized, crossover study. Subjects consumed daily, for I wk, each of the following 3 supplements: a low-fat milk-based beverage alone (control) or the same beverage supplemented with 2.2 g plant sterol equivalents provided as either free sterols or sterol esters. During this 1-wk supplementation period, subjects consumed a standardized diet. Results: Both of the milks enriched with plant sterols induced a similar (60%) decrease in cholesterol absorption. Plant free sterols and plant sterol esters reduced the bioavailability of beta-carotene by approximate to50% and that of a-tocopherol by approximate to20%. The reduction in beta-carotene bioavailability was significantly less with plant free sterols than with plant sterol esters. At the limit of significance (P = 0.054) in the area under the curve, the reduction in alpha-tocopherol bioavailability was also less with plant free sterols than with plant sterol esters. Conclusions: Both plant sterols reduced beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol bioavailability and cholesterol absorption in normocholesterolemic men. However, plant sterol esters reduced the bioavailability of beta-carotene and a-tocopherol more than did plant free sterols.
Evaluating the performance, carcass traits and conjugated linoleic acid content in muscle and adipose tissues of Black Bengal goats fed soybean oil and sunflower oil; An experiment was conducted to investigate the feeding of soybean oil (SOY) and sunflower oil (SUN) on performance, carcass traits and fatty acid (FA) composition, including conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) in meat of Black Bengal goats. Eighteen growing goats (initial body weight (BW) of 11.1 +/- 0.49 kg and 9-12 months of age) were equally allotted into 3 groups (control, SOY and SUN) in a randomized complete block design (blocked according to initial BW). Goats were fed concentrate mixtures with similar nitrogen and calculated metabolizable energy content with added vegetable oils (SOY or SUN) at 45 g/kg dietary dry matter or without oil (control), and berseem hay (60:40). A metabolic trial was conducted after 105 days of feeding, and carcass traits and fatty acid composition of longissimus dorsi muscle and subcutaneous adipose tissues were determined at 122 days of feeding. Oil supplementation did not affect (P>0.05) average daily gains and feed intake in goats. Digestibilities of nutrients except ether extract (EE), and intake, excretion and balance of nitrogen were also similar (P>0.05) among dietary treatments. Digestibility of EE in goats receiving both plant oils was higher (P<0.01) than control. Feeding of oils did not affect (P>0.05) carcass traits, and percentages of protein, fat and ash in muscle. While supplementing oils did not change (P>0.05) the proportion of total saturated FA, they lowered several medium-chain FA in muscle and adipose tissues. However, the proportion of total polyunsaturated FA (PUFA; P<0.001) and CLA cis-9, trans-11 (P<0.001) in these tissues were highest in SUN, followed by SOY, and control. Oils had no effect (P>0.05) on concentrations of serum glucose, cholesterol and protein, but increased (P<0.05) serum triglyceride concentration compared with control. In conclusion, feeding of SOY and SUN at a concentration of 45 g/kg of total diets did not affect digestibility and performance, but increased the PUFA and CLA content in muscle and adipose tissues in Black Bengal goats with the greatest effect noted for SUN. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of feed supplementation on growth, blood parameters and reproductive performance in Sanga and Friesian-Sanga cows grazing natural pasture; This study determined the effects of feed supplementation during the postpartum period on the weight gain, milk yield, blood profiles and reproductive performance of Sanga and Friesian-Sanga cows grazing on natural pasture. 20 Sanga and 20 Friesian-Sanga cows were randomly allocated either to serve as a control on grazing only or to be supplemented with 2.5kg of concentrate a day for 10weeks during the dry season. Each week, all cows were weighed and scored for body condition. Partial milk yield of cows was determined daily. Plasma concentrations of blood metabolites were assessed fortnightly from weeks 1 to 10 postpartum. Resumption of postpartum ovarian activity was determined by measuring progesterone concentration in the plasma from weeks 1 to 10. Supplemented cows had a better body condition score (6.2 versus 5.8; P < 0.05) and higher partial milk yield (1.94 versus 1.55L/day; P < 0.01) than non-supplemented cows. Sanga cows had a better body condition score (6.2 versus 5.8; P<0.05) but lower milk yield (1.58 versus 1.92L/day; P < 0.01) than the Friesian-Sanga crossbreds. Total protein (P < 0.05) and albumin (P < 0.01) concentrations were higher in the supplemented than in the non-supplemented cows. Sanga cows recorded higher globulin (P < 0.05) and total cholesterol (P<0.01) but lower albumin (P < 0.01) concentrations than Friesian-Sanga crossbred cows. Feed supplementation did not affect (P < 0.05) the interval from calving to resumption of ovarian activity, and the days to resumption of ovarian activity in the Sanga and Friesian-Sanga cows were also similar (P > 0.05). The results demonstrate the beneficial effects of feed supplementation in terms of improved body condition and metabolic status and increased milk yield.
Associations between dairy foods, diabetes, and metabolic health: Potential mechanisms and future directions; Epidemiological evidence supports an inverse relationship between adequate intake of dairy foods and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2D). The biological mechanisms responsible for this association remain to be established. This review provides a current perspective on proposed mechanisms that may underlie these effects, and highlights how randomized clinical trials can be applied to investigate these relationships. Results from epidemiological studies generally support that consumption of milk and dairy products is associated with a lower incidence of T2D or improvements in glucose homeostasis indices, and studies of animal and cell models support a positive effect of dairy-rich diets or components on metabolic and inflammation factors relevant to T2D and insulin resistance. Emerging evidence indicates that dairy components that alter mitochondrial function (e.g., leucine actions on silent information regulator transcript 1 (SIRT1)-associated pathways), promote gut microbial population shifts, or influence inflammation and cardiovascular function (e.g., Ca-regulated peptides calcitonin gene-related peptide [CGRP] or calcitonin) should be considered as possible mechanistic factors linking dairy intake with lower risk for T2D. The possibility that dairy-derived trans-palmitoleic acid (tC16:1) has metabolic bioactivities has also been proposed. Pre-clinical and clinical studies focusing specifically on these parameters are needed to validate hypotheses regarding the potential roles of dairy products and their components on the determinants of glucose tolerance, particularly insulin sensitivity, pancreatic endocrine function, and inflammation in individuals at-risk for T2D development. Such experiments would complement epidemiological studies and add to the evidence base for recommendations regarding consumption of dairy products and their individual components. Published by Elsevier Inc.
THE INFLUENCE OF DAIRY-PRODUCTS ON PLASMA URIC-ACID IN WOMEN; Elevated levels of plasma uric acid have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular diseases and their complications. As dairy proteins have been found to decrease plasma uric acid without increasing glomerular filtration rate, a sample of postmenopausal women living in Montreal was studied to investigate the nature of this relationship. Participants (158 Roman Catholic nuns) were randomly assigned to one of two test diets for a period of four weeks: the dairy foods group (n = 81) consumed approximately 30 grams of dairy protein daily and the dairy-free diet group (n = 77) ate no dairy foods at all. Subjects completed two one-day food records, a core questionnaire and a dairy foods diet history; blood specimens were obtained, and blood pressure, height and weight were measured. Average nutrient intakes differed as a consequence of the test diets, with significantly greater intakes of protein, fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, potassium and calcium (p < 0.01) in the dairy group after the study period, and lower dietary levels of protein, cholesterol, calcium and retinol (p < 0.01) in the dairy-free group. Plasma uric acid was unchanged after the dietary intervention in the dairy group, but increased by 7.8 mu mol/l (p = 0.03) in subjects on the dairy-free diet; however, diastolic blood pressure decreased in response to calcium (beta = -22.9, SE = 10.0, p = 0.02) among those whose diet included dairy foods. The study results suggest that proteins of dairy origin may play a role in stabilising or lowering plasma uric acid, and that calcium or other components found in milk products may also reduce diastolic blood pressure. While these findings have implications for dietary prevention to decrease cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women, further investigations should examine these mechanisms in men over the age of 50 to ascertain whether a similar response would occur.
<i>Invited review</i>: Potential effects of short- and long-term intake of fermented dairy products on prevention and control of type 2 diabetes mellitus; The consumption of fermented dairy products has been linked with lowering the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but studies have yet to demon-strate a definite association. We evaluated evidence from a cross-sectional analysis of longitudinal studies and human and animal experimental trials to further understand the current knowledge linking short-and long-term consumption of fermented dairy products to T2DM. Most cohort studies revealed a protective effect of fermented dairy products on T2DM development, with yogurt noted as the most consistent food item protecting against the disease. Human experimental trials and animal studies revealed improvements in biomarkers of glycemic control with short-term moni-tored intake of fermented dairy products from various sources. Therefore, fermented dairy products may of-fer protection against the development and may have therapeutic benefits for individuals with T2DM. This could influence on dietary recommendations and the development of functional foods aiming to minimize the risk of T2DM.
Deleterious effects of omitting breakfast on insulin sensitivity and fasting lipid profiles in healthy lean women; Background: Breakfast consumption is recommended, despite inconclusive evidence of health benefits. Objective: The study's aim was to ascertain whether eating breakfast (EB) or omitting breakfast (013) affects energy intake, energy expenditure, and circulating insulin, glucose, and lipid concentrations in healthy women. Design: In a randomized crossover trial, 10 women [x +/- SD body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)) : 23.2 +/- 1.4] underwent two 14-d EB or OB interventions separated by a 2-wk interval. In the EB period, subjects consumed breakfast cereal with 2%-fat milk before 0800 and a chocolate-covered cookie between 1030 and 1100. In the OB period, subjects consumed the cookie between 1030 and 1100 and the cereal and milk between 1200 and 1330. Subjects then consumed 4 additional meals with content similar to usual at predetermined times later in the day and recorded food intake on 3 d during each period. Fasting and posttest meal glucose, lipid, and insulin concentrations and resting energy expenditure were measured before and after each period. Results: Reported energy intake was significantly lower in the EB period (P = 0.001), and resting energy expenditure did not differ significantly between the 2 periods. OB was associated with significantly higher fasting total and LDL cholesterol than was EB (3.14 and 3.43 mmol/L and 1.55 and 1.82 mmol/L, respectively; P = 0.001). The area under the curve of insulin response to the test meal was significantly lower after EB than after OB (P < 0.01). Conclusion: OB impairs fasting lipids. and postprandial insulin sensitivity and could lead to weight gain if the observed higher energy intake was sustained.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Alters Serum Metabolite Profiles in Subjects at Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes; Scope Metabolomics is increasingly used to identify biomarkers of diet or chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes. Yet, metabolite signatures following dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects have not been identified. The objective is to evaluate the effects of a high dairy diet (HD) for 6 weeks (4 servings or more per day), compared with an adequate dairy diet (AD) (2 servings or less per day), on serum metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic adults. Methods and results In this crossover trial, subjects are randomized to HD or AD for 6 weeks. Serum metabolites are assessed using GC/MS. Twenty-six subjects completed the study. Levels of pentadecanoic acid, tyrosine and lathosterol are increased in HD, while 1,5-anhydrosorbitol, myo-inositol, 3-aminoisobutyric acid and beta-sitosterol are decreased (p < 0.05). Sorbitol levels are increased after AD, while hexanoic acid, lauric acid, l-kynurenine, methionine, and benzoic acid levels are reduced (p < 0.05). Histidine, caprylic acid, nonanoic acid, decanoic acid, lauric acid, heptadecanoic acid, and benzoic acid levels are increased in HD compared to AD, while malic acid levels are increased in AD compared with HD (p < 0.05). Conclusion Higher dairy products intake modifies metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic subjects.
Effect of feeding level of pregnant dairy heifers sired by one bull on maternal metabolism, placental parameters and birth weight of their female calves; This study aimed to evaluate the effect of different phases of feed restriction on the metabolism and placental indices of growing heifers inseminated with sexed semen of one bull and on the birth weights of their calves. Red-Holstein heifers were randomly divided into three groups. C-group animals (N=17) daily received recommended energy and crude protein (standard diet). ER-Group animals (N=14) were fed 60% of recommended energy and crude protein for the first two pregnancy months followed by the standard diet. LR-group animals (N=13) were provided with the standard diet throughout the first seven months and with 60% energy and crude protein for the last two months of pregnancy. Blood metabolites and weights of dams were assessed regularly during pregnancy. Placenta weight, area of placentomes and calves' birth weights were examined directly after birth. The physiological levels of blood metabolites varied in C-group animals during the different pregnancy stages. Both restriction periods resulted in reduced weight gain of the dams. ER-group animals showed a marked compensatory growth during mid-pregnancy. Serum glucose, cholesterol and beta-hydroxybutyrate were lower in ER-group animals compared with C-group animals during early restriction. During late restriction, only non-esterified fatty acids increased in LR-group animals. Placental parameter and calves' birth weights did not differ between groups. Results indicate only minor effects of a 40% energy and protein restriction during early or late pregnancy in growing heifers on maternal metabolic and placental indices as well as on foetal development, but further studies might show long-term consequences of offspring. (c) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Yerba Mate (<i>Ilex paraguarensis</i>) as a novel feed supplement for growing lambs; Yerba Mate (Ilex paraguarensis), a plant known for its high antioxidant content, was fed to 20 of 40 lambs for 8 weeks. Lambs were randomly divided into two groups: one group (n = 20) was fed the control diet and one group (n = 20) was fed the control diet with 2.5% Yerba Mate. Lambs were group housed by treatment and fed ad libitum through automatic feeders that recorded individual food intake. Lambs received the dietary treatments for a total of 8 weeks and were monitored for live weight (LW), average daily growth rate (ADG), food conversion rate (FCR) and feed intake. Blood samples (8 mL) were taken from all lambs, on weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8 and plasma analysed for total antioxidant capacity (TAC), advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP), non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), triglycerides and cholesterol. Wool growth and cell-mediated immune status (PHA) were also measured. Overall, Yerba Mate (YM) lambs ate more (mean +/- sem: 989 +/- 68 g/d; P<0.001) pellet than the control (CTRL) lambs (759 +/- 63 g/d), however. LW(YM: 33.5 +/- 1.1 kg and CTRL: 33.5 +/- 1.2 kg) and ADG (YM: 207 +/- 9.6 g/day and CTRL: 191 +/- 8.4 g/day) were not significantly different between the two groups. FCR (g VFI/g ADG) was higher (P<0.05) in the Yerba Mate supplemented lambs compared to the control ones (4.78 +/- 0.45 and 3.97 +/- 0.32, respectively). Wool growth rate was higher (P<0.01) in the YM lambs (0.09 +/- 0.005 g/cm(2) and 0.07 +/- 0.005 g/cm(2), respectively). There was a significant effect of the interaction diet x sampling time on plasma AOPP concentrations (P<0.05), with Yerba Mate lambs presenting higher AOPP levels than the control lambs on weeks 4 and 5. Overall, plasma NEFA and triglycerides concentrations were similar in the Yerba Mate and in the supplemented group (NEFA: 0.15 +/- 0.02 mmol/l and 0.17 +/- 0.02 mmol/l, and triglycerides: 0.27 +/- 0.02 mmol/l and 0.29 +/- 0.02 mmol/l, respectively), however, a significant effect of the interaction time of sampling x diet on both metabolites (P < 0.05) was noted, with Yerba Mate supplemented lambs presenting lower NEFA and triglycerides levels than the control lambs on weeks 3, 4. 5 and 6 and on weeks 3, 4 and 5. No significant effect of diet was noted for PHA test, cholesterol and TAC levels, fat depth, eye muscle depth and muscle score. Our study indicates that although Yerba Mate supplementation can increase feed intake and wool growth in lambs, it did not result in significant differences in LW, ADG or body composition and had a significant negative effect on FCR. Further work is required to investigate the effect of Yerba Mate supplementation on lambs production and health. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Genetically predicted milk consumption and bone health, ischemic heart disease and type 2 diabetes: a Mendelian randomization study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Milk provides protein and micronutrients, and is recommended by some dietary guidelines, particularly for bone health. Meta-analysis of small randomized controlled trials suggests that milk may increase bone mineral density, but they are very heterogeneous. No randomized controlled trial has assessed the effects of milk on major chronic diseases. Previous Mendelian randomization studies of milk did not consider bone health, found no effects on ischemic heart disease (IHD) or type 2 diabetes (T2D) but higher body mass index. Using larger genetic studies, we estimated the effects of milk on osteoporosis, IHD, T2D, adiposity, lipids and glycemic traits. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Instrumental variable analysis based on a genetic variant endowing lactase persistence (rs4988235 (MCM6)) was used to obtain estimates for osteoporosis (GEFOS), IHD (CARDIoGRAMplusC4D), T2D (DIAGRAM), adiposity (GIANT), lipids (GLGC) and glycaemic traits (MAGIC). Eye color was a negative control for IHD, as it mirrors the distribution of lactase persistence and IHD in Western Europe. RESULTS: Genetically predicted adult milk consumption was not clearly associated with bone mineral density, IHD (odds ratio (OR): 1.03 per s.d., 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.95-1.12) and or T2D (OR: 0.92, 95% CI: 0.83-1.02) but was associated with higher log-transformed fasting insulin (0.05, 95% CI: 0.02-0.07) and body mass index (0.06, 95% CI: 0.03-0.09). Genetically predicted eye color was not associated with IHD. CONCLUSIONS: The lack of association of genetically predicted milk consumption with bone health, IHD or T2D suggests few beneficial effects but is more consistent with milk promoting adiposity.
Effects of vitamin D3 injection in close-up period on insulin resistance and energy balance in transition dairy cows; Background: Many studies in dairy cows are towards calcium homeostasis and there is a lack of knowledge about the effect of vitamin D in preventing insulin resistance and improving energy balance in the transition period of dairy cows. Methods: The trial was conducted in a commercial dairy farm with about 1500 lactating cows in Tehran province, Iran. Twenty-four Holstein cows had been randomly selected and divided into control and treatment groups. In the treatment group, 12 cows, received a single dose of 8,000,000 IU vitamin D3 intramuscularly and in the control group, 12 cows were injected placebo (distilled water) 2-8 days before the expected calving time. Blood samples were collected between 8 and 10 AM 2 h after feeding on 21 and 7 days before calving and 1,3,7,15 and 30 days after calving. 25(OH)vitamin D, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), insulin, nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA), albumin, total protein, glucose, urea, triglyceride, cholesterol and aspartate amino transferase (AST) were measured by commercially available kits. The insulin resistance index was calculated. Results: Vitamin D3 injection significantly affected the amounts of 25(OH) vitamin D, urea, insulin and insulin resistance index (p <= 0.05). On the other hand, the amounts of glucose, NEFA, BHBA concentration and AST activity were higher in control group (p <= 0.05). Time had a significant effect on the amounts of most measured variables except IGF-1 and insulin. There were no group and time interactions for measured variables. Conclusion: It seems that injection of vitamin D3 in dose up period influenced lipolysis potentially modifying energy metabolism and resulted in reducing insulin resistance.
Dairy calcium intake modifies responsiveness of fat metabolism and blood lipids to a high-fat diet; Intervention studies have demonstrated that saturated fat increases total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations, and it is therefore recommended that the intake of high-fat dairy products be limited. However, observational studies have found an inverse relationship between the intake of dairy products and incidence of CVD. We aimed to study whether the Ca content of dairy products influences the effect of dairy fat on the lipid profile. The study had a randomised cross-over design. Subjects (n 9) were randomised to one of the sequence of four isoenergetic 10 d diets: low Ca and low fat (LC/LF: approximately 700mg Ca/d, 25% of energy (fat); high Ca and LF (HC/LF: approximately 2800 mg Ca/d, 25% of energy fat); LC and high fat (LC/HF: approximately 700 mg Ca/d, 49E% fat); or HC and HF (approximately 2800mg Ca/d, 49 E% fat). Blood variables were measured before and after each diet period, and faeces and urine were collected at the end of each diet period. A two-way ANOVA was used to examine the effect of Ca and fat intake. Independent of Ca intake, the HF diet increased the concentrations of total (9 %; P<0.0001), LDL (14 %; P<0.0001)- and HDL (13 %; P<0.0002)-cholesterol compared with the LF diet. However, independent of fat intake, the HC diet decreased the concentrations of total (4 %; P=0 .0051) and LDL-cholesterol (10 %; P<0.0001) but not HDL-cholesterol compared with the LC diet. In addition, total: HDL-cholesterol was decreased (5 %; P=0.0299), and HDL:LDL was increased (12 %; P=0.0097) by the HC diet compared with the LC diet. Faecal fat excretion was increased by both the HC (P<0.0001) and HF (P=0.0052) diets. In conclusion, we observed that dairy Ca seems to partly counteract the raising effect of dairy fat on total and LDL-cholesterol, without reducing HDL-cholesterol.
An acute intake of a walnut-enriched meal improves postprandial adiponectin response in healthy young adults; A deficit in adiponectin plays an important causal role in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that as seen during the fasting state, the intake of a walnut-enriched meal increased postprandial adiponectin. Twenty-one healthy white men followed a 4-week baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat-loaded meals that included 1 g fat/kg body weight (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design: olive oil-enriched meal (22% saturated fatty acids [SFA], 38% monounsaturated fatty acids [MUFA], 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFA]), butter-enriched meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA), and walnut-enriched meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUPA, and 4% alpha-linolenic acid). Leptin, resistin, adiponectin, and free fatty acids were determined at 0, 3, 6, and 8.5 hours after the fat load. After the walnut-enriched meal, plasma adiponectin concentrations were higher at 3 and 6 hours (P = .011, P = .046, respectively) compared with the butter-enriched meal and higher at 6 hours compared with the olive oil-enriched meal (P = .036). Free fatty acid levels decreased from baseline at 3 hours after the walnut-enriched meal (P = .001). No differences were observed between the 3 meals for leptin and resistin responses. Our data confirmed a beneficial profile in the postprandial response to walnuts, source of omega-3 PUFA with an increased postprandial adiponectin and lower postprandial free fatty acid responses. These findings suggest that the postprandial state is important for understanding the possible cardioprotective effects associated with omega-3 PUFA dietary fat. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A randomized controlled- feeding trial based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans on cardiometabolic health indexes; Background: The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommend nutrient needs be met by increasing fruit, vegetable, and whole-grain intake with the use of low-fat or fat-free dairy products and by reducing sodium, solid fats, and added sugars. However, the DGA, as a dietary pattern, have not been tested in an intervention trial. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of a DGA-based diet compared with a representative typical American diet (TAD) on glucose homeostasis and fasting lipids in individuals at risk of cardiometabolic disease. Design: A randomized, double-blind, controlled 8-wk intervention was conducted in overweight and obese women selected according to indexes of insulin resistance or dyslipidemia. Women were randomly assigned to the DGA or TAD group (n = 28 DGA and 24 TAD). The TAD diet was based on average adult intake from the NHANES 2009-2010. The DGA and TAD diets had respective Healthy Eating Index scores of 98 and 62. All foods and beverages were provided during the intervention. Oral-glucose tolerance and fasting lipids were evaluated at 0, 2, and 8 wk of the intervention. Insulin resistance and sensitivity were estimated with the use of surrogates (e.g., homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance). Results: By design, volunteers maintained their weight during the intervention. Fasting insulin, glucose, triglycerides, oral-glucose tolerance, and indexes of insulin resistance were not affected by either of the diets. Systolic blood pressure decreased in the DGA group (similar to-9 mm Hg; P < 0.05). Total and HDL cholesterol also decreased in both groups (P < 0.05). Exploratory analysis comparing volunteers entering the study with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia with those with only dyslipidemia did not show an effect of pre-existing conditions on glucose tolerance or fasting lipid outcomes. Conclusions: The consumption of a DGA dietary pattern for 8 wk without weight loss reduced systolic blood pressure. There were no differences between the DGA and TAD diets in fasting insulin, glucose, indexes of insulin resistance, or fasting lipids.
Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials of Red Meat Consumption in Comparison With Various Comparison Diets on Cardiovascular Risk Factors; BACKGROUND: Findings among randomized controlled trials evaluating the effect of red meat on cardiovascular disease risk factors are inconsistent. We provide an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on red meat and cardiovascular risk factors and determine whether the relationship depends on the composition of the comparison diet, hypothesizing that plant sources would be relatively beneficial. METHODS: We conducted a systematic PubMed search of randomized controlled trials published up until July 2017 comparing diets with red meat with diets that replaced red meat with a variety of foods. We stratified comparison diets into high-quality plant protein sources (legumes, soy, nuts); chicken/poultry/fish; fish only; poultry only; mixed animal protein sources (including dairy); carbohydrates (low-quality refined grains and simple sugars, such as white bread, pasta, rice, cookies/biscuits); or usual diet. We performed random-effects meta-analyses comparing differences in changes of blood lipids, apolipoproteins, and blood pressure for all studies combined and stratified by specific comparison diets. RESULTS: Thirty-six studies totaling 1803 participants were included. There were no significant differences between red meat and all comparison diets combined for changes in blood concentrations of total, low-density lipoprotein, or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoproteins A1 and B, or blood pressure. Relative to the comparison diets combined, red meat resulted in lesser decreases in triglycerides (weighted mean difference [WMD], 0.065 mmol/L; 95% CI, 0.000-0.129; P for heterogeneity <0.01). When analyzed by specific comparison diets, relative to high-quality plant protein sources, red meat yielded lesser decreases in total cholesterol (WMD, 0.264 mmol/L; 95% CI, 0.144-0.383; P<0.001) and low-density lipoprotein (WMD, 0.198 mmol/L; 95% CI, 0.065-0.330; P=0.003). In comparison with fish, red meat yielded greater decreases in low-density lipoprotein (WMD, -0.173 mmol/L; 95% CI, -0.260 to -0.086; P<0.001) and high-density lipoprotein (WMD, -0.065 mmol/L; 95% CI, -0.109 to -0.020; P=0.004). In comparison with carbohydrates, red meat yielded greater decreases in triglycerides (WMD, -0.181 mmol/L; 95% CI, -0.349 to -0.013). CONCLUSIONS: Inconsistencies regarding the effects of red meat on cardiovascular disease risk factors are attributable, in part, to the composition of the comparison diet. Substituting red meat with high-quality plant protein sources, but not with fish or low-quality carbohydrates, leads to more favorable changes in blood lipids and lipoproteins.
&ITShort communication&IT: Circulating fatty acylcarnitines are elevated in overweight periparturient dairy cows in association with sphingolipid biomarkers of insulin resistance; Defects in mitochondrial fatty acid processing are associated with the development of fatty liver disease, inflammation, and insulin resistance in overweight nonruminants. Surplus fatty acids (FA) and defects in FA oxidation favor the accumulation of fatty acylcarnitines (FAC) and the sphingolipid ceramide. Moreover, elevated circulating FAC and ceramide concentrations are inversely related to insulin action. Because we have previously demonstrated that plasma ceramide levels increase during the transition from gestation to lactation, our aim was to determine whether changes in plasma medium- and long-chain FAC levels are related to circulating FA and sphingolipids in peripartal dairy cows. We hypothesized that plasma FAC levels would be higher in overweight cows experiencing increased lipolysis, and that FAC levels would be positively associated with elevations in plasma ceramides. Twenty-one multiparous Holstein cows were grouped according to body condition score (BCS) at d -30 prepartum as lean (BCS <3.0; n = 10) or overweight (BCS >4.0; n = 11). Blood was collected at d -30, -15, -7, and 4, relative to parturition. Circulating FAC and ceramide levels were determined using liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry. To investigate the potential contributions of sphingomyelin (SM) hydrolysis to ceramide accrual, we also determined plasma SM levels during the peripartum period. Data were analyzed under a mixed model with the fixed effects of adiposity and time, and the random effect of cow. Relative to lean cows, overweight cows had elevated FAC during the transition from gestation to lactation. Circulating FAC levels were positively associated with FA, ceramide, and dihydro-SM levels. Although circulating FAC levels increased in all cows during the peripartum, enhanced prepartum adiposity contributed to a greater rise in plasma FA and FAC. Our results support on-going efforts to determine whether altered mitochondrial FA processing promotes the accumulation of the insulin resistance biomarker ceramide in blood and liver.
Humic substances in the diet of lactating cows enhanced feed utilization, altered ruminal fermentation, and improved milk yield and fatty acid profile; Fifteen multiparous early lactating Friesian cows weighing 466 +/- 16.6 kg were randomly assigned, in a quintuplicated 3 x 3 Latin square design experiment, to study the effect of humic acid supplementation on feed utilization and milk production for 90 days. The basal diet composed of concentrates, berseem clover, and rice straw at 5:3:2, respectively, on dry matter (DM) basis. There were three treatments including the basal diet without additive (control diet), the basal diet supplemented with 20 g humic acid/cow/d (LH treatment), and the basal diet supplemented with 40 g humic acid/cow/d (HH treatment). Humic acid supplementation linearly increased (P < 0.05) milk production, total solids, solids not fat, fat, and energy contents. Additionally, humic supplementation linearly increased (P < 0.05) milk efficiency. Both LH and HH treatments showed greater proportions of unsaturated fatty acids and total conjugated linoleic acid, however, HH treatment decreased C16:0 and increased C18:3(n3) and C18:3(n6) proportions. Without affecting feed intake, treatments improved (P < 0.05) the digestibilities of DM, organic matter, non-structural carbohydrates, and neutral detergent fiber. Humic supplementation increased ruminal acetic acid concentration, and decreased ruminal protozoal population, pH, ammonia-N and butyric acid contents. The HH increased total ruminal volatile fatty acids (P = 0.029). Additionally, humic supplementation decreased the concentrations of serum urea-N, cholesterol, and triglycerides, while it increased the concentration of serum glucose compared to the control. It is concluded that humic acid supplementation enhanced feed utilization, lactational performance, and milk nutritive value, without negatively affecting the blood chemistry of lactating cows. However, the high dose of humic acid is recommended for practical administration in lactating cow diet.
Effects of sodium bicarbonate and chromium propionate supplementation on growth performance, blood indices of Beetal bucks under heat stress; The objective of the current experiment was to determine the effects of sodium bicarbonate (SBC) and chromium propionate (Cr) supplementation on dry matter intake (DMI), growth performance, blood indices, feed sorting behavior, and digestibility of nutrients during the hot and humid condition in Beetal bucks. Twenty-eight Beetal bucks were randomly assigned to four concentrates treatments (n = 7 bucks/treatment) under 2 x 2 factorial arrangements. The factors were (1) chromium supplementation, basal diet without any supplementation (C) and basal diet with Cr @ 1.5 mg Cr/head/day (Cr), and (2) sodium bircbonate supplementation, basal diet supplemented with SBC @15 g/kg of DM (SBC) and diet containing SBC @ 15 g/kg of DM) and Cr @ 1.5 mg/day/animal (SBC + Cr). Chromium was drenched to each animal during the morning feeding. The average daily noon temperature-humidity index (THI) was 86.37 +/- 4.01. The daily DMI and ADG was higher (P < .0001) in the SBC, and trend for daily DMI was observed (P < 0.01) for the Cr. The feed to gain ratio was tended to improve (P = 0.056) by the supplementation of Cr. Plasma glucose, cholesterol, and catalase concentration were lower (P < 0.05) in the Cr supplemented, whereas plasma BUN and TPP were not influenced (P > 0.05) by the Cr or the SBC supplementation. The feed selection index indicated that supplementation of Cr and SBC had no effects on selection or rejection of feed particles. In Cr-supplemented bucks, there was a trend for higher ADF digestibility. Digestibility of dry matter, organic matter, NDF, and ADF were not affected by Cr or SBC supplementation. In conclusion, co supplementation of Cr @ 1.5 mg/d and SBC @ 15 g/kg resulted in highest DMI, ADG and improved the feed efficiency in heat-stressed fattening bucks by alleviating negative impacts of HS.
Glucose-Lowering Medications and Angina Burden in Patients with Stable Coronary Disease: Results from the Type 2 Diabetes Evaluation of Ranolazine in Subjects With Chronic Stable Angina (TERISA) Trial; Background Different classes of glucose-lowering medications have been associated with varying risks of myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death, but their effect on angina is unknown. Therefore, we sought to determine the association of different glucose-lowering medication classes with angina frequency and nitroglycerin (NTG) use. Methods We performed a secondary, observational analysis of the TERISA multinational trial, which evaluated the antianginal effect of ranolazine versus placebo in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, documented coronary disease, and a 3-month history of stable angina. Patients recorded angina and NTG use in a daily dairy for 3 weeks prior to randomization, to establish their baseline angina burden for the trial. We then examined the association of different glucose-lowering medication classes with baseline angina and NTG use using multivariable linear regression. Results Among 952 patients enrolled, 494 were taking metformin, 504 taking a sulfonylurea, 186 taking insulin, 29 taking DPP-4 inhibitors, 22 taking other glucose-lowering medications, and 68 were diet-controlled only. After adjustment for demographic and clinical factors, patients taking versus not taking sulfonylureas had 1.02 more episodes of angina and used 0.93 more doses of NTG per week (P = .002 and .011, respectively). The weekly angina burden or NTG use was not different for those taking versus not taking metformin (P > .7 for both). Patients taking versus not taking insulin had 0.83 more episodes of angina and used 1.40 more NTG doses per week, increases evident only in those taking insulin without concomitant metformin (P-interaction < .05 for both). Conclusion Different classes of glucose-lowering medications were associated with varying angina burden in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and stable coronary disease. Patients taking sulfonylureas or insulin had more angina and used more NTG, while metformin was not associated with angina burden. Given the increasing prevalence of glucose abnormalities in patients with coronary disease, a better understanding of the relationship between glucose-lowering medications and angina is needed.
Bile composition, plasma lipids and oxidative hepatic damage induced by calcium supplementation; effects of goat or cow milk consumption; Calcium-fortified foods, especially milk and dairy products are recommended to be consumed daily for groups in risk of nutritional deficiency, including children, young adults, menopausal women, pregnant women and the elderly, however Ca-supplementation promotes gallstone formation because Ca is a nucleating factor. The objective of the current study was to assess the influence of cow or goat milk-based diets, either normal or Ca-supplemented, on bile composition, biochemical parameters and hepatic antioxidant status. Weanling male rats were randomly divided into six groups, fed standard, goat or cow milk-based diets, either with normal Ca content (5.0 g/kg), or Ca-supplemented (10.0 g/kg), for 2 weeks. Bile cholesterol concentration and output was higher in rats fed goat milk in comparison with those fed with standard and cow-milk-based diet. Ca-supplementation increased lithogenic index with the standard and cow-milk based diets, this change was not observed with the goat milk diet. Activities of plasma transaminases were also lower in the animals fed Ca-supplemented goat milk, in comparison with the other diets assayed. In general, Ca-supplement in the diet led to an increase in the hepatic oxidative damage, with an increase in the activities of all the antioxidant enzymes studied in the standard and cow milk diet, but not with goat milk. The habitual consumption of goat milk has positive effects on the plasma lipid profile, biliary composition and hepatic antioxidant defence. In addition, under our experimental conditions, Ca-supplementation of this type of milk does not increase the lithogenic index, or hepatic oxidative damage.
Diet supplemented with olive cake as a model of circular economy: Metabolic and endocrine responses of beef cattle; IntroductionIntegrating by-products into livestock diet represents a great opportunity for implementing the concept of circular economy while reducing feed costs. Olive cake (OC) is considered an agro-industrial waste, but the high content of valuable metabolites makes it a promising feed integration. Therefore, this study investigated the effect of OC integration in beef cattle diet on different blood parameters. MethodsForty-eight young growing fattening Limousines--24 bulls (body weight 350 +/- 15 kg) and 24 heifers (280 +/- 10 kg)-, aged 240 +/- 20 days, were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 dietary treatments: concentrate at 0% (Control group: CTR), 10% (Low-olive cake group: L-OC), or 15% (High-olive cake group: H-OC) of OC inclusion. Blood samples and body weights were collected before administrating the supplemented diet (0 d), at the end of the stocker growing phase (56 d), and at the end of the fattening (147 d). After being slaughtered, animal carcasses were weighted. A linear regression model was fitted for each blood parameter with the 0 d as covariate and diet, time, sex, diet x time, and diet x sex as fixed effects. ResultsIn males, body weight was highest in CTR, but carcass weight was similar in all the groups. All the blood parameters were within physiological ranges, independently from the animal diet. CTR group showed the highest alanine aminotransferase (ALT, P = 0.0027) and creatine kinase (P = 0.0119), whereas total bilirubin (P = 0.0023) was higher in H-OC than in CTR. Moreover, ALT was highest in CTR at 56 d, becoming similar in all the groups at 147 d (P = 0.0280). Instead, the increase observed in total cholesterol from 56 to 147 d was lower in H-OC compared with CTR and L-OC (P = 0.0451). A significant effect of diet x sex interaction was observed on triglycerides, urea, liver enzymes, and insulin. These data support the OC inclusion of up to 15% of the concentrate with no detrimental effect on beef cattle metabolic status. DiscussionIn conclusion, OC can be considered as a component in beef diet giving an opportunity to improve agriculture sustainability.
Dairy Product Intake Modifies MicroRNA Expression among Individuals with Hyperinsulinemia: A Post-Intervention Cross-Sectional Study; Introduction: MicroRNA (miRNA) profiles have been shown to change after intake of dairy products. Dysregulation of miRNA is associated with the changes in the level of glycemic parameters. The objectives are: (1) to investigate miRNA expression after consumption of dairy products and (2) to study the association between miRNAs and glycemic profile among individuals with hyperinsulinemia. Methods: In crossover design, 24 participants were randomized into 2 phases: high dairy (HD) (>= 4 servings/day according to the Canadian food guide [2007]) and adequate dairy (AD) (<= 2 servings/day) over 6 weeks. First, miRNAs were extracted from a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects after HD and AD intervention which analyzed in duplicate by array hybridization (Affymetrix Gene Chip miRNA Array v. 4.0). Second, 6 miRNAs related to type 2 diabetes (T2D) were validated by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) from plasma of 24 participants. Results: Microarray analysis indicated that 297 miRNAs expressed differentially (FC >= +/- 1.2; p value <0.05) in a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects. Among pooled miRNAs, the level of selected miRNAs, including miR-652-3p, miR-106b-5p, miR-93-5p, and miR-107 were downregulated; conversely, miR-223-3p and miR-122-5p were upregulated. After qRT-PCR validation, only the expression level of miR-106-5p tended to be increased after HD compared to AD (p = 0.06). After AD intervention, the level of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and insulin and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance were negatively correlated with miR-122-5p. Similarly, negative correlation was found between miR-106-5p and FPG. Conclusion: The miRNAs profile was modified after HD compared to AD, and this may have role in modifying the risk of T2D (registration No. NCT02961179).
Nutritional and eating education improves knowledge and practice of patients with type 2 diabetes concerning dietary intake and blood glucose control in an outlying city of China; Objective: To describe the knowledge, attitudes and practices of type 2 diabetics in Yakeshi City and to assess the effect of implementation of nutritional and eating education in enhancing knowledge and practices regarding a healthy diet. Design: A questionnaire-based survey was conducted with 162 diabetics to determine their nutrition knowledge, attitudes and practices; fifty-four participants received nutritional and eating education for 6 months. Diabetes-related nutrition knowledge, awareness, practice accuracy, dietary intake and glycaemic control were assessed before and after education. Setting: Yakeshi, a remote city in northern China. Subjects: A total of 162 type 2 diabetics recruited from three hospitals, fifty-four of whom were selected randomly to receive education. Results: Among the 162 respondents, most diabetics (75%) considered that controlling diet was important in the methods of controlling blood glucose. Scores for knowledge, practices and overall KAP (knowledge-attitude-practice) were low, but scores for attitude were high. Participants with diabetes education experiences, practice duration over 1 year or high education level all had higher scores for KAP (P < 0.001, P < 0.05 and P < 0.001, respectively) than their counterparts. After education, patients' nutrition knowledge, awareness and practice accuracy improved significantly (P < 0.05). The rates of patients with recommended daily intake of vegetables, grains and dairy were boosted (P < 0.05). Various nutrient intakes increased (P < 0.05) but not protein, Fe, Zn and Se. Significant improvements were also found in glycaemic control (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Diabetics in Yakeshi had positive attitudes, but relatively poor nutrition knowledge and practices. Nutritional and eating education was effective in improving diabetics' nutrition knowledge and practices, and this optimal practice helped them control blood glucose effectively.
Postprandial glycemia and insulin secretion following glutamine administration: A randomized controlled trial; Objective: The objective of the present study is to investigate the effects of glutamine administration on postprandial glycemia, insulin, and C-peptide concentration in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted on patients with type 2 diabetes so that 33 subjects were recruited in each group. The patients were randomly allocated to receive either 30 g/d glutamine or placebo (with instructions to take in half glass of ice-cold water 5 to 10 min before each main meal) for 6 weeks. Postprandial C-peptide, insulin, and glucose were measured at the baseline and at the end of the study at 30 and 90 min after consuming a meal comprising wheat-cake and reduced fat milk. Results: The repeated measures ANOVA revealed no significant difference between the groups for glucose and insulin after 6 weeks of intervention (p > 0.05). However, C-peptide was reduced in both intervention groups at all measurement points. Between-group differences remained significant by the end of the study (p = 0.02). Conclusions: Glutamine supplementation before each main meal does not represent an effective nutritional strategy to improve postprandial glycemic control or postprandial insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes patients.
Oxidative stress, type 2 diabetes and vitamin D: past, present and future; Oxidative stress refers to an imbalance between potentially harmful free radicals and the body's mechanisms to efficiently detoxify them in favor of the free radicals. Consequently, excess free radicals can attack and damage a wide range of biomolecules including proteins, lipids and nucleic acids. Antioxidant mechanisms of the body are under the influence of genetic and environmental (including dietary) factors. Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders around the world. A huge body of evidence indicates a role for oxidative stress in development of many human diseases including diabetes. In this article, the latest information on the possible links of oxidative stress with diabetes development, control and complications as well as the newest results of antioxidant supplementation trials is reviewed. In addition, the possible role of vitamin D, as a newly recognized antioxidant in diabetes is discussed. Finally, concluding remarks on pivotal issues and future studies are presented. Copyright (c) 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Two untargeted metabolomics reveals yogurt-associated metabolic alterations in women with multiple metabolic disorders from a randomized controlled study; The beneficial role of yogurt on metabolic profile has been widely reported. Yet, few studies have intended to describe the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt. Yogurt and milk (220 g/d) were given to 48 and 44 obese women with metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease for 24 weeks in a randomized controlled trial (registered at http://www.chictr.org.cn as ChiCTR-IPR-15006801). Fasting serum samples were collected before and after intervention for global, untargeted metabolomics based on H-1 nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-Q-TOF-MS) (in positive and negative ion modes). Multivariable statistical analysis and pathway analysis were conducted. In both H-1 NMR and UPLC-Q-TOF-MS metabolomics, no clustering was observed between the two groups at baseline. While, a clear clustering was shown after intervention, and the yogurt group had significantly different metabolic status from the milk. The metabolites that contributed mostly to class separation were identified, and involved into pathway analysis. Pathways on amino acids metabolism, fatty acid oxidation, cholesterol catabolism and choline metabolism significantly changed after yogurt intervention. The study revealed the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt via two metabolomics approaches, suggesting the potential mechanisms of yogurt against metabolic disorders. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, ChiCTR-IPR-15006801. Registered 20 July 2015, http://www.chictr.org.en/ChiCTR-IPR-15006801. Significance: Both review from prospective studies and our randomized clinical trial showed the protective role of yogurt against multiple metabolic disorders. However, they were focus on targeted glucose, lipid, and other metabolic indicators, which were only part of human metabolism, failing to show an integrated metabolic feature on yogurt. Therefore, two global, untargeted metabolomics were applied in our current randomized clinical trial, trying to uncover the significant metabolic alterations characterizing the effects of yogurt on obese women with multiple metabolic disorders, and to explore the potential biological mechanisms of yogurt. The finding will shed light on a more comprehensive picture of how yogurt affects host metabolism, and provide theoretical foundation for dietary prevention of chronic diseases.
Dietary habits of type 2 Diabetes patients: frequency and diversity of nutrition intake - Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; One of the important cornerstones of diabetes care is dietary management which should be based on healthy eating in context of food choices, cultural and social aspects. There is scarcity of literature adressing the dietary habits of type 2 diabetics in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA). In Gulf countries, especially KSA there are ineffective dietary habits programs that can prevent and control complications from diet-related non-communicable diseases like diabetes The present study was conducted to examine the dietary habits and food frequencies of type 2 diabetes patients attending the primary healthcare centers in Almajmaah City, KSA. It was an analytical cross-sectional study by design which was conducted from February - April 2017. A self-prepared Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) in English language was used to collect the data from 350 patients. The FFQ comprised of local food items that were distributed in 9 food groups. The selection of patients was done by means of systematic random sampling technique. The median age of the patients was 45 years. When compared with the food guide pyramid, the consumption of lipids and fats, sweets and bakery, drinks and, soups and sauces were more than the recommended intake (p<0.001) respectively. Whereas, consumption of proteins, carbohydrates, dairy products, fruits, and vegetables was less than the recommended intake (p<0.001) respectively. The dietary habits of type 2 diabetics have been reported to be poor. Individualizing the nutrition interventions and encouraging to change the behavior can help the patients in accomplishing the health goals. The treating doctors should also identify the barriers that are hindering the patients from not following the recommended dietary guidelines. To achieve best results from self-care management, patients, doctors, and dietitians should work together.
Effects of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objectives: Previous studies have evaluated the effects of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles among diabetic patients. However, the results were inconsistent. Study design: Systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: A systematic searching from PubMed, ISI Web of Science, Embase, and Cochrane Central was conducted to identify high-quality clinical trials investigating the effect of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles [including fasting blood glucose (FBG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)] up to December 2020. Subgroup analyses by types or durations of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation were con-ducted to investigate the different effects among different populations. Results: A total of 39 trials with 3517 participants were included in the final analyses. Among patients with type II diabetes (T2DM), the summarized standardized mean differences (SMDs) and 95% confi-dential intervals (95% CIs) of FBG, HbA1c, and HOMA-IR were-0.30 (95% CI:-0.65 to 0.05),-0.59 (95% CI:-0.88 to-0.30), and-0.68 (95% CI:-1.13 to-0.23), respectively. Among patients with gestational diabetes (GDM), the summary SMDs of FBG, HbA1c and HOMA-IR were-0.67 (95% CI:-1.23 to-0.11),-0.24 (95% CI:-0.57 to 0.08), and-1.06 (95% CI:-1.72 to-0.40), respectively. Similar im-provements in blood glucose profiles were also found among persons with prediabetes or gestational woman with normal glucose, but not among patients with type I diabetes. Subgroup analyses showed similar results of probiotic supplementation for patients with T2DM and probiotic/synbiotic supple-mentation for patients with GDM. Conclusion: Probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation might improve the blood glucose profiles among patients with T2DM/GDM, persons with prediabetes, or gestational woman with normal glucose. Trials with more sophisticated design are needed to validate the results in the future. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42020161975. (c) 2022 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of The Royal Society for Public Health.
Mustard and cumin seeds improve feed utilisation, milk production and milk fatty acids of Damascus goats; The experiments reported in this Research Paper aimed to study the effects of mustard and cumin seeds inclusion on feed utilisation, milk production, composition, and profile of milk fatty acids in lactating Damascus goats. The study was a completely randomised design with repeated measurements in time using fifteen goats (6 +/- 2 d of lactation) divided into 3 treatments (5 goats per treatment). Goats were offered a control diet of berseem clover and concentrates (1:1 dry matter (DM) basis) or the control diet supplemented with either 10 g/d of dried mustard seeds (mustard treatment) or 10 g/d of cumin seeds (cumin treatment) for 12 weeks. Treatments had no effect (P>0.05) on feed intake, but enhanced (P<0.05) digestibility of DM, organic matter, non-structural carbohydrates, and fibre fractions. Digestibility was greater (P<0.001) with cumin treatment compared with mustard treatment. Mustard and cumin seeds had greater (P<0.05) ruminal total short chain fatty acids (SCFA) production, and molar proportion of propionate, with greater (P<0.001) SCFA production for cumin vs. mustard treatment. Mustard and cumin seeds increased (P<0.05) concentrations of serum total proteins, globulin, and glucose and lowered (P<0.05) serum cholesterol concentration. Mustard and cumin seeds inclusion elevated milk production (P = 0.007), while cumin increased milk contents (P<0.05) of fat and lactose. Cumin treatment lowered (P<0.05) milk saturated fatty acids (SFA) and had greater total unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) and total conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) contents. Overall, supplementing diets of Damascus goats with mustard or cumin seeds at 10 g/daily enhanced feed digestion, ruminal fermentation, milk yield (actual production by 6.8 and 11.1 %, and energy corrected milk yield by 10.1 and 15.4%, respectively) and positively modified milk fatty acid profile with a 3.9% decrease in milk individual and total SFA, and an increase in individual and total UFA by about 9.7%, and total CLA by about 23.1%.
Differences in the interpretation of a modernized Mediterranean diet prescribed in intervention studies for the management of type 2 diabetes: how closely does this align with a traditional Mediterranean diet?; Purpose and MethodsAdherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is associated with the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, in intervention studies, there is discordance in the interpretation of a MedDiet. The purpose of this paper was to examine, synthesize, and develop a narrative review, exploring the qualitative differences in the interpretation of a modernized MedDiet prescribed as an intervention in clinical trials for the management of T2DM, and how closely this aligns with a traditional MedDiet. The traditional' MedDiet is often described as a dietary pattern high in unprocessed plant foods (fruits, vegetables, legumes, nuts, wholegrain cereals, and olive oil); moderate consumption of wine; low moderate in fish/shellfish; and an infrequent consumption of red meat, animal fats, vegetable oils, and processed foods.Results and ConclusionsSynthesis of the reviewed literature demonstrates considerable variation in the qualitative interpretation of a MedDiet. We also identified inadequate reporting of MedDiet interventions, despite a number of studies referring to their intervention as a traditional' MedDiet. The majority of studies emphasized the same key dietary components and principles: an increased intake of vegetables, wholegrains, and the preferential consumption of white meat in substitute of red and processed meat and abundant use of olive oil. However, the reporting of specific dietary recommendations for fruit, legumes, nuts, bread, red wine, and fermentable dairy products were less consistent or not reported. Irrespective of the discordance in the interpretation of a MedDiet, a number of studies included in the present review reported improved glycaemic control and favorable cardiovascular outcomes with adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet. Nevertheless, greater clarity and depth of reporting amongst intervention studies is warranted for the refinement of a modernized MedDiet definition that is distinct from a prudent dietary pattern.
Measures of Maternal Metabolic Health as Predictors of Severely Low Milk Production; Background: A comprehensive approach to breastfeeding support requires elucidation of how metabolic health influences milk production.Objective: We compared metabolic health indicators in women with severely low milk output versus those with moderate/normal milk output using a case-control study design, with nested and external control groups.Design: Cases and nested controls were derived from women screened for a low milk supply trial, with cases defined as severely low milk output (<300 mL/24 hours), and nested controls defined as moderate/normal milk output (>300 mL/24 hours). In addition, we included an external control group of exclusively breastfeeding women. All were enrolled at 2-10 weeks postdelivery of a healthy term infant. Milk output and breast emptying frequency were recorded through test-weigh. Metabolic health variables included all components of the metabolic syndrome, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).Results: Maximum milk output, mL/24 hours, ranged as follows: 30-281 in cases (n = 18), 372-801 in nested controls (n = 12), and 661-915 in external controls (n = 12). Mean breast emptying frequency in cases was not significantly different from nested or external controls. All metabolic syndrome components and HOMA-IR were significantly worse in cases as compared with both nested and external control groups (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference between the nested and external control groups for these variables. GDM prevalence was 39%, 0%, and 8%, across cases, nested control, and external control groups, respectively (chi-square p-value = 0.02).Conclusion: Results from this small case-control study identify class 2+ obesity and poor metabolic health as strong risk factors for severely low milk production. These findings should be further validated in larger prospective cohort studies designed to identify individuals at risk for metabolically driven low milk supply. In addition, clinical and qualitative research studies aimed at improving patient-centered approaches to the management of persistent low milk supply are needed.
Soy Milk Consumption, Inflammation, Coagulation, and Oxidative Stress Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy; OBJECTIVE-To determine the effects of soy milk consumption compared with cow's milk on inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among patients with diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-This randomized, crossover clinical trial was conducted on 25 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. This study had two trial phases, each for 4 weeks and one washout period for 2 weeks. Patients were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing soy milk or a diet containing cow's milk. RESULTS-Soy milk consumption resulted in a significant reduction in D-dimer level (percent change: -3.77 vs. 16.13%; P < 0.05). This significant effect remained even after adjusting For confounding factor (carbohydrate intake). However, soy milk consumption had no significant effects on tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and malondialdehyde levels. The result was near to significance regarding the effect of soy milk consumption on hs-CRP (percent change: -35.45 vs. 36.76%; P = 0.05). However, this effect was not significant after adjusting for the confounding variable (carbohydrate intake). CONCLUSIONS-Soy milk consumption could decrease serum D-dimer level among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. However, markers of inflammation and oxidative stress did not change following soy milk intake among these patients.
Postprandial effects on plasma lipids and satiety hormones from intake of liposomes made from fractionated oat oil: two randomized crossover studies; Background: The composition and surface structure of dietary lipids influence their intestinal degradation. Intake of liposomes made of fractionated oat oil (LOO) is suggested to affect the digestion process and postprandial lipemia and also induce satiety. Objective: In the present study, the metabolic effects on plasma lipids and gut hormones related to satiety were investigated in healthy individuals after intake of LOO, with dairy lipids as placebo. Design: Two blinded randomized studies with crossover design were performed. In the first study, 19 subjects consumed 35 g lipids from LOO or yoghurt in a breakfast meal. In a follow-up study, 15 women consumed 14 or 1.8 g lipids from LOO mixed in yoghurt. Blood samples were analyzed for plasma lipids, insulin, glucose, and intestinal hormones CCK, PYY, GLP-1, and GLP-2 before and four times after the meal. Subjective analysis of satiety was measured using a visual analog scale questionnaire. Participants recorded their food intake during the rest of the day. Results: Intake of 35 and 14 g lipids from LOO significantly increased plasma concentrations of CCK, GLP-1, GLP-2, and PYY postprandially. This coincided with a prolonged elevation of triglycerides and large cholesterol-containing particles. Non-esterified fatty acids decreased after intake of 14 and 1.8 g lipids from LOO. The subjective sensation of satiety in women was increased 7 h after intake of 35 g lipids from LOO without any difference in food intake. Our results indicate that intake of 14 g lipids from LOO at breakfast substantially reduced energy intake during the rest of the day. Conclusions: This study suggests that intake of LOO prolong lipid digestion, affect postprandial plasma lipids and have an effect on satiety. The effect of LOO on GLP-2 indicates that intake of LOO also improve gut health.
Oversupplying metabolizable protein during late gestation to beef cattle does not influence ante- or postpartum glucose-insulin kinetics but does affect prepartum insulin resistance indices and colostrum insulin content; The objective of this study was to evaluate whether oversupplying metabolizable protein (MP) during late gestation influences glucose and insulin concentrations, and insulin resistance (IR) in late gestation and early lactation. Crossbred Hereford, first-lactation heifers were individually fed diets to supply 133% (HMP, n = 11) or 100% (CON, n = 10) of their predicted MP requirements for 55 +/- 4 d (mean +/- SD) prior to calving. All heifers received a common lactation ration formulated to meet postpartum requirements (103% MP and 126% ME). After feed was withheld for 12 h, cattle underwent an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) on days -6.7 +/- 0.9 and 14.3 +/- 0.4 by infusing a 50% dextrose solution (1.36 g glucose/kg BW0.75) through a jugular catheter with plasma collected at -10, 0 (immediately after infusion), 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 45, 60, 75, 90, and 120 min, respective to the infusion. Glucose and insulin concentrations were assessed. Insulin resistance indices (homeostasis model of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR], quantitative insulin sensitivity check index [QUICKI], revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index [RQUICK], and RQUICKI incorporating serum beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations [RQUICKI(BHB)]) were calculated from measurements of serum non-esterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate and plasma glucose and insulin concentrations on days -34 +/- 4, -15 +/- 4, 7 +/- 1, 28 +/- 3, 70 +/- 3, and 112 +/- 3. Colostrum samples were collected within an hour of calving (prior to suckling) and analyzed for insulin concentration. Data were analyzed as a randomized block design using the PROC GLIMMIX of SAS, accounting for repeated measurements when necessary. Baseline (-10 min) plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were elevated (P <= 0.038) for HMP heifers during the antepartum IVGTT, but not (P >= 0.25) during the postpartum IVGTT. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations throughout the antepartum or postpartum IVGTT did not differ (P >= 0.18) by prepartum treatment, nor did other glucose and insulin IVGTT parameters (i.e., max concentration and time to reach max concentration, nadir values, clearance rates and half-lives, area-under-the-curve, and insulin sensitivity index; P >= 0.20). Antepartum IVGTT IR indices indicated that HMP heifers were more (P <= 0.011) IR than their counterparts. Similarly, the prepartum HOMA-IR was greater (P = 0.033) for HMP heifers, suggesting increased IR. Postpartum IR indices did not (P >= 0.25) indicate that prepartum MP consumption impacted postpartum IR. Colostrum insulin concentration was increased (P = 0.004) by nearly 2-fold for HMP relative to CON heifers. These data demonstrate that prepartum MP overfeeding alters baseline glucose-insulin concentrations in late-pregnant beef heifers and increases colostrum insulin content without having carry-over effects on postpartum glucose-insulin concentrations and IR.
Effects of dietary fat and season on steroid hormonal profiles before parturition and on hormonal, cholesterol, triglycerides, follicular patterns, and postpartum reproduction in Brahman cows; Spring-calving Brahman cows (S) artificially inseminated to Brahman, Angus, or Tuli sires and fall-calving Brahman cows (F) naturally bred to Brahman were allotted randomly to receive 3.74% (LF; n = 9 S and 6 F), 5.20% (MF; n = 8 S and 6 Fl, or 6.55% dietary fat (HF; n = 8 S). Diets were formulated to contain differing fatty acid concentrations and to be isocaloric and isonitrogenous. Cows were bled and fed twice daily from 2 wk before expected calving date through d 21 after calving. Ultrasonography was performed on d 14 and 21 after calving. From d 21 to 90 after calving a sterile bull equipped with a chin-ball marker was placed with the cows to aid in estrus detection. In both seasons progesterone decreased (P < .01) and estradiol-17 beta increased (P < .01) as parturition approached. Cows receiving MF and HF had increased (P < .01) total numbers of follicles compared to LF cows, and cows receiving MF had larger (P < .01) follicles. During the spring, cows receiving HF and cows bred to Brahman or Tuli sires had longer (P < .01) gestation lengths. Progesterone concentrations before calving were affected (P < .01) by treatment x sire and estradiol-17 beta by a time x treatment interaction (P < .01). Cholesterol after calving was higher (P <.01) in HF cows than in LF or MF cows. In the fall, LF cows had heavier (P <.01) calves than cows receiving MF. Birth weight was also affected (P <.01) by treatment x sex of calf. Progesterone was affected (P <.01) by treatment x sex of calf. Estradiol-17 beta was affected (P < .01) by sex of calf and treatment x sex of calf. Across seasons, by d 90 after calving, 9 of 15 (60%) LF and 11 of 15 (73.3%) MF cows showed estrual behavior. Cows in the spring had increased (P < .01) numbers and larger follicles compared to the fall. In conclusion, dietary fat may influence steroid hormone concentrations before calving, calf birth weight and postpartum follicular populations; furthermore, follicular populations may also be influenced by season.
Fish oil and olive oil can modify insulin resistance and plasma desacyl-ghrelin in rats; BACKGROUND: Evidence exists for reciprocal effects of insulin and desacyl-ghrelin (DAG) concentration, but the association between different fatty acid saturation in high fat diet (HFD) and these hormones remain to be established. To evaluate the impact of different sources of dietary fat and the level of fatty acid saturation on plasma insulin and DAG levels and also the association of DAG with insulin action this study was carried out. METHODS: Male weaning Wistar rats were randomly divided into four groups of HFDs, high fat butter (HF-B), high fat soy (HF-S), high fat olive (HF-O), high fat fish (HF-F), and a group of standard diet (SD). Blood samples were collected after 8 weeks and after they were fasted for 24 h. Body weight, food intake, plasma glucose, insulin, DAG and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were measured. RESULTS: Plasma insulin levels at fed and fasted status, were significantly higher in rats on HF-B compared to those on SD, HF-F and HF-O diets (P<0.05). Insulin concentration in rats on HF-S was also higher than those on SD, HF-F and HF-O diets (P<0.05), in the feeding status. Insulin resistance was significantly higher in rats on HF-B, compared to those on SD, HF-F and HF-O (P<0.05). Rats that were fed with HF-B diet had lower fasting plasma DAG levels than the SD, HF-F and HF-O groups (P<0.05); furthermore, the HF-F group had significantly higher DAG level than the HF-S groups (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Fish and olive oils may hence contribute to lower insulin level and HOMA-IR by increasing DAG concentration and may have more health benefits than other fat sources in diets.
THE EFFECT OF MUESLI OR CORNFLAKES AT BREAKFAST ON CARBOHYDRATE-METABOLISM IN TYPE-2 DIABETIC-PATIENTS; Fourteen overweight insulin-treated type 2 diabetic patients ate a breakfast, consisting of either muesli (slow release starch: SRS) or cornflakes (fast release starch: FRS), in either case with milk (46 g carbohydrate), during two consecutive randomized crossover periods of two weeks. The rest of the diet remained unchanged. At the end of each period the patients underwent a glucose tolerance test after an overnight fast without their usual evening insulin injection. Both mean plasma glucose response curves were identical after the two dietary periods, but plasma insulin was significantly lower at zero (-17%, P < 0.05) and 2 h (-21%, P < 0.05) at the end of the muesli (SRS) period as compared to the cornflakes (FRS) period. The mean day-long plasma glucose level (four measurements) at the end of the muesli period was 21% (P = 0.023) lower than after the cornflakes period. These results show that switching, at breakfast only, from standard cereals to slow release starch cereals improves the carbohydrate metabolism of diabetic patients. In addition, the fact that diabetic patients could reduce their insulin requirement (P < 0.05) with concomitant reduction of their daily blood glucose level implies that sensitivity to insulin was improved by slow release starch foods consumed at breakfast.
Dietary dairy product intake and incident type 2 diabetes: a prospective study using dietary data from a 7-day food diary; Aim/hypothesis The aim of this study was to investigate the association between total and types of dairy product intake and risk of developing incident type 2 diabetes, using a food diary. Methods A nested case-cohort within the EPIC-Norfolk Study was examined, including a random subcohort (n = 4,000) and cases of incident diabetes (n = 892, including 143 cases in the subcohort) followed-up for 11 years. Diet was assessed using a prospective 7-day food diary. Total dairy intake (g/day) was estimated and categorised into high-fat (>= yen3.9%) and low-fat (< 3.9% fat) dairy, and by subtype into yoghurt, cheese and milk. Combined fermented dairy product intake (yoghurt, cheese, sour cream) was estimated and categorised into high- and low-fat. Prentice-weighted Cox regression HRs were calculated. Results Total dairy, high-fat dairy, milk, cheese and high-fat fermented dairy product intakes were not associated with the development of incident diabetes. Low-fat dairy intake was inversely associated with diabetes in age- and sex-adjusted analyses (tertile [T] 3 vs T1, HR 0.81 [95% CI 0.66, 0.98]), but further adjustment for anthropometric, dietary and diabetes risk factors attenuated this association. In addition, an inverse association was found between diabetes and low-fat fermented dairy product intake (T3 vs T1, HR 0.76 [95% CI 0.60, 0.99]; p(trend) = 0.049) and specifically with yoghurt intake (HR 0.72 [95% CI 0.55, 0.95]; p(trend) = 0.017) in multivariable adjusted analyses. Conclusions/interpretationGreater low-fat fermented dairy product intake, largely driven by yoghurt intake, was associated with a decreased risk of type 2 diabetes development in prospective analyses. These findings suggest that the consumption of specific dairy types may be beneficial for the prevention of diabetes, highlighting the importance of food group subtypes for public health messages.
The effects of probiotic bacteria on glycaemic control in overweight men and women: a randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Evidence from animal and in vitro models suggest a role of probiotic bacteria in improving glycaemic control and delaying the onset of type 2 diabetes. However, the evidence froth controlled trials in humans is limited. The objective was to determine if the probiotic bacteria L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp lactis Bb12, supplemented in a whole food (yoghurt) or isolated (capsules) form, can improve biomarkers of glycaemic control. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Following a 3-week washout period, 156 overweight men and women over 55 years (mean age: 67 +/- 8 years; mean body mass index (31 +/- 4 kg/m(2)) were randomized to a 6-week double-blinded parallel study. The four intervention groups were: (A) probiotic yoghurt plus probiotic capsules; (B) probiotic yoghurt plus placebo capsules; (C) control milk plus probiotic capsules; and (D) control milk plus placebo capsules. Outcome measurements, including fasting glucose, insulin, glycated haemoglobin and Homoeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), were performed at baseline and week 6. RESULTS: Relative to the milk-control group, probiotic yoghurt resulted in a significantly higher HOMA-IR (0.32 +/- 0.15, P=0.038), but did not have a significant effect on the other three measures of glycaemic control (P>0.05). Relative to placebo capsules, probiotic capsules resulted in a significantly higher fasting glucose (0.15 +/- 0.07 mmol/l, P=0.037), with no significant effect on the other three measures of glycaemic control (P>0.05). Further analyses did not identify other variables as contributing to these adverse findings. CONCLUSIONS: Data from this study does not support the hypothesis that L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp lactis Bb12, either in isolated form or as part of a whole food, benefit short-term glycaemic control. Indeed, there is weak data for an adverse effect of these strains on glucose homoeostasis.
THE INFLUENCE OF MONENSIN ON CALF PERFORMANCE AND SELECTED BIOCHEMICAL AND HEMATOLOGICAL PARAMETERS OF BLOOD; The aim of this study was to find out the influence of monensin, a ionophore antibiotic, on calf performance and selected physiological parameters. Monensin is a product of Streptomyces cinnamonensis. It has effects on all Gram-negative microbes, such as Escherichia coli, salmonellas, pseudomonads and vibria. It has a small effect on Gram-positive microbes. At the beginning of the experiment eight young crossbred bulls [C X N] at the age of three weeks were weighed and divided into two groups, experimental and control ones. Calves were kept in individual boxes and fed acidified whole milk [2 ml of 85 % formic acid per 1 litre of milk]. They had a free access to concentrates [COT], hay and drinking water. The calves received 3 lt. of whole milk twice a day until the age of eight weeks. 0.5 mg of monensin per 1 kg live weight were served orally to calves of the experimental group every day. Monensin was made by the Spofa Corporation, Prague. Daily intake of feed was recorded and the calves were weighed once a week. Blood samples were taken from the jugular vein before the beginning of the experiment, and in the period from the fifth to the tenth week of age, always before morning feeding. The average daily live weight gain was 0.452 kg and 0.471 kg for the control and experimental group, respectively, during the milk feeding period, the index being 104.2 (Tab. I). Tab. II shows the average feed intake per 1 kg live weight gain. The concentrate consumption rate per 1 kg live weight gain was 0.812 for the control group and 0.676 for the experimental group (83.25 %). Hay consumption rate was 0.360 and 0.397 for the control and experimental group, respectively [110.28 %]. The results of selected haematological and biochemical observations are shown in Tabs. III, IV and V. During the metabolism trials both groups showed blood haemoconcentration accompanied by neutrophilia as a result of dysentry. A slight decrease in serum iron levels was detected in both groups in the last days of the experiment. In comparison with the control group, the levels of serum cholesterol and calcium were higher in the experimental calves while the activity of aminotransferases was depressed. Calves on monensin had the significantly higher counts of leucocytes in the 10th week of age. Even though there were minor differences among the blood parameters, no further important effect of monensin on blood characteristics was recorded.
The Impact of Dairy Products in the Development of Type 2 Diabetes: Where Does the Evidence Stand in 2019?; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has increased rapidly. Adopting a heathy diet is suggested as one of the effective behaviors to prevent or delay onset of T2D. Dairy consumption has been recommended as part of a healthy diet, but there remains uncertainty in both the scientific community and the public about the effect of different dairy products on T2D risk. In a recent workshop, the evidence on dairy products and T2D risk was presented and discussed by a group of experts. The main conclusions from the workshop are presented in this position paper and are as follows. 1) Available evidence from large prospective cohort studies and limited randomized controlled trials (RCTs) suggests that total dairy consumption has a neutral or moderately beneficial effect on T2D risk. 2) Increasing evidence from prospective cohort studies indicates that yogurt is most strongly associated with a lower T2D risk, but evidence from RCTs is scarce. 3) Fatty acids from dairy (medium-chain, odd, and very long-chain SFAs as well as trans-palmitoleic acid) are associated with lower T2D risk and improved metabolic health, but more research is needed on studies that explore cause and effect relations to exclude the possibility that the dairy fatty acids simply serve as markers of overall dairy consumption. 4) The food matrix can be a stronger determinant of health effects than SFA content. This review further identifies research gaps in the existing knowledge and highlights key research questions that need to be addressed to better understand the impact of dairy consumption on future T2D risk.
The impact of diets rich in low-fat or full-fat dairy on glucose tolerance and its determinants: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dairy foods, particularly yogurt, and plasma biomarkers of dairy fat intake are consistently inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes. Yet, few trials assessing the impact of dairy on glucose homeostasis include fermented or full-fat dairy foods. Objectives: We aimed to compare the effects of diets rich in lowfat or full-fat milk, yogurt. and cheese on glucose tolerance and its determinants, with those of a limited dairy diet. Methods: In this parallel-design randomized controlled trial, 72 participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-wk wash-in period, limiting dairy intake to <= 3 servings/wk of nonfat milk. Participants were then randomly assigned to either continue the limited dairy diet, or switch to a diet containing 3.3 servings/d of either low-fat or full-fat dairy for 12 wk. Outcome measures included glucose tolerance (area under the curve glucose during an oral-glucose-tolerance test), insulin sensitivity, pancreatic beta-cell function, systemic inflammation, liver-fat content, and body weight and composition. Results: In the per-protocol analysis (n = 67), we observed no intervention effect on glucose tolerance (P = 0.340). Both the lowfat and full-fat dairy diets decreased the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (ISI) (means +/- SDs -0.47 +/- 1.07 and -0.25 +/- 0.91, respectively) and as compared with the limited dairy group (0.00 +/- 0.92) (P = 0.012 overall). Body weight also changed differentially (P = 0.006 overall), increasing on full-fat dairy (+1.0 kg; -0.2. 1.8 kg) compared with the limited dairy diet (-0.4 kg; -2.5, 0.7 kg), whereas the low-fat dairy diet (+0.3 kg; -1.1, 1.9 kg) was not significantly different from the other interventions. Intervention effects on the Matsuda ISI remained after adjusting for changes in adiposity. No intervention effects were detected for liver fat content or systemic inflammation. Findings in intent-to-treat analyses (n = 72) were consistent. Conclusions: Contrary to our hypothesis, neither dairy diet improved glucose tolerance in individuals with metabolic syndrome. Both dairy diets decreased insulin sensitivity through mechanisms largely unrelated to changes in key determinants of insulin sensitivity.
Low-fat dairy consumption improves intestinal immune function more than high-fat dairy in a diet-induced swine model of insulin resistance; Purpose To understand the effects of consuming high-fat and low-fat dairy products on postprandial cardiometabolic risk factors and intestinal immune function, we used an established low birthweight (LBW) swine model of diet-induced insulin resistance. Methods LBW piglets were randomized to consume one of the 3 experimental high fat diets and were fed for a total of 7 weeks: (1) Control high fat (LBW-CHF), (2) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings of high-fat dairy (LBW-HFDairy) and (3) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings of low-fat dairy (LBW-LFDairy). As comparison groups, normal birthweight (NBW) piglets were fed a CHF (NBW-CHF) or standard pig grower diet (NBW-Chow). At 11 weeks of age, all piglets underwent an established modified oral glucose and fat tolerance test. At 12 weeks of age, piglets were euthanized and ex vivo cytokine production by cells isolated from mesenteric lymph node (MLN) stimulated with mitogens was assessed. Results Dairy consumption did not modulate postprandial plasma lipid, inflammatory markers and glucose concentrations. A lower production of IL-2 and TNF-alpha after pokeweed mitogen (PWM) stimulation was observed in LBW-CHF vs NBW-Chow (P < 0.05), suggesting impaired MLN T cell function. While feeding high-fat dairy had minimal effects, feeding low-fat dairy significantly improved the production of IL-2 and TNF-alpha after PWM stimulation (P < 0.05). Conclusions Irrespective of fat content, dairy had a neutral effect on postprandial cardiometabolic risk factors. Low-fat dairy products improved intestinal T cell function to a greater extent than high-fat dairy in this swine model of obesity and insulin resistance.
n-3 long-chain FA decrease serum levels of TG and remnant-like particle-cholesterol in humans; A large number of papers have reported that administration of n-3 FA reduced serum TG concentrations in hypertriglyceridemic patients. However, few studies have examined the effect of n-3 FA on serum concentrations of remnant-like particle (RLP) cholesterol. Volunteers (n = 41) whose serum TG concentrations were 100-300 mg/dL were recruited and randomly assigned to either an n-3 FA group or a control group with stratification by sex, age, and serum TG level in a double-blind manner. The subjects in the n-3 FA group were administered 125 mL of fermented soybean milk with fish oil containing 600 mg of EPA and 260 mg of DHA/d for 12 wk. The controls consumed control soybean milk with olive oil. Fasting blood samples were obtained before the start of administration and at 4, 8, and 12 wk. EPA concentrations in red blood cells increased significantly in all but one subject in the n-3 FA group, with no significant changes in the control group. TG levels decreased more in the n-3 FA group than in the control group at weeks 4 (P < 0.05), 8 (P < 0.01), and 12 (P < 0.05) with their baseline as covariate. RLP cholesterol levels decreased more in the n-3 FA group than in the control at weeks 8 (P < 0.01) and 12 (P < 0.05) with their baseline as covariate. The groups did not differ in the other lipid levels. It is likely that n-3 long-chain FA may exert anti-atherosclerotic effects by lowering serum TG and RLP-cholesterol levels even at the dose of 860 mg/d.
Effect of Improving Dietary Quality on Arterial Stiffness in Subjects with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes: A 12 Months Randomised Controlled Trial; People with diabetes have accelerated arterial stiffening. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of increasing fruit, vegetable and dairy intake for 12 months on carotid femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), augmentation index (AIx), and central blood pressure (cBP), compared to a usual diet control, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. In a 12 months randomised controlled trial, cfPWV, AIx and cBP were measured every 3 months. The intervention group received dietary counselling to increase consumption of fruit (+1 serving/day; 150 g/day), vegetables (+2 servings/day; 150 g/day) and dairy (+1 serving/day; 200-250 g /day) at baseline, 1, 3, 6 and 9 months. The control group continued on their usual diet. One hundred and nine participants were randomised and 92 (intervention n = 45; control n = 47) completed. At 3 months, fruit (184 g/day; p = 0.001) and dairy (83 g/day; p = 0.037) intake increased in the intervention group compared with the control group but this increase was not maintained at 12 months. After adjustment for baseline measurements there was no time by treatment effect for central systolic or diastolic BP, AIx or cfPWV. A time effect existed for AIx which modestly increased over time. Peripheral diastolic BP and central pulse pressure were improved in the intervention group compared with the control group at 12 months. In the cohort with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, improving dietary quality by increasing consumption of fruit, vegetables and dairy did not improve cBP, AIx or cfPWV, compared with a control group continuing on their usual diet, after 12 months.
Expression of miR-467b in atherosclerosis and its effects on TNF-α and MCP-1 in RAW 264.7 macrophages; This study aims to investigate the expression of miR-467b in atherosclerosis (AS) and its effects on the expression of tumor necrosis factor a (TNF-alpha) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) in RAW 264.7 macrophages. 20 ApoE-/- mice were randomly divided into the control group (n = 10) and atherosclerosis model group (AS model group) ( n = 10). The control group received a standard diet, while the mice in AS model group were given a high-fat diet (containing 0.25% cholesterol and 15% cocoa butter) to induce atherosclerotic plaque. Then real-time quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) was applied to detect the expression of miR-467b in thoracic aorta tissues of ApoE-/- mice. Here we utilized RAW 264.7 macrophages that were transfected with miR-467b mimics or inhibitors to detect the the expression of TNF-alpha and MCP-1 by RT-qPCR, and analyzed the effects of miR-467b on the expression of TNF-alpha and MCP-1; meanwhile, bioinformatics software was used to predict potential target site for miR-467b. And the results showed the presentation of thoracic aorta atherosclerotic plaques in ApoE-/- mice after receiving high-fat diet. Moreover, the expression of miR-467b in thoracic aorta tissue of AS mice was significantly down-regulated compared to the control group, and the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). And the expression of miR-467b in macrophages largely inhibited the level of TNF-alpha and MCP-1. Meanwhile, bioinformatics software showed that miR-467b was likely to target lipoprotein lipase (LPL). In conclusion, miR-467b expression was down-regulated in AS mice, and miR-467b low-expression can induce the expression of TNF-alpha and MCP-1 in macrophages by promoting LPL expression.
Food protein-derived bioactive peptides in management of type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes (T2D), one of the major common human health problems, is growing at an alarming rate around the globe. Alpha-glucosidase and dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP-IV) enzymes play a significant role in development of T2D. Hence, reduction or inhibition of their activity can be one of the important strategies in management of T2D. Studies in the field of bioactive peptides have shown that dietary proteins could be natural source of alpha-glucosidase and DPP-IV inhibitory peptides. The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of food protein-derived peptides as potential inhibitors of alpha-glucosidase and DPP-IV with major focus on milk proteins. Efforts have been made to review the available information in literature on the relationship between food protein-derived peptides and T2D. This review summarizes the current data on alpha-glucosidase and dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitory bioactive peptides derived from proteins and examines the potential value of these peptides in the treatment and prevention of T2D. In addition, the proposed modes of inhibition of peptide inhibitors are also discussed. Studies revealed that milk and other food proteins-derived bioactive peptides play a vital role in controlling T2D through several mechanisms, such as the satiety response, regulation of incretin hormones, insulinemia levels, and reducing the activity of carbohydrate degrading digestive enzymes. The bioactive peptides could be used in prevention and management of T2D through functional foods or nutraceutical supplements. Further clinical trials are necessary to validate the findings of in vitro studies and to confirm the efficiency of these peptides for applications.
Effect of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet, high in animal or plant protein on cardiometabolic risk factors in obese metabolic syndrome patients: A randomized clinical trial; Aims: This study aimed to investigate the effect of replacing plant proteins with animal proteins in the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on cardiometabolic risk factors in obese metabolic syndrome participants.Methods: In this double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial, 90 obese patients with metabolic syndrome, aged 30-70 years were randomly allocated into the DASH diet based on plant or animal proteins for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected to assess the biochemical markers. Also, blood pressure, weight, and waist circumference (WC) were measured at the beginning and end of the trial.Results: The participants in both groups experienced significant reductions in the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), triglyceride (TG) concentrations, weight and WC. However the reduction in FPG and SBP was higher in the plant-based DASH group, compared to the animal -based DASH group, after adjustment for weight change. No significant changes were found within or between groups with regard to total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C.Conclusions: Substituting plant proteins with animal proteins in the DASH diet improves FPG and SBP in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome, independent of weight change. IRCT registration number: IRCT20090203001640N16.
Effects of replacing wheat bran by pistachio skins on feed intake, nutrient digestibility, milk yield, milk composition and blood metabolites of dairy Saanen goats; The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of pistachio skins (PiS) as a replacement of wheat bran on feed intake, nutrient digestibility, milk yield, milk composition and blood metabolites of dairy Saanen goats. Eight multiparous lactating Saanen goats (55 +/- 7.2days post-partum, 45 +/- 2kg body weight) were randomly assigned to one of the four dietary treatments arranged in a replicated 4x4 Latin square design. The dietary treatments were 1) 0g/kg PiS and 210g/kg wheat bran in the TMR (0PiS), 2) 70g/kg PiS and 140g/kg wheat bran in the TMR (7PiS), 3) 140g/kg PiS and 70g/kg wheat bran in the TMR (14PiS) and 4) 210g/kg PiS and 0g/kg wheat bran in the TMR (21PiS). The trial consisted of four 21-day periods, each composed of 14days adaptation and 7days data collection. Dry matter intake (p<0.05) and crude protein digestibility (p<0.01) increased linearly with increasing PiS proportions in the diet. Increasing the proportion of PiS in the diet caused a quadratic increase in apparent digestibility of dry matter (p<0.05), and tended (p=0.05) to increase quadratically organic matter, and ether extract digestibility. Replacing wheat bran with PiS in the diet had no effects on milk yield, whereas milk fat concentration increased linearly (p<0.01) with increasing inclusion of PiS in the diet. As the dietary proportion of PiS increased, ruminal pH tended (p=0.07) to increase linearly, whereas ammonia-N concentration declined in the rumen. Plasma concentrations of glucose and BUN remained unaffected, whereas triglycerides (p<0.05) and cholesterol (p<0.01) concentrations increased linearly with increasing inclusion of PiS in the diet. It was concluded that PiS based on local ingredients can successfully replace wheat bran in diets of dairy goats without detrimental effects on feed intake, nutrient digestibility and milk production.
Intake of saturated and trans unsaturated fatty acids and risk of all cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; OBJECTIVE To systematically review associations between intake of saturated fat and trans unsaturated fat and all cause mortality, cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated mortality, coronary heart disease (CHD) and associated mortality, ischemic stroke, and type 2 diabetes. DESIGN Systematic review and meta-analysis. DATA SOURCES Medline, Embase, Cochrane Central Registry of Controlled Trials, Evidence-Based Medicine Reviews, and CINAHL from inception to 1 May 2015, supplemented by bibliographies of retrieved articles and previous reviews. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR SELECTING STUDIES Observational studies reporting associations of saturated fat and/or trans unsaturated fat (total, industrially manufactured, or from ruminant animals) with all cause mortality, CHD/CVD mortality, total CHD, ischemic stroke, or type 2 diabetes. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS Two reviewers independently extracted data and assessed study risks of bias. Multivariable relative risks were pooled. Heterogeneity was assessed and quantified. Potential publication bias was assessed and subgroup analyses were undertaken. The GRADE approach was used to evaluate quality of evidence and certainty of conclusions. RESULTS For saturated fat, three to 12 prospective cohort studies for each association were pooled (five to 17 comparisons with 90 501-339 090 participants). Saturated fat intake was not associated with all cause mortality (relative risk 0.99, 95% confidence interval 0.91 to 1.09), CVD mortality (0.97, 0.84 to 1.12), total CHD (1.06, 0.95 to 1.17), ischemic stroke (1.02, 0.90 to 1.15), or type 2 diabetes (0.95, 0.88 to 1.03). There was no convincing lack of association between saturated fat and CHD mortality (1.15, 0.97 to 1.36; P= 0.10). For trans fats, one to six prospective cohort studies for each association were pooled (two to seven comparisons with 12 942-230 135 participants). Total trans fat intake was associated with all cause mortality (1.34, 1.16 to 1.56), CHD mortality (1.28, 1.09 to 1.50), and total CHD (1.21, 1.10 to 1.33) but not ischemic stroke (1.07, 0.88 to 1.28) or type 2 diabetes (1.10, 0.95 to 1.27). Industrial, but not ruminant, trans fats were associated with CHD mortality (1.18 (1.04 to 1.33) v 1.01 (0.71 to 1.43)) and CHD (1.42 (1.05 to 1.92) v 0.93 (0.73 to 1.18)). Ruminant trans-palmitoleic acid was inversely associated with type 2 diabetes (0.58, 0.46 to 0.74). The certainty of associations between saturated fat and all outcomes was "very low." The certainty of associations of trans fat with CHD outcomes was "moderate" and "very low" to "low" for other associations. CONCLUSIONS Saturated fats are not associated with all cause mortality, CVD, CHD, ischemic stroke, or type 2 diabetes, but the evidence is heterogeneous with methodological limitations. Trans fats are associated with all cause mortality, total CHD, and CHD mortality, probably because of higher levels of intake of industrial trans fats than ruminant trans fats. Dietary guidelines must carefully consider the health effects of recommendations for alternative macronutrients to replace trans fats and saturated fats.
Application of BASNEF educational model for nutritional education among elderly patients with type 2 diabetes: improving the glycemic control; BACKGROUND: The objective of this study was to determine the effects of nutritional educational program on glycemic control of elderly patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In this parallel randomized controlled educational trial, 100 diabetic elderly patients (>= 60 years) were chosen (50 in control and 50 in test group). Nutrition education based on beliefs, attitudes, subjective norms and enabling factors (BASNEF model) was conducted. Dietary intake and glycemic indices as well as the components of the BASNEF model were assessed. The four 70-minute educational sessions were conducted in one month. Three months after training intervention, questionnaire was completed again and blood tests were performed. RESULTS: Increased intake in the mean daily servings of fruits (0.91 +/- 0.82 vs. 0.17 +/- 0.79; p < 0.001), vegetables (0.87 +/- 0.86 vs. 0.03 +/- 1; p < 0.001) and dairy (0.35 +/- 0.52 vs. and 0.12 +/- 0.76; p < 0.001) were reported in the intervention group compared to the control group (p < 0.001). The amount of fruits, vegetables and dairy increased in the intervention group at the end of the study (p < 0.001). However, it was not significantly changed in the control group. HbA1c and fasting blood sugar (FBS) levels decreased significantly in the interventional group compared to the control group (p < 0.001). Comparing the amount of FBS and HbA1c at the end of the study with the baseline measurements showed significant reduction in interventional group (p < 0.001). However, there was no significant change in control group in this regard. CONCLUSIONS: BASNEF based nutritional educational intervention improved dietary intakes as well as glycemic control, 3 months after intervention.
Impact of Dairy Intake on Plasma F<sub>2</sub>-IsoProstane Profiles in Overweight Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia: A Randomized Crossover Trial; F-2-IsoProstanes (F-2-IsoPs) are major biomarkers of oxidative stress and are associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Further, plasma levels of F-2-IsoPs may be modified by dairy products. The aim is to investigate the effect of high dairy product (HD) consumption compared to an adequate dairy product (AD) consumption on the level of F-2-IsoPs among hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this crossover study, participants were randomized in two groups: HD (>= 4 servings/day), or AD (<= 2 servings/day) for six weeks. Fasting blood glucose and insulin were measured. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Six isomers of F-2-IsoPs were quantified by HPLC-MS/MS. Twenty-seven subjects with hyperinsulinemia (mean age; 55 +/- 13 years, BMI; 31.4 +/- 3.3 kg/m2) were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR were unchanged after HD or AD intervention. After HD intake, the total level of F-2-IsoPs (p = 0.03), 5-F-2t-IsoP (p = 0.002), and 8-F-2t-IsoP (p = 0.004) decreased compared to AD. The 15-F-2t-IsoP tended to be positively correlated with fasting blood glucose (r = 0.39, p = 0.08). Generally, F-2-IsoPs levels were higher among men compared to women regardless of the dairy intake. Overall, intake of HD decreased plasma levels of F-2-IsoPs compared to AD without modifying glycemic parameters.
The effect of slow spaced eating on hunger and satiety in overweight and obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Slow spaced eating is associated with improved satiety and gut hormone responses in normal-weight participants. This crossover study compared the effect of slow and rapid eating patterns on hunger, fullness, glucose, insulin, and the appetite-related gut hormones peptide YY (PYY), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), and ghrelin in overweight and obese participants with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: 20 overweight and obese participants with T2DM on metformin were recruited. A test meal of 300 mL ice-cream was consumed in random order in two different sessions by each participant; meal duration was 5 or 30 min. Fullness and hunger as assessed by visual analog scales ( VAS), and glucose, insulin, PYY, GLP-1, and ghrelin were measured at baseline and at 30 min intervals after meal termination for 3 h. Results: Fullness VAS ratings were significantly higher at the 90', 120', 150', and 180' time points and hunger ratings were lower at 90', 150', and 180' for the 30 min meal. The area under the curve (AUC) for fullness was higher after the 30 min meal than after the 5 min meal ( 11 943.7 +/- 541.2 vs 10 901.0 +/- 568.8 mm min, p=0.003) whereas the hunger AUC was lower (4442.9 +/- 328 vs 4966.7 +/- 347.5 mm min, p=0.012). There were no differences in glucose, insulin, PYY, GLP-1, and ghrelin responses. Conclusions: Slow spaced eating increased fullness and decreased hunger ratings in overweight and obese participants with T2DM, without the improvement in gut hormone responses found in normal-weight participants. Slow spaced eating may be a useful prevention strategy, but might also help curb food intake in those already suffering from obesity and diabetes.
Effects of whey protein on glycemic control and serum lipoproteins in patients with metabolic syndrome and related conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Background This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to assess the effects of whey protein on serum lipoproteins and glycemic status in patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and related disorders. Methods Online databases, such as Web of Science, Cochrane Library, PubMed and Scopus were systematically searched by two independent authors from inception until 30th April 2020 for English randomized clinical trials investigating the efficacy of whey protein administration in subjects with Mets or related conditions on the parameters of glycemic and lipid control compared to certain control. In order to evaluate the included studies' methodological quality, Cochrane Collaboration risk of bias tool was applied. Using Cochrane's Q test and I-square (I-2) statistic, the included trials' heterogeneity was also examined. Using a random-effects model, data were pooled, and weighted mean difference (WMD) was considered as the overall effect size. Results Twenty-two studies were selected to be included in this meta-analysis. Consumption of whey protein resulted in significant reduction of HbA1c (WMD: -0.15; 95% CI: - 0.29, - 0.01) insulin (WMD: -0.94; 95% CI: - 1.68, - 0.21) and homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: -0.20; 95% CI: - 0.36, - 0.05). A significant reduction in triglycerides levels (WMD: -17.12; 95% CI: - 26.52, - 7.72), total cholesterol (WMD: -10.88; 95% CI -18.60, - 3.17), LDL-cholesterol levels (WMD: -8.47 95% CI: - 16.59, - 0.36) and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio (WMD: -0.26; 95% CI: - 0.41, - 0.10) was found as well. Conclusions This meta-analysis suggests that supplementation with whey protein had beneficial effect on several indicators of glycemic control and lipid parameters in patients with MetS and related conditions.
Addition of silymarin to renin-angiotensin system blockers in normotensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and proteinuria: a prospective randomized trial; Background In the last decade, despite constant investigation, no current single treatment has been able to decrease the incidence of diabetic nephropathy and to significantly reduce progression of diabetic CKD. Methods Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and proteinuria (> 0.5 g/day) after a screening and treatment optimization phase were randomly assigned to receive silymarin or placebo. The primary outcome was a composite outcome: mortality, decline of eGFR > 50% and renal replacement therapy. Secondary outcomes were a composite renal outcome (defined as a decline of eGFR >= 50% or ESRD) and also to test the effect of silymarin on the change in eGFR and proteinuria. We also assessed the adverse effects (hospitalizations, headache or gastrointestinal symptoms) during the study. Results One hundred and two patients were included in the study. There were no significant differences between the two study groups regarding the primary and renal outcomes (HR 0.62, 95% CI 0.3-1.2, p = 0.15; HR 0.56, 95% CI 0.26-1.24, p = 0.16, respectively). At study end, eGFR declined significantly in both arms (p < 0.001), irrespective of the treatment group allocation, and there were no significant changes in proteinuria. There was a significant difference in hospitalizations rates between the two study groups (0.61, 95% CI 0.44-0.85). Conclusions Silymarin did not show a significant reduction in the primary and secondary outcomes. Importantly, silymarin treatment was associated with a significant reduction in the hospitalization rate.
Red meat, dairy, and insulin sensitivity: a randomized crossover intervention study; Background: Epidemiologic studies have linked high consumption of red and processed meat with risk of developing type 2 diabetes, whereas high dairy consumption has been associated with decreased risk, but interventions have been limited. Objective: We compared the effects on insulin sensitivity of consuming a diet high in lean red meat with minimal dairy, a diet high in primarily low-fat dairy (from milk, yogurt, or custard) with no red meat, and a control diet that contained neither red meat nor dairy. Design: A randomized crossover study was undertaken with 47 overweight and obese men and women divided into 2 groups as follows: those with normal glucose tolerance and those with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance. Participants followed the 3 weight-stable dietary interventions for 4 wk with glucose, insulin, and C-peptide measured by using oral-glucose-tolerance tests at the end of each diet. Results: Fasting insulin was significantly higher after the dairy diet than after the red meat diet (P < 0.01) with no change in fasting glucose resulting in a decrease in insulin sensitivity after the high-dairy diet (P < 0.05) as assessed by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). A significant interaction between diet and sex was observed such that, in women alone, HOMA-IR was significantly lower after the red meat diet than after the dairy diet (1.33 +/- 0.8 compared with 1.71 +/- 0.8, respectively; P < 0.01). Insulin sensitivity calculated by using the Matsuda method was 14.7% lower in women after the dairy diet than after the red meat diet (P < 0.01) with no difference between diets in men. C-peptide was not different between diets. Conclusion: In contrast to some epidemiologic findings, these results suggest that high consumption of dairy reduces insulin sensitivity compared with a diet high in lean red meat in overweight and obese subjects, some of whom had glucose intolerance. This trial was registered at the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry as ACTRN12613000441718.
Improvement of Dietary Quality with the Aid of a Low Glycemic Index Diet in Asian Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives: This randomized controlled study was conducted to determine the effect of low glycerine index (Cl) dietary advice on eating patterns and dietary quality in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Methods: Asian patients with T2DM (N = 104) were randomized into 2 groups that received either low Cl or conventional carbohydrate exchange (CCE) dietary advice for 12 weeks. Nutritional prescriptions were based on the medical nutrition therapy for T2DM. with the difference being in the Cl component of the carbohydrates. Dietary intake and food choices were assessed with the use of a 3-day food record. Results: At week 12, both groups achieved the recommendations for carbohydrate (52 +/- 4% and 54 +/- 4% of energy) and fat (30 +/- 4% and 28 +/- 5%, of energy) intake. There were no significant differences in the reported macronutrient intake in both groups. With the low GI diet, crude fiber and dietary calcium intake increased, while the dietary GI reduced. Subjects in the lowest dietary glycemic index/glycemic load (GI/GL) quartile consumed more parboiled/basmati rice, pasta, milk/dairy products, fruits, and dough, which are foods from the low GI category. There was a significant reduction in the hemoglobin A(1c) level at week 12 for patients in the lowest GI/GL, quartile (Delta = -0.7 +/- 0.1%) compared with those in the highest GI/GL quartile (Delta = -0.1 +/- 0.2%). Conclusions: These results demonstrate the ability of low Cl dietary advice to improve the dietary quality of Asian patients with T2DM.
Effect of improving dietary quality on carotid intima media thickness in subjects with type 1 and type 2 diabetes: a 12-mo randomized controlled trial; Background: People with diabetes are at a heightened risk of cardiovascular disease compared with the general population. To our knowledge, randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of improving dietary quality on carotid intima media thickness, a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and predictor of cardiovascular disease, have not been conducted in populations with diabetes. Objective: We aimed to determine whether increasing fruit (+1 serving; 150 g/d), vegetable (+2 servings; 150 g/d), and dairy (+1 serving; 200-250 g/d) intakes slows 12-mo common carotid artery intima media thickness (CCA IMT) progression, compared with a control group continuing to consume their usual diet, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Design: A 12-mo randomized controlled trial was conducted. The primary outcome was mean CCA IMT, measured at baseline and 12 mo, with B-mode ultrasound. Participants in the intervention group received counseling from a dietitian at baseline and 1, 3, 6, and 9 mo, and compliance was measured with a food-frequency questionnaire at baseline, 3 mo, and 12 mo. The control group continued consuming their usual diet. Results: In total, 118 participants completed the study. Vegetable (46 g/d; 95% CI: 14, 77 g/d; P < 0.001) and fruit (179 g/d; 95% CI: 119, 239 g/d; P < 0.001) intakes were increased at 3 mo in the intervention group compared with the control group. This increase was not maintained at 12 mo, but intake increased overall in the cohort (fruit, 48 g/d; vegetables, 14 g/d). An increase in dairy consumption was not achieved, but yogurt intake was higher in the intervention group at 3 mo (38 g; 95% CI: 12, 65 g; P < 0.001); this was not maintained at 12 mo. At 12 mo, CCA IMT regressed (mean +/- SD: -0.01 +/- 0.04 mm; P < 0.001), with a greater effect in the treatment group (mean +/- SD: -0.02 +/- 0.04 mm compared with -0.004 +/- 0.04 mm; P = 0.009). Conclusion: Improving dietary quality in people with well-controlled type 1 and type 2 diabetes may slow CCA IMT progression.
Coffee consumption and cardiovascular diseases and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Aims: To evaluate the long-term consequences of coffee drinking in patients with type 2 diabetes. Data synthesis: PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Sciences were searched to November 2020 for prospective cohort studies evaluating the association of coffee drinking with risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. Two reviewers extracted data and rated the certainty of evidence using GRADE approach. Random-effects models were used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. Dose-response associations were modeled by a one stage mixed-effects meta-analysis. Ten prospective cohort studies with 82,270 cases were included. Compared to those with no coffee consumption, the HRs for consumption of 4 cups/ d were 0.79 (95%CI: 0.72, 0.87; n = 10 studies) for all-cause mortality, 0.60 (95%CI: 0.46, 0.79; n = 4) for CVD mortality, 0.68 (95%CI: 0.51, 0.91; n = 3) for coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality, 0.72 (95%CI: 0.54, 0.98; n = 2) for CHD, and 0.77 (95%CI: 0.61, 0.98; n = 2) for total CVD events. There was no significant association for cancer mortality and stroke. There was an inverse monotonic association between coffee drinking and all-cause and CVD mortality, and inverse linear association for CHD and total CVD events. The certainty of evidence was graded moderate for all-cause mortality, and low or very low for other outcomes. Conclusions: Drinking coffee may be inversely associated with the risk of mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, more research is needed considering type of coffee, sugar and cream added to coffee, and history of CVD to present more confident results. Registry and registry number: The protocol of this systematic review was registered at Open Science Framework (https://osf.io/8uaf3, registered form: osf.io/xur76, registration DOI: 10.17605/ OSF.IO/8UAF3). (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of Probiotic Fermented Milk (Kefir) on Glycemic Control and Lipid Profile In Type 2 Diabetic Patients: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Diabetes is a global health problem in the world. Probiotic food has anti-diabetic property. The aim of this trial was to determine the effect of probiotic fermented milk (kefir) on glucose and lipid profile control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted on 60 diabetic patients aged 35 to 65 years. Patients were randomly and equally (n=30) assigned to consume either probiotic fermented milk (kefir) or conventional fermented milk (dough) for 8 weeks. Probiotic group consumed 600 ml/day probiotic fermented milk containing Lactobacillus casei, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacteria and control group consumed 600 ml/day conventional fermented milk. Blood samples tested for fasting blood glucose, HbA1C, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, HDL-C and LDL-C at the baseline and end of the study. Results: The comparison of fasting blood glucose between two groups after intervention was statistically significant (P=0.01). After intervention, reduced HbA1C compared with the baseline value in probiotic fermented milk group was statistically significant (P=0.001), also the HbA1C level significantly decreased in probiotic group in comparison with control group (P=0.02) adjusting for serum levels of glucose, baseline values of HbA1c and energy intake according to ANCOVA model. Serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol levels were not shown significant differences between and within the groups after intervention. Conclusion: Probiotic fermented milk can be useful as a complementary or adjuvant therapy in the treatment of diabetes.
Fermented dairy foods rich in probiotics and cardiometabolic risk factors: a narrative review from prospective cohort studies; Probiotic foods, including fermented dairy (FD) products such as yogurt and cheese, naturally contain live microorganisms, but the relationship between the consumption of probiotic foods and health is unclear. The aim of the present narrative review is to integrate the available information on the relationship between the most studied FD products, which are yogurt and cheese, and cardiometabolic risk factors obtained from meta-analysis, systematic reviews of prospective cohort studies (PCSs) and PCSs published up to 2 November 2019. Additionally, the effects identified by randomized controlled trials of less-studied FD products, such as kefir and kimchi, on cardiometabolic risk factors are provided. PCSs have shown that the consumption of cheese, despite its high saturated fat content, is not associated with expected hypercholesterolemia and an increased cardiovascular risk. PCSs have revealed that the total consumption of FD appears to be associated with a lower risk of developing stroke and cardiovascular disease. The consumption of yogurt seems to be associated with a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. There is a lack of sufficient evidence of a protective relationship between FD or cheese consumption and metabolic syndrome. Moreover, the association of FD, cheese and yogurt with hypertension needs further evidence. In conclusion, the intake of fermented foods containing probiotics, particularly yogurt and cheese (of an undetermined type), opens up new opportunities for the management of cardiometabolic risk factors.
WHOLE ROLLED SUNFLOWER SEEDS WITH OR WITHOUT ADDITIONAL LIMESTONE IN LACTATING DAIRY-CATTLE RATIONS; Lactating Holstein cows (30) were in a continuous trial from 21-120 days postpartum to evaluate diets containing whole, rolled sunflower seeds with or without additional limestone. Cows were fed individually total mixed rations of (dry matter) 47% corn silate, 9% alfalfa hay and 44% concentrate. Concentrates were corn and soybean meal (control); corn, soybean meal, and 22% sunflower seeds; or corn, soybean meal and sunflower seeds plus 3.5% additional limestone. Milk yield (32.2, 32.0 and 32.8 kg/day, respectively) was similar among rations. Yield of 4% fat-corrected milk was lower for cows fed sunflower seeds without additional limestone (30.2, 28.1 and 30.2 kg/day, respectively) because of lower milk fat percentages (3.57, 3.19 and 3.51, respectively). Milk protein percentage tended to be lower for cows fed sunflower seeds with additional limestone (3.01, 2.97 and 2.90, respectively). Milk flavor score was acceptable but tended to be lower for milk from cows fed sunflower seeds with additional limestone (8.4, 8.5 and 7.9, respectively). Milk fat from cows fed sunflower seed rations contained less C-14:0, 16:0 and 16:1 fatty acids but more C-18:0. Dry matter intakes were 21.0, 18.4 and 20.0 kg/day, respectively. Dry matter digestibilities, body weight changes and ruminal volatile fatty acid concentrations were similar among treatments. Total cholesterol in blood serum was elevated in cows fed sunflower seed rations. Insoluble salts of fatty acids were increased in ruminal fluid dry matter from cows fed sunflower seeds but were not increased further by additional limestone. Concentrations of nonesterified Ca-18:1 fatty acids in ruminal fluid dry matter were lower for cows fed sunflower seeds with additional limestone.
INFLUENCE OF VITAMIN E AND SELENIUM SUPPLEMENTATION ON THE PERFORMANCE, REPRODUCTIVE INDICES AND METABOLIC STATUS OF OSSIMI EWES; The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of pre and post-lambing intramuscular (i.m.) injections of vitamin E (VE) and selenium (Se) on the performance, reproductive indices and metabolic status of Ossimi ewes. A total of 20 pregnant ewes were divided randomly into two equal groups of ten animals. The control group (CG) was administered 3 ml of normal saline. The treated group (TG) was administered a combination of 5 mg of sodium selenite and 450 mg of VE twice weekly for 2 weeks pre and post lambing. The performance, reproductive indices, colostrum and milk mineral profiles, blood metabolites and antioxidant enzyme biomarkers were investigated in this experiment. VE and Se supplementation had a significant effect on ewe, lamb performance, colostrum and milk mineral profiles. The treated ewes lost less weight (0.7 kg) compared with the ewes in the control group (3.68 kg) on 30th day postpartum (P<0.001). Lambs born to treated ewes were heavier than those born to control ewes (4.47 kg vs 3.99 kg, respectively), gained more daily weight quickly (268.66 vs. 226.00 g, respectively, P<0.001) and weighed more on 30th day post-lambing (12.53 vs. 10.77 kg, respectively, P<0.001). Treated ewes had higher concentrations of blood glucose, total protein, total cholesterol, antioxidant enzyme biomarkers, and lower concentrations of serum non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). VE and Se supplementation had a significant effect (P<0.05) on postpartum reproductive performance of ewes in terms of fast uterine involution, earlier resumption of ovarian function and ovulation with large size ovulatory follicles, and greater numbers of small, medium, and large-sized follicles. In conclusion, VE and Se supplementation during late gestation and early lactation could be considered an effective strategy for minimizing the weight loss of ewes, enhancing lamb performance, the antioxidant and metabolic status, which improves the reproductive performance of Ossimi ewes.
Effects of timing to start lipogenic diet on productive and reproductive responses in periparturient dairy cows; The aim of this study was to evaluate productive, metabolic and ovarian responses of different timing to start lipogenic diet in dairy cows. Thirty-six multiparous cows were assigned randomly to 1 of 3 treatments in a completely randomized design. All cows were fed a similar glucogenic diet, 21 days before expected calving date. After parturition, they received a glucogenic diet until 42 days in milk (DIM; GGG) or shifted to a lipogenic diet at either I (GLL) or 21(GGL) DIM and remained on these diets until 42 DIM. After the day 42 postpartum, all cows returned to a common stall and received a mixed lipogenic and glucogenic (50:50) diet until 100 DIM. Postpartum dry matter intake (DMI) was lower (P < 0.05) and body weight, body condition score, milk yield, milk protein, and milk lactose contents tended to be lesser (P < 0.1) for the GLL group; however, negativity of energy balance, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), cholesterol, and urea concentrations were significantly higher (P < 0.05). Glucose concentration and number of follicles >= 10 mm diameter were significantly higher (P < 0.05) but BHBA and NEFA concentrations were lower (P < 0.05) for the GLL group compared to other two groups. For the GLL group days to ovulation and cervical diameter were significantly higher (P < 0.05). The conclusion is that providing a lipogenic diet immediately after calving has negative effects on energy balance, metabolic status and follicular dynamics of dairy cows. However, offering a glucogenic diet during -21 to +42 days relative to calving was more effective in improving animal performance and ovarian activity. This strategy may be enhancing the pregnancy rate. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Warm, Sweetened Milk at the Twilight of Immunity - Alzheimer's Disease-Inflammaging, Insulin Resistance, <i>M</i>. <i>paratuberculosis</i> and Immunosenescence; This article prosecutes a case against the zoonotic pathogen Mycobacterium avium ss. paratuberculosis (MAP) as a precipitant of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Like the other major neurodegenerative diseases AD is, at its core, a proteinopathy. Aggregated extracellular amyloid protein plaques and intracellular tau protein tangles are the recognized protein pathologies of AD. Autophagy is the cellular housekeeping process that manages protein quality control and recycling, cellular metabolism, and pathogen elimination. Impaired autophagy and cerebral insulin resistance are invariant features of AD. With a backdrop of age-related low-grade inflammation (inflammaging) and heightened immune risk (immunosenescence), infection with MAP subverts glucose metabolism and further exhausts an already exhausted autophagic capacity. Increasingly, a variety of agents have been found to favorably impact AD; they are agents that promote autophagy and reduce insulin resistance. The potpourri of these therapeutic agents: mTOR inhibitors, SIRT1 activators and vaccines are seemingly random until one recognizes that all these agents also suppress intracellular mycobacterial infection. The zoonotic mycobacterial MAP causes a common fatal enteritis in ruminant animals. Humans are exposed to MAP from contaminated food products and from the environment. The enteritis in animals is called paratuberculosis or Johne's disease; in humans, it is the putative cause of Crohn's disease. Beyond Crohn's, MAP is associated with an increasing number of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases: sarcoidosis, Blau syndrome, autoimmune diabetes, autoimmune thyroiditis, multiple sclerosis, and rheumatoid arthritis. Moreover, MAP has been associated with Parkinson's disease. India is one county that has extensively studied the human bio-load of MAP; 30% of more than 28,000 tested individuals were found to harbor, or to have harbored, MAP. This article asserts an unfolding realization that MAP infection of humans 1) is widespread in its presence, 2) is wide-ranging in its zoonosis and 3) provides a plausible link connecting MAP to AD.
Effect of probiotics on lipid profiles and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes: A meta-analysis of RCTs; Background:This meta-analysis aimed to systematically evaluate the effects of probiotics on blood lipid and blood pressure among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) based on the randomized controlled studies.Methods:PubMed, Cochrane, Embase, Wanfang, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and VIP database were searched by the index words to identify the qualified randomized control trial. The latest research was done in the January 2017. Mean difference (MD) along with 95% confidence interval (CI) was used to analyze the included outcomes.Results:Ten trials were included at last with 297 patients in the treatment group and 294 patients in the control group. Probiotics significantly decreased the value of total cholesterol (SMD -0.57, 95% CI -0.92 to 0.21), triglyceride (SMD -0.66, 95% CI -0.93 to 0.39), low-density lipoprotein (SMD -0.40, 95% CI -0.79 to 0.01), systolic blood pressure (WMD -5.04, 95% CI -8.8 to 1.20), diastolic blood pressure (SMD -0.39, 95% CI -0.62 to 0.17), fasting blood glucose (FBG) (SMD 3.54, 95% CI 1.94-5.15) compared with the placebo treatment. Apart from this, probiotics could significantly improve the value of high-density lipoprotein (SMD 0.38, 95% CI 0.03-0.73).Conclusion:Probiotics may decrease the indexes of lipid profile, blood pressure, and FBG in patients with T2DM; application of probiotics might be a new method for lipid profiles and blood pressure management in T2DM.
Low intestinal cholesterol absorption is associated with a reduced efficacy of phytosterol esters as hypolipemic agents in patients with metabolic syndrome; Background & aims: Phytosterols (PS) lower LDLc, but their effect on metabolic syndrome (MetS) remains unknown. We evaluated whether low-fat milk enriched with PS improves cardiovascular risk factors in these patients. Methods: A randomised parallel trial employing 24 moderate-hypercholesterolaemic MetS patients and consisting of two 3-month intervention phases. After a 3-month healthy diet, patients were divided into two intervention groups: diet (n = 10) and diet + PS (n = 14) (2 g/day). A control group of 24 moderate-hypercholesterolaemic patients without MetS (matched in age and BMI) underwent the same procedure. Results: Neither dietary intervention nor enrichment of PS induced any improvement in the serum lipoprotein profile of MetS patients. By contrast, in the non-MetS population, a healthy diet effectively reduced TC, LDLc, non-HDLc and Apo B-100, with further decreases in IC (6.9%), LDLc (10.5%), non-HDLc (10.3%), Apo B-100 (6.2%) and Apo B-100/ApoA-I ratio (11.6%) being observed when PS were administered. No differences in LDL diameter, hsCRP or homocysteine were detected in any of the groups after consuming PS. This supplementation produced a significant increase in PS levels only in the non-MetS population. Conclusions: PS therapy appears to be of little value to MetS patients, likely due to its reduced intestinal cholesterol absorption. The efficacy of PS as hypocholesterolaemic agents is thus limited. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Estimated healthcare savings associated with adequate dairy food intake; Medical literature that has coalesced during the past two to three decades has identified adequate intake of nutrients from dairy foods as a common factor in the reduction of the disease burden of several common medical conditions. These include obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis, kidney stones, certain outcomes of pregnancy, and some cancers. Treatment of these disorders, particularly cardiovascular, consumes a significant portion of the United States' healthcare budget. Drawing on accumulated data from prospective longitudinal studies and randomized controlled trials, this article summarizes the evidence of the net benefits of increased dairy food intake on these conditions, their outcomes, and their costs. Estimated improvements in outcomes were combined with available data on annual costs of the respective disorders. From the calculated annual impact, we generated first-year and fifth-year healthcare cost savings that would accrue if adult Americans simply increased their intake of dairy foods to the currently recommended 3 to 4 servings/d. Using conservative estimates of potential benefit, we project first-year savings of approximately $26 billion and 5-year cumulative savings in excess of $200 billion. (C) 2004 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
A meal rich in palm oil or butter modifies the sphingolipid profile of postprandial triglyceride-rich lipoproteins from type 2 diabetic women; Elevated concentrations of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TGRL) in the fasting and postprandial states are risk factors for cardiovascular events, especially in type 2 diabetes (T2D). T2D modifies the lipid composition of plasma and lipoproteins and some sphingolipids (SP) have been validated as potent predictive biomarkers of cardiovascular disease occurrence. The main objectives of the present study were to characterize the plasma SP profile in fasting T2D patients and to determine whether SP are modified in postprandial TGRL from these patients compared to fasting TGRL. In a randomized parallelgroup study, 30 T2D women ingested a breakfast including 20g lipids from either hazelnut cocoa palm oil-rich spread (Palm Nut) or Butter. Plasma was collected and TGRL were isolated by ultracentrifugation at fasting and 4h after the meal. Fasting samples of 6 control subjects from another cohort were analyzed for comparison. SP were analyzed by tandem mass spectrometry. Plasma from fasting T2D patients had higher ceramide (Cer) and ganglioside GM3 concentrations, and lower concentrations of sphingosylphosphorylcholine vs healthy subjects. In postprandial TGRL from T2D patients compared to those in the fasting state, Cer concentrations and especially C16:0, C24:1 and C24:0 molecular species, increased after the Palm Nut or Butter breakfast. A positive correlation was observed in the Palm Nut group between changes (D4h-fasting) of summed C16:0+C22:0+C24:1+C24:0 Cer concentrations in TGRL, and changes in plasma TG, TGRL-TG and TGRL-C16:0 concentrations. Altogether in T2D, the altered profile of plasma SP and the increased Cer concentrations in postprandial TGRL could contribute to the increased atherogenicity of TGRL. (c) 2022 Elsevier B.V. and Societe Francaise de Biochimie et Biologie Moleculaire (SFBBM). All rights reserved.
Increasing palmitic acid intake enhances milk production and prevents glucose-stimulated fatty acid disappearance without modifying systemic glucose tolerance in mid-lactation dairy cows; Feeding saturated fatty acids may enhance milk yield in part by decreasing insulin sensitivity and shifting glucose utilization toward the mammary gland. Our objective was to evaluate the effects of palmitic acid (C16:0) on milk production and insulin sensitivity in cows. Twenty multiparous mid-lactation Holstein cows were enrolled in a study consisting of a 5-d covariate, 49-d treatment, and 14-d posttreatment period. All cows received a common sorghum silage-based diet and were randomly assigned to a diet containing no supplemental fat (control; n = 10; 138 +/- 45 d in milk) or C16:0 at 4% of ration DM (PALM; 98% C16:0; n = 10; 136 +/- 44 d in milk). Blood and milk were collected at routine intervals. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (300 mg/kg of body weight) were performed at d(-1), 24, and 49 relative to start of treatment. Data were analyzed as repeated measures using a mixed model with fixed effects of treatment and time, and milk yield served as a covariate. The PALM treatment increased milk yield by wk 7. Furthermore, PALM increased milk fat yield and energy-corrected milk at wk 3 and 7. Changes in milk production occurred in parallel with enhanced energy intake. Increased milk fat yield during PALM treatment was due to increased C16:0 and C16:1 incorporation; PALM had no effect on concentration of milk components, BW, or body condition score. Two weeks posttreatment, energy-corrected milk and milk fat yield remained elevated in PALM-fed cows whereas yields of milk were similar between treatments. Increased milk fat yield after PALM treatment was due to increased de novo lipogenesis and uptake of preformed fatty acids. The basal concentration of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma increased by d 4, 6, and 8 of PALM treatment, a response not observed thereafter. Although PALM supplementation did not modify in-sulin, glucose, or triacylglycerol levels in plasma, total cholesterol in plasma was elevated by wk 3. Estimated insulin sensitivity was lower during the first week of PALM treatment; however, glucose disposal following glucose tolerance tests was not modified. In contrast, C16:0 feeding reduced glucose-stimulated NEFA disappearance by wk 7. Results demonstrate that increasing dietary energy from C16:0 for 7 wk improves milk yield and milk composition without modifying systemic glucose tolerance. Reduced glucose-stimulated NEFA disappearance with C16:0 feeding and elevated circulating NEFA may reflect changes in adipose tissue insulin sensitivity.
Testosterone and exercise: effects on fitness, body composition, and strength in middle-to-older aged men with low-normal serum testosterone levels; As men age, serum testosterone (T) concentrations decrease, as do fitness, strength, and lean mass. Whether testosterone treatment confers additive benefit to reverse these changes when combined with exercise training in middle-to-older aged men remains unclear. We assessed the effects of T treatment and exercise, alone and in combination, on aerobic capacity (VO2 peak), body composition, and muscular strength in men 50-70 yr, waist circumference >95 cm and low-norm& serum T (6-14 nmol.L-1). Participants (n = 80) were randomized to AndroForte5 (testosterone 5.0% wt/vol, 100 mg/2 mL) cream (T), or matching placebo (P), applied transdermally daily, and supervised center-based exercise (Ex) or no additional exercise (NEx), for 12-wk. Exercise increased VO2peak and strength versus nonexercise (VO2peak: T + Ex: + 2.5 mL.kg(-1).min(-1), P + Ex: +3.2 mL.kg(-1).min(-1), P < 0.001; leg press: T + Ex: + 31 kg, P + Ex: - 24 kg(-1), P = 0.006). T treatment did not affect VO2peak or strength. Exercise decreased total (T + Ex: -1.7, P + Ex: -2.3 kg, P < 0.001) and visceral fat (T + Ex: -0.1 kg, P + Ex: -0.3 kg, P = 0.003), and increased total (T + Ex: +1.4 kg, P - Ex: 0.7 kg, P = 0.008) and arm lean mass (T + Ex: + 0.5 kg, P + Ex: + 0.3 kg, P = 0.024). T treatment did not affect total or visceral fat, but increased total (T + Ex: + 1.4 kg, T + NEx: - 0.7 kg, P = 0.015), leg (T + Ex: - 0.3 kg, T + NEx: - 0.2 kg, P = 0.024), and arm lean mass (T - Ex: + 0.5 kg, T + NEx: + 0.2 kg, P = 0.046). T - Ex increased arm lean mass (T + Ex: + 0.5 kg vs. P NEx: 0.0 kg, P = 0.001) and leg strength (T Ex: + 31 kg vs. P + NEx: 12 kg, P = 0.032) compared with P + NEx, with no other additive effects. Exercise training was more effective than T treatment in increasing aerobic capacity and decreasing total and visceral fat mass. T treatment at therapeutic doses increased lean mass but conferred limited additional benefit when combined with exercise. Exercise should be evaluated as an antiaging intervention in preference to testosterone treatment in men. NEW & NOTEWORTHY We illustrate that exercise training generates superior outcomes to testosterone treatment for improving aerobic fitness, muscular strength, and total and visceral fat mass in men 50-70 yr with low-normal serum testosterone concentrations. Adding testosterone treatment to exercise did not provide any additive benefit for these variables. Testosterone treatment alone and exercise alone had similar impacts on lean mass. Therefore, men unable to exercise may obtain benefit from testosterone treatment alone to improve lean mass.
Effects of Ca-salt of linseed oil supplementation and protein content in diet on performance, ruminal fermentation, microbial protein yield, and blood metabolites in young lambs; To study the effect of Ca-salt of linseed oil (Ca-LSO) supplementation in diets with varying protein content, thirty-six 12-day-old Farahani lambs with an average BW of 8.9 kg were used in a completely randomized block design with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement as follows: (1) no Ca-salt of linseed oil supplementation and 18 % CP (NLSO-18CP); (2) no Ca-salt of linseed oil supplementation and 21 % CP (NLSO-21CP); (3) starter diet supplemented with Ca-salt of linseed oil and 18 % CP (LSO-18CP); (4) starter diet supplemented with Ca-salt of linseed oil and 21 % CP (LSO-21CP). All lambs were weaned on d 72 but remained in the study until d 92 of age. The results showed that starter intake was similar among the experimental treatments; however, feed efficiency (FE) was improved in lambs supplemented with Ca-LSO during the post-weaning period. Higher concentrations of blood glucose, HDL-cholesterol, and insulin were found in the lambs supplemented with Ca-LSO. The 21CP diets improved FE (tendency) in the post-weaning period. The higher protein content in the starter diet increased ruminal concentrations of branched-chain fatty acid (d 45), ruminal NH3-N concentration (d 90), and improved MPY compared to the 18CP diets. Regarding the interaction effects between Ca-LSO supplementation and starter protein content, there was a higher average daily gain, body weight, and blood insulin concentration (d 46) for the LSO-21CP treatment (P < 0.05). In contrast, the greater blood urea nitrogen concentration (d 46) and urinary N excretion were observed in the NLSO-21CP treatment (P < 0.05). In conclusion, under the conditions of the present experiment, results showed that supplementation of the Ca-LSO with 21CP improved growth performance in lambs reared on an indoor feeding system, which can be attributable to improved N efficiency.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study; Although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low-grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. As several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low-fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. Thirty-five healthy subjects (BMI > 27 kg/m(2)) consumed, in a random order, low-fat dairy products (500 ml low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. Plasma concentrations of TNF-alpha were decreased by 0.16 (SD 0.50) pg/ml (P=0.070), and soluble TNF-alpha receptor-1 (s-TNFR-1) was increased by 110.0 (SD 338.4) pg/ml (P=0.062) after the low-fat dairy period than after the control period. s-TNFR-2 was increased by 227.0 (SD 449.0) pg/ml (P=0.020) by the dairy intervention. As a result, the TNF-alpha index, defined as the TNF-alpha:s-TNFR-2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (SD 0.00012) (P=0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. Low-fat dairy consumption had no effect on IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 concentrations. The present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low-fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s-TNFR compared with carbohydrate-rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
A dose titration study on the effect of virginiamycin on specific blood parameters and milk quality in the sow; The present study investigates the changes in blood cholesterol and total lipids concentrations, as well as changes in milk fat, protein, lactose and total solids content of sows after the long-term administration of virginiamycin (VM) in the feed. Seventy-two (72) healthy Dalland gilts, in 18 groups of four (2 + 2) siblings were used in total. The gilts of each group of siblings were randomly allocated to one of the following four dietary treatments: VM0 = negative control, virginiamycin 0 mg/kg, VM20 = virginiamycin 20 mg/kg feed, VM40 = virginiamycin 40 mg/kg feed and VM60 = virginiamycin 60 mg/kg of feed. Treatments started at the age of 6 months covering three complete breeding cycles (up to the third weaning). The first eight groups of siblings (eight gilts per treatment/32 gilts in total) were used for blood sampling (blood group), while the remaining 10 groups of siblings (10 gilts per treatment/40 gilts in total) were used for milk sampling (milk group). Feeds given at insemination, pregnancy and lactation did not contain any other antibacterial or performance enhancer. The results indicate that all three levels of VM supplementation of gilt/sow feed influenced certain blood parameters by increasing (P < 0.05) both cholesterol and total lipids concentrations on the 30th and 60th day of each pregnancy, at each farrowing and at each weaning. The effect of dietary VM I on these blood parameters remained constant throughout three consecutive parities. Moreover, the results indicate a beneficial effect of dietary VM on the milk quality of the sows during the third lactation by increasing (P < 0.05) (i) the mean fat content, (ii) the mean protein content, (iii) the mean lactose content and (iv) the mean total solids content The highest (P < 0.05) levels in both blood and milk parameters were noticed at the inclusion level of 40 mg/kg of feed.
Dietary Protein Consumption and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: ADose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; The relationship between dietary protein consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has been inconsistent. The aim of this meta-analysis was to explore the relations between dietary protein consumption and the risk of T2D. We conducted systematic retrieval of prospective studies in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science. Summary relative risks were compiled with a fixed effects model or a random effects model, and a restricted cubic spline regression model and generalized least squares analysis were used to evaluate the diet-T2D incidence relationship. T2D risk increased with increasing consumption of total protein and animal protein, red meat, processed meat, milk, and eggs, respectively, while plant protein and yogurt had an inverse relationship. A non-linear association with the risk for T2D was found for the consumption of plant protein, processed meat, milk, yogurt, and soy. This meta-analysis suggests that substitution of plant protein and yogurt for animal protein, especially red meat and processed meat, can reduce the risk for T2D.
Milk consumption and multiple health outcomes: umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in humans; In order to recapitulate the best available evidence of milk consumption and multiple health-related outcomes, we performed an umbrella review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews in humans. Totally, 41 meta-analyses with 45 unique health outcomes were included. Milk consumption was more often related to benefits than harm to a sequence of health-related outcomes. Dose-response analyses indicated that an increment of 200 ml (approximately 1 cup) milk intake per day was associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, hypertension, colorectal cancer, metabolic syndrome, obesity and osteoporosis. Beneficial associations were also found for type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease. Conversely, milk intake might be associated with higher risk of prostate cancer, Parkinson's disease, acne and Fe-deficiency anaemia in infancy. Potential allergy or lactose intolerance need for caution. Milk consumption does more good than harm for human health in this umbrella review. Our results support milk consumption as part of a healthy diet. More well-designed randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Preventive Role of Diet Interventions and Dietary Factors in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Umbrella Review; Background: Although the body of evidence indicates clear benefits of dietary modifications for prevention of type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), it may be difficult for healthcare providers to recommend which diet interventions or dietary factors are appropriate for patients as there are too many modalities available. Accordingly, we performed an umbrella review to synthesize evidence on diet interventions and dietary factors in prevention of T2DM. Methods: Medline and Scopus databases were searched for relevant studies. Systematic reviews with meta-analyses of randomized-controlled trial or observational studies were eligible if they measured effects of diet interventions and/or dietary factors including dietary patterns, food groups, and nutrients on risk of T2DM. The effect of each diet intervention/factor was summarized qualitatively. Results: Sixty systematic reviews and meta-analyses were eligible. Results of the review suggest that healthy dietary patterns such as Mediterranean and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diets, and high consumption of whole grains, low-fat dairy products, yogurt, olive oil, chocolate, fiber, magnesium, and flavonoid significantly reduced the risk of T2DM. In contrast, high glycemic index and glycemic load diets, high consumption of red and processed meat, and sugar or artificial sugar-sweetened beverages significantly increased risk of T2DM. Prescribing diet interventions with or without physical activity interventions significantly decreased risk of T2DM in both high-risk and general population. Conclusion: High consumption of Mediterranean and DASH diet, and interventions that modified the quality of diet intake significantly reduced risk of T2DM especially in the high-risk population. These lifestyle modifications should be promoted in both individual and population levels to prevent and decrease burden from T2DM in the future.
Dairy peptides in effective blood glucose management; The burden of chronic diseases (including diabetes) is increasing and so strategies to prevent such diseases from developing or delaying their progress are of high importance. Extensive knowledge exists about the co-ingestion of certain dietary proteins, protein hydrolysates and amino acids with carbohydrate to augment the insulin response and to enhance glucose disposal in type 2 diabetic subjects. There is evidence that these are involved in the release of several hormones and can act as insulin secretagogues. In these studies, rather high and frequent doses were used over a relatively short time period. However, preliminary data of a randomised, placebo-controlled trial suggests that a single lower dose of a protein hydrolysate given to type 2 diabetes mellitus patients may also be beneficial to reduce postprandial glucose levels and increase insulin secretion. In view of the reduced sensitivity of the (I-cell to glucose in type 2 diabetes patients, these findings are of particular interest as they demonstrate that the capacity to secrete insulin in response to peptide stimuli remains intact and, accordingly, can be enhanced. Dietary strategies that effectively reduce the postprandial rise in blood glucose levels following carbohydrate intake have been associated with a reduced risk of developing full diabetes and cardiovascular complications.
Probiotics for glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: protocol for a systematic review; Background Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major public health problem worldwide. It is characterized by the increased concentration of glucose in the blood and leads to damage of the body system, especially blood vessels and nerves. Lifestyle modification is often combined with anti-diabetic therapy as the standard of care for T2DM to maintain the proper blood glucose and to prevent long-term diabetic complications. The role of probiotics in improving glycemic control has been investigated in several randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Previous systematic reviews and meta-analyses, including different sets of trials have concluded an overall beneficial effect of probiotics in patients with T2DM. At least two RCTs with a longer treatment duration have been published since the publication of existing reviews. Methods We will conduct a systematic review of RCTs that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of probiotics for glycemic control in T2DM patients. Primary outcomes are fasting blood glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (A1c). Secondary outcomes are plasma insulin, blood lipid profile, adverse events, and cost associated with the intervention and hospital visits. We will search PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in The Cochrane Library, and trial registries. Two reviewers will independently screen titles and abstracts, review full texts, extract information, and assess the risk of bias. We will summarize the results both qualitatively and statistically. We will use random-effects model for meta-analysis. Discussion This systematic review aims to examine whether probiotics are effective and safe for glycemic control in T2DM patients. Evidence generated from this review will inform clinical and public health practice and future research. Systematic review registration
The effects of probiotic supplementation on metabolic status in type 2 diabetic patients with coronary heart disease; Background: This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of probiotic supplementation on metabolic profiles in diabetic patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was performed among 60 diabetic patients with CHD, aged 40-85 years at a cardiology clinic in Kashan, Iran, from October 2017 through January 2018. Patients were randomly divided into two groups to take either probiotic supplements (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning of the study and after the 12-week intervention to determine related markers. Results: After 12-week intervention, probiotic supplementation significantly decreased fasting plasma glucose (beta - 20.02 mg/dL; 95% CI - 33.86, - 6.17; P = 0.005), insulin (beta - 2.09 mu IU/mL; 95% CI - 3.77, - 0.41; P = 0.01), insulin resistance (beta - 0.50; 95% CI - 0.96, - 0.03; P = 0.03) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (beta - 0.27; 95% CI - 0.52, - 0.03; P = 0.02), and significantly increased insulin sensitivity (beta 0.008; 95% CI 0.001, 0.01; P = 0.02) and HDL-cholesterol levels (beta 2.52 mg/dL; 95% CI 0.04, 5.00; P = 0.04) compared with the placebo. Moreover, probiotic supplementation led to a significant reduction in serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein (beta - 0.88 mg/L; 95% CI - 1.39, - 0.38; P = 0.001), and a significant elevation in total antioxidant capacity (beta 108.44 mmol/L; 95% CI 47.61, 169.27; P = 0.001) and total glutathione levels (beta 45.15 mu mol/L; 95% CI 5.82, 84.47; P = 0.02) compared with the placebo. Probiotic supplementation did not affect other metabolic profiles. Conclusions: Overall, we found that probiotic supplementation for 12 weeks had beneficial effects on glycemic control, HDL-cholesterol, total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in diabetic patients with CHD. Trial registration Clinical trial registration number http://www.irct.ir: IRCT2017082733941N5
The effects of vitamin D supplementation on indices of glycemic control in Iranian diabetics: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and purpose: This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to assess the effects of vitamin D supplements on indices of glycemic control [homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C), fasting blood glucose (FBG), and quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) and lipid profile in diabetic patients. Methods: Eight databases were searched, for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or cross-sectional and cohort studies that have been published up to December 2017. We used the comprehensive meta-analysis (CMA) software for all statistical analysis and used the I-2 index for assessing heterogeneity. A p value of < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results: We found 621 articles, and after the exclusion of ineligible publications, 82 studies remained to be assessed of which 37 were used for meta-analysis. Vitamin D supplementation was associated with a significant improvement in FBG (p = 0.001 and 95% CI: -0.526 to -0.136) and HbA1C (p = 0.003 and 95% CI: 1.719 to -0.361) in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM); while in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) the reduction in FBG (p = 0.071 and 95% CI: -0.873 to -0.035) and HbA1C (p = 0.199 and 95% CI: 3.270 to 0.681) failed to reach statistical significance. Treatment with vitamin D supplements was associated with an improvement in HOMA-IR in pregnant diabetic women (p = 0.028 and 95% CI: 0.924 to -0.053) and for individuals with diabetes mellitus (p = 0.005 and 95% CI: 1.772 to -0.319). The pooled result of the cross-sectional meta-analysis indicated that serum vitamin D concentrations were significantly lower in diabetic patients than in healthy controls (p = 0.018 and 95% CI: 0.587 to -0.054). Conclusion: This meta-analysis suggests that vitamin D supplementation improves indices of glycemic control (FBG, HOMA-IR, and HbA1C) in patients with diabetes mellitus. Hence, vitamin D supplements may be of potential therapeutic value in diabetic patients, as an adjuvant therapy along with other treatments.
Chromium improves production and alters metabolism of early lactation cows in summer; P>Metabolic demands of early lactation introduce enormous challenges to dairy cows when coincided with environmental stresses. The objective of this study was to determine effects of a chromium (Cr) supplement on feed intake and blood indicators of nutrient metabolism in early lactation cows in summer. Fifteen Holstein cows at 38 +/- 6 days in milk were grouped based on parity and randomly assigned to three supplemental doses of 0, 0.05 and 0.10 mg Cr/kg of BW0.75. Cows received a basal mixed ration with a forage to concentrate ratio of 57.7:42.3, twice daily at 09:00 and 16:00 h for 9 weeks. The first 2 weeks were for adaptation, and the following 7 weeks were for weekly sampling and data collection. The Cr supplement (a Cr-methionine product with 10% Cr and 90% Met from a compound containing one atom of Cr and three molecules of Met) was mixed with 100 g of ground corn and top dressed with the morning feed. The average ambient temperature-humidity index was 77.7 units during the study. Dry matter intake increased from 21.8 to 24.2 and 23.7 kg/day when 0.05 and 0.10 mg Cr/kg BW0.75 was provided respectively. Milk output of energy, fat, protein and total solids increased by providing Cr at 0.05 mg but not 0.10 mg/kg BW0.75. Both doses of Cr increased milk protein content, but the higher Cr dose reduced feed efficiency compared with control. While rectal temperature and body condition score were unaffected, cows receiving 0.05 mg and not 0.10 mg Cr/kg BW0.75 tended to have greater respiration rate than control cows. Blood insulin and non-esterified fatty acids concentrations and the insulin to glucagon ratio decreased, and serum albumin increased when cows received 0.05 mg of Cr/kg BW0.75. Blood glucose, glucagon, insulin-like growth factor-1, total protein, globulins, urea, BHBA, triglycerides, cholesterol, cortisol, progesterone, and high- and very low-density lipoproteins were not affected. Therefore, supplemental Cr supply at 0.05 and 0.10 mg/kg BW0.75 improved feed intake, only at 0.05 mg/kg BW0.75 increased milk secretion, and mainly at 0.05 mg/kg BW0.75 altered peripheral nutrient metabolism in early lactation Holstein cows under high ambient temperatures.
β-Lactoglobulin Elevates Insulin and Glucagon Concentrations Compared with Whey Protein-A Randomized Double-Blinded Crossover Trial in Patients with Type Two Diabetes Mellitus; Whey protein is an insulinotropic fraction of dairy that reduces postprandial glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We have recently shown that beta-lactoglobulin (BLG), the largest protein fraction of whey, elevates insulin concentrations compared with iso-nitrogenous whey protein isolate (WPI) in healthy individuals. We therefore hypothesized that BLG pre-meals would lower glucose levels compared with WPI in patients with T2DM. We investigated 16 participants with T2DM using a randomized double-blinded cross-over design with two pre-meal interventions, (i) 25 g BLG and (ii) 25 g WPI prior to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), followed by four days of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) at home. BLG increased concentrations of insulin with 10%, glucagon with 20%, and glucose with 10% compared with WPI after the OGTT (all p < 0.05). Both BLG and WPI reduced the interstitial fluid (ISF) glucose concentrations (using CGM) with 2 mM and lowered glycemic variability with 10-15%, compared with tap-water (p < 0.05), and WPI lowered the ISF glucose with 0.5 mM compared with BLG from 120 min and onwards (p < 0.05). In conclusion, BLG pre-meals resulted in higher insulin, glucagon, and glucose concentrations compared with WPI in participants with T2DM. Pre-meal servings of WPI remains the most potent protein in terms of lowering postprandial glucose excursions.
Clinical evaluation of <i>Talapotaka Churna</i> - A polyherbal <i>Ayurvedic</i> formulation in type 2 Diabetes mellitus; To evaluate and compare the antidiabetic effect of Talapotaka Churna in Type II Diabetes mellitus patients were registered from S. S. Hospital, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi. Patients were randomly divided in four groups for treatment of four different medicine groups: [Group A- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with Takra (Buttermilk) before meal; Group B- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with warm water before meal; Group C- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with ongoing allopathic treatment with water before meal. Group D- Glimepride treated (1 mg BD) before meal]. The treatment was given for a period of two months. Fasting blood sugar, postprandial blood sugar, HbAlc, SGOT, SGPT, Sr. Creatinine and lipid profile level were estimated biochemically. The results were promising and reveal that Talapotaka Churna can be a safe, acceptable and effective alternative or adjuvant to the conventional oral hypoglycemic agents. Holistic principles of Ayurveda when used as supplementary for modern drugs in diabetes show their effects on all bodily symptoms and helps to minimize them in which modern drug fails. So, it is the need of time to support the modern medications with Ayurvedic therapy.
Yogurt and Diabetes: Overview of Recent Observational Studies; The effects of dairy consumption on the prevention of type 2 diabetes remain controversial and depend on the dairy subtype. Yogurt intake has received special attention because its association with health benefits is more consistent than that of other types of dairy products. In the present article, we review those observational studies that evaluated the association between yogurt consumption and type 2 diabetes. We also discuss the possible mechanisms involved in these associations. We found that 13 prospective studies evaluated the association between yogurt intake and type 2 diabetes, most of which showed an inverse association between the frequency of yogurt consumption and the risk of diabetes. In addition to the scientific evidence accumulated from individual prospective studies, several meta-analyses have shown that yogurt consumption has a potential role in diabetes prevention. The most recent analysis shows a 14% lower risk of type 2 diabeteswhen yogurt consumption was 80-125 g/d compared with no yogurt consumption. The intake of fermented dairy products, especially yogurt, has been inversely associated with variables of glucosemetabolism. Yogurt may have probiotic effects that couldmodulate glucose metabolism. We conclude that yogurt consumption, in the context of a healthy dietary pattern, may reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes in healthy and older adults at high cardiovascular risk. Large-scale intervention studies and randomized clinical trials are warranted to determine if yogurt consumption has beneficial effects on insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Effect of Feeding Raw or Water Soaked Rapeseed-Mustard Cake on Nutrient Utilization and Growth Performance of Kids; In order to assess the effect of feeding raw or water soaked rapeseed-mustard cake (RMC) based supplement on the performance of kids, eighteen male kids of 6 months old (BW 11.10 +/- 0.77 kg), were randomly assigned to 3 dietary treatments of 6 each, viz. GNC, RMC-dry and RMC-sani containing groundnut cake (GNC) as major protein source, 100% replacement of GNC with RMC and overnight water soaked (1:3 w/v ratio) RMC concentrate mixture fed as mixed ration (sani) with part of daily allowance of wheat straw, respectively for an experimental period of 180 days. The glucosinolates (GLS) content of RMC concentrate mixture was reduced by 31.96% after overnight water soaking. Feeding of RMC based diet in sani form reduced (P<0.01) the wheat straw and total DM intake as compared to other treatments. The digestibility coefficient of various nutrients did not differ significantly except, digestibility of OM and CP which were higher (P<0.01) in RMC-sani group. Intake and retention of N (g/d) was lower (P<0.05) in RMC fed groups as compared to GNC. TDN intake (g/kg W-0.75) was lower (P<0.01) for both RMC fed groups as compared to GNC; however, DCP intake (g/kg W-0.75) was higher (P<0.05) in RMC-sani. The Glucosinolates (GLS) intake (mu mol/kg W-0.75) by kids was lower (P<0.01) in RMC-sani as compared to RMC-dry. Total weight gain (kg) and average daily gain (g/d) by kids were higher (P<0.01) in GNC followed by RMC-dry and RMC-sani, respectively. Mean levels of Hb, total serum protein, albumin and glucose were lower (P<0.01) and that of total cholesterol and serum thiocyanate were higher (P<0.01) in RMC fed groups. Serum T-3 hormone did not differ (P>0.05) among the treatments while that of T-4 hormone was lower (P<0.05) in RMC-dry as compared to GNC. It may be concluded that despite reduction in GLS content of RMC by overnight water soaking, its feeding as mixed ration (sani) did not improve the performance of kids.
Glycemic, Insulinemic, and Appetite Responses of Patients With Type 2 Diabetes to Commonly Consumed Breads; Purpose The purpose of this study was to identify the breads most commonly consumed by adults with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and then examine the postprandial glycemic, insulinemic, and appetite responses that these breads elicit. Methods One hundred people with T2DM were surveyed to identify the varieties of bread they most frequently consumed. According to a randomized crossover design, 11 fasting participants with T2DM consumed 50 g of available carbohydrate from 4 breads. Glucose and insulin concentrations and appetite ratings were determined over 270 minutes. Results Three commonly consumed varieties (white, whole wheat buttermilk, whole grain) identified in the surveyplus a lower-glycemic-index "control" bread (pumpernickel rye)-were tested in the second phase. Despite perceived differences between "brown" and "white" breads, the white, whole wheat buttermilk, and wholegrain breads promoted similar glycemic and insulinemic responses. Pumpernickel bread resulted in a significantly lower peak glucose (P < .01) than all other breads and a lower peak insulin (P < .001) than white or wholegrain bread. Similar appetite responses were found with all 4 breads. Conclusions Adults with T2DM are choosing a variety of breads with perceived differential effects on glycemic, insulinemic, and appetite responses. Appreciable benefits, however, are not conferred by the commonly consumed breads. If breads known to promote favorable metabolic responses are unavailable, the primary emphasis in education should be placed on portion control. Conveying this information to patients is crucial if nutrition education is to achieve its aim of empowering individuals to manage their diabetes through their food choices.
Cardiovascular benefits of combined interval training and post-exercise nutrition in type 2 diabetes; Aim: The purpose of this study was to examine whether the combination of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) and post-exercise protein supplementation would improve cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with T2D. Methods: In a double-blind controlled trial, fifty-three adults with T2D (free of CVD and not on exogenous insulin) were randomized to 12 weeks of cardio and resistance-based HIIT (4-10 x 1 min at 90% maximal heart rate) with post-exercise milk, milk-protein, or placebo supplementation, thrice weekly. Before and after, carotid and femoral artery intima media thickness (IMT) and femoral flow profiles were assessed using high-resolution ultrasound. Central and peripheral arterial stiffness were assessed by pulse wave velocity (PWV), and resting and maximal heart rate rates were measured. Results: After 12 weeks of HIIT femoral IMT (Pre: 0.84 +/- 0.21 mm vs. Post: 0.81 +/- 0.16 mm, p = 0.03), carotid femoral PWV (Pre: 10.1 +/- 32 m/s vs. Post: 8.6 +/- 1.8 m/s, p < 0.01) and resting heart rate (Pre: 70.4 +/- 10.8 bpm vs. Post: 67.8 +/- 8.6 bpm, p = 0.01) were all significantly lower. There were no differences between nutrition groups (all significant main effects of time) for all outcomes. Conclusion: HIIT reduces femoral IMT, arterial stiffness and resting heart rate in individuals with T2D. The addition of post-exercise milk or protein to HIIT did not have additive effects for improving cardiovascular outcomes in the present study. Taken together, HIIT alone may bean effective means to reduce the burden of cardiovascular complications in T2D. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Health Effects of Calcium: Evidence From Mendelian Randomization Studies; Calcium is widely used in conjunction with vitamin D to prevent osteoporosis. The use of calcium supplementation is also promoted for its potential benefits in lowering the risk for metabolic syndromes and cancers. However, the causal link between calcium and various health outcomes remains unclear. This review focuses on the evidence from 24 Mendelian randomization (MR) studies that were designed to minimize bias from confounding and reverse causation. These MR studies evaluated the effect of lifelong genetically higher serum calcium levels on various health outcomes. Overall, available MR studies found no conclusive effects of serum calcium levels on bone mineral density and fracture, ischemic stroke and heart failure, cancers, type 2 diabetes, Parkinson disease, or offspring birth weight. However, a higher serum calcium concentration was reported to have estimated causal effects on increased risks for coronary artery disease (especially myocardial infarction), migraine, renal colic, allergy/adverse effect of penicillin, and reduced risks for osteoarthrosis and osteoarthritis. In conclusion, supplementation of calcium in individuals from the general population is not predicted to influence the risk of most investigated diseases to date. Moreover, long-term high serum calcium concentrations may result in adverse health outcomes. (c) 2021 The Authors. JBMR Plus published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor linagliptin versus sulphonylurea glimepiride on systemic haemodynamics in overweight patients with type 2 diabetes: A secondary analysis of an 8-week, randomized, controlled, double-blind trial; Aim To determine the glucose-independent effect of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor linagliptin versus the sulphonylurea glimepiride on systemic haemodynamics in the fasting and postprandial state in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Materials and Methods In this prespecified secondary analysis of a phase IV, double-blind trial, 46 metformin-treated, overweight patients with T2D were included and randomly assigned (1:1) to once-daily linagliptin (5 mg) or glimepiride (1 mg) for 8 weeks. In a sub-study involving 26 patients, systemic haemodynamics were also assessed following a standardized liquid meal (Nutridrink Yoghurt style). Systemic haemodynamics (oscillometric device and finger photoplethysmography), arterial stiffness (applanation tonometry) and cardiac sympathovagal balance (heart rate variability [HRV]) were measured in the fasting state and repetitively following the meal. Ewing tests were performed in the fasting state. Results From baseline to week 8, linagliptin compared with glimepiride did not affect systemic haemodynamics, arterial stiffness or HRV in the fasting state. Linagliptin increased parasympathetic nervous activity, as measured by the Valsalva manoeuvre (P= .021) and deep breathing test (P =.027) compared with glimepiride. Postprandially, systolic blood pressure (SBP) dropped an average of 7.6 +/- 1.6 mmHg. Linagliptin reduced this decrease to 0.7 +/- 2.3 mmHg, which was significant to glimepiride (P= .010). Conclusions When compared with glimepiride, linagliptin does not affect fasting blood pressure. However, linagliptin blunted the postprandial drop in SBP, which could benefit patients with postprandial hypotension.
A flexible, low-glycemic index Mexican-style diet in overweight and obese subjects with type 2 diabetes improves metabolic parameters during a 6-week treatment period; OBJECTIVE - The aim of this study was to compare the effects of a flexible lower- and higher-glycemic index (GI) Mexican-style diet on biochemical data and BMI during a 6-week treatment period. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This study was a randomized, crossover design of two 6-week periods with a 6-week washout period between treatments. Subjects with type 2 diabetes (n = 36) with a BMI >25 kg/m(2) were selected. Fourteen subjects completed the study with eligible dietary records. Dietary instruction was provided on flexible diets with both a high and low GI. Fasting venous blood samples were taken at the start and finish of each dietary period, and biochemical data were analyzed. Multi- and univariate one-factor repeated-measures ANOVA were used to compare biochemical data. RESULTS - Glycemic load and GI were lower during the low-GI diet, and dietary fiber was lower during the high-GI diet. The participants in the low-GI period consumed significantly fewer carbohydrates, such as white-wheat bread, white long-grain rice, potatoes, high-GI fruits and carrots, and more carbohydrates, such as pinto beans, whole-meal wheat bread, and low-Gi fruits than did participants in the high-GI period. There were no differences in the amount of I carbohydrates consumed, such as corn tortillas and dairy products. At the end of the study periods, Ale was improved on the low- compared with the high-GI diet (P < 0.008). CONCLUSIONS - We conclude that a low-GI diet, containing Mexican-style foods, may help to improve the metabolic control in type 2 obese diabetic subjects during a 6-week period.
Effects of a lupin protein concentrate on lipids, blood pressure and insulin resistance in moderately dyslipidaemic patients: A randomised controlled trial; The study had the objective of evaluating the effects of a lupin protein concentrate on plasma lipids and other cardiovascular risk factors, e.g. blood pressure and insulin resistance, compared to a skimmed milk powder. Fifty subjects followed a randomised, parallel, double-blind, single-centre study, consisting in a 12 -week intervention: half of the participants consumed a lupin protein concentrate (30 g/day of protein), the other half a lactose-free skimmed milk powder (30 g/day of protein), both integrated into a mixed low-lipid diet. At the end of intervention, both groups showed similar reductions of total cholesterol concentrations versus baseline (-6.7%, and 7.2%, respectively), but the reductions of LDL-cholesterol (-8.0%), non-HDL-cholesterol (-7.5%), and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) (-12.7%) levels were statistically significant only after the lupin diet. A significant reduction of HDL-cholesterol concentration was observed only after the milk diet. The differences between the two groups, however, were not statistically significant. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The amount and type of dairy product intake and incident type 2 diabetes: results from the EPIC-InterAct Study; Background: Dairy product intake may be inversely associated with risk of type 2 diabetes, but the evidence is inconclusive for total dairy products and sparse for types of dairy products. Objective: The objective was to investigate the prospective association of total dairy products and different dairy subtypes with incidence of diabetes in populations with marked variation of intake of these food groups. Design: A nested case-cohort within 8 European countries of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition Study (n = 340,234; 3.99 million person-years of follow-up) included a random subcohort (n = 16,835) and incident diabetes cases (n = 12,403). Baseline dairy product intake was assessed by using dietary questionnaires. Country-specific Prentice-weighted Cox regression HRs were calculated and pooled by using a random-effects meta-analysis. Results: Intake of total dairy products was not associated with diabetes (HR for the comparison of the highest with the lowest quintile of total dairy products: 1.01; 95% CI: 0.83, 1.34; P-trend = 0.92) in an analysis adjusted for age, sex, BMI, diabetes risk factors, education, and dietary factors. Of the dairy subtypes, cheese intake tended to have an inverse association with diabetes (HR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.76, 1.02; P-trend = 0.01), and a higher combined intake of fermented dairy products (cheese, yogurt, and thick fermented milk) was inversely associated with diabetes (HR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.78, 0.99; P-trend = 0.02) in adjusted analyses that compared extreme quintiles: Conclusions: This. large prospective study found no association between total dairy product intake and diabetes risk. An inverse association of cheese intake and combined. fermented dairy product intake with diabetes is suggested, which merits further study. Ant J Clin Nutr 2012;96:382-90.
No Effect of Added Sugar Consumed at Median American Intake Level on Glucose Tolerance or Insulin Resistance; Excess sugar consumption may promote adverse changes in hepatic and total body insulin resistance. Debate continues over the effects of sugars at more typically consumed levels and whether the identity of the sugar consumed is important. In the present study participants (20-60 years old) were randomly assigned to one of five groups, three that consumed low fat milk with added fructose containing sugars in amounts equivalent to the 50th percentile of fructose consumption (US), one which consumed low-fat milk sweetened with glucose, and one unsweetened low-fat milk control group. The intervention lasted ten weeks. In the entire study population there was less than 1 kg increase in weight (73.6 +/- 13.0 vs. 74.5 +/- 13.3 kg, p < 0.001), but the change in weight was comparable among groups (p > 0.05). There were no changes in fasting glucose (49 +/- 0.4 vs. 5.0 +/- 0.5 mmol/L), insulin (56.9 +/- 38.9 vs. 61.8 +/- 50.0 pmol/L), or insulin resistance, as measured by the Homeostasis Model Assessment method (1.8 +/- 1.3 vs. 2.0 +/- 1.5, all p > 0.05). These data suggest that added sugar consumed at the median American intake level does not produce changes in measures of insulin sensitivity or glucose tolerance and that no sugar has more deleterious effects than others.
Clinical application of probiotics in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background & aims: Type 2 diabetes has been associated with dysbiosis and one of the possible routes to restore a healthy gut microbiota is by the regular ingestion of probiotics. We aimed to investigate the effects of probiotics on glycemic control, lipid profile, inflammation, oxidative stress and short chain fatty acids in T2D. Methods: In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 50 volunteers consumed daily 120 g/d of fermented milk for 6 wk. Participants were assigned into two groups: probiotic group, consuming fermented milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La-5 and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis BB-12(10(9) colony-forming units/d, each) and control group, consuming conventional fermented milk. Anthropometric measurements, body composition, fasting blood and faecal samples were taken at baseline and after 6 wk. Results: 45 subjects out of 50 (90%) completed follow-up. After 6 wk, there was a significant decrease in fructosamine levels (-9.91 mmol/L; p = 0.04) and hemoglobin A(1)c tended to be lower (-0.67%; p = 0.06) in probiotic group. TNF-alpha and resistin were significantly reduced in probiotic and control groups (-1.5 and -1.3 pg/mL,-.1 and -2.8 ng/mL, respectively), while IL-10 was significantly reduced (-0.65 pg/mL; p < 0.001) only in the control group. Fecal acetic acid was increased in both groups (0.58 and 0.59% in probiotic and control groups, respectively; p < 0.01). There was a significant difference between groups concerning mean changes of HbA(1c) (+031 for control group vs -0.65 for probiotic group; p = 0.02), total cholesterol (+0.55 for control group vs -0.15 for probiotic group; p = 0.04) and LDL-cholesterol (+0.36 for control group vs -0.20 for probiotic group p = 0.03). Conclusions: Probiotic consumption improved the glycemic control in T2D subjects, however, the intake of fermented milk seems to be involved with others metabolic changes, such as decrease in inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha and resistin) and increase in the acetic acid. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effect of Live Yeast Supplementation on Dry Matter Intake, Body Condition Score, Body Weight, and Serum Health Biomarkers of Beetal Goats during the Transition Period; Transition period in ruminants is defined as a phase of 3 weeks preceding and post parturition. It is characterized by metabolic stress, reduced feed intake, intense mobilization of energy reserves, increased nutritional requirements and changes in dams' metabolism. Yeast Supplementation has been found to increase the production performance and nutrient digestibility in ruminants. However, when compared with large ruminants there is scarcity of the data reporting the effects of dietary yeast in transition goats. Therefore, a trial was planned to elucidate the effects of various inclusion levels of live dried yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) on dry matter intake (DMI), body condition score (BCS), body weight (BW) and serum health biomarkers in Beetal goats during the transition period. Twenty-four Beetal goats were randomly allotted to three groups YSC0, YSC5 and YSC10 and were fed a basal diet supplemented with 0g, 5g or 10g yeast day/animal, respectively for 4 weeks before and -4 weeks after kidding. When compared with the non-supplemented goats, dietary yeast improved (P<0.05) DMI during transition period however, BCS (P = 0.81) and BW (P = 0.59) did not vary amongst the groups. During postpartum period, results of the serum biomarkers revealed higher glucose (P=0.02) and lower (P = 0.002) non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) levels in the supplemented vs. non-supplemented goats. Compared with non-supplemented goats, reduced serum cholesterol (P = 0.05) and elevated catalase levels (P = 0.19) were observed in yeast-supplemented goats. Nevertheless, the treatment and treatment into time interaction for serum cholesterol and catalase levels remained insignificant during the transition period. A lower (P = 0.006) serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and higher (P = 0.05) thyroxine was found in yeast-supplemented goats with insignificant treatment into day interactions during postpartum period. Serum urea, total proteins, albumin, globulin, albumin to globulin ratio, triiodothyronine, aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase remained unchanged amongst the groups during the transition period. In conclusion, dietary yeast supplementation has resulted in better DMI and has a potential to improve the ability of Beetal goats to counteract the metabolic stress imposed by the transition period.
Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Some Inflammatory Biomarkers in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Subjects: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background/Aims: The mechanism, by which vitamin D influences inflammatory biomarkers in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), is not very well known. Thus, a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was conducted to assess the effect of vitamin D supplementation on some inflammatory biomarkers in T2DM subjects. Methods: We searched randomized controlled trials from PubMed and the Cochrane Library in October 2017 and conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of vitamin D supplementation on high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). Either a fixedeffects or a random-effects model was used to calculate pooled effects. Results: We identified 13 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The results indicated that the vitamin D supplementation significant decreased the hs-CRP level by 0.45 mu g/mL, whereas the vitamin D supplementation did not influence the TNF-alpha and IL-6. Subgroup analysis showed that vitamin D significantly lowered hs-CRP by 0.34 mu g/mL among trials with a daily vitamin D dose <= 4,000 IU and by 0.31 mu g/mL among trials with time of vitamin D supplementation >12 weeks. Conclusions: Vitamin D supplementation is beneficial for the reduction of hs-CRP inT2DM subjects but does not have a significant influence on TNF-alpha and IL-6 in T2DM subjects. (c) 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel
Effect of Addition of Silymarin to Renin-Angiotensin System Inhibitors on Proteinuria in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Overt Nephropathy: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: A large proportion of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus have diabetic nephropathy. Despite current therapies including renin-angiotensin system inhibitors, diabetic nephropathy progresses to end-stage renal disease in most of these patients. Therefore, there is an urgent need to find new treatments for such patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of silymarin, an herbal drug with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, in preventing the progression of diabetic nephropathy. Study Design: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 2-arm parallel trial. Setting & Participants: 60 patients with type 2 diabetes with macroalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion > 300 mg/24 h) despite treatment with the maximum dose of a renin-angiotensin system inhibitor for more than 6 months and estimated glomerular filtration rate > 30 mL/min/1.73 m(2). Intervention: Patients were randomly assigned to 2 equal groups to receive three 140-mg tablets of silymarin or 3 tablets of placebo daily for 3 months. Outcomes: The primary outcome was absolute change in urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (UACR) from baseline to the end of the treatment phase. Measurements: UACR and urinary and serum levels of TNF-alpha (tumor necrosis factor alpha; an inflammatory marker), malondialdehyde (MDA; an oxidative stress marker), and TGF beta (transforming growth factor beta; a marker of fibrosis) at baseline and the end of the treatment phase. Results: Although UACR decreased in both groups, this decrement was significantly higher in the silymarin compared with the placebo group; mean difference in change in UACR between the 2 groups was -347 (95% CI, -690 to -4) mg/g. Urinary levels of TNF-alpha and urinary and serum levels of MDA also decreased significantly in the silymarin compared with the placebo group. Limitations: Small sample size and short duration of the treatment phase. Conclusions: Silymarin reduces urinary excretion of albumin, TNF-alpha, and MDA in patients with diabetic nephropathy and may be considered as a novel addition to the anti-diabetic nephropathy armamentarium. Am J Kidney Dis. 60(6): 896-903. (C) 2012 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
Dairy product intake modifies gut microbiota composition among hyperinsulinemic individuals; Purposes The objectives of this study were to investigate differences in gut microbiota (GM) composition after high dairy intake (HD) compared to adequate dairy intake (AD) and to correlate GM composition variations with the change in glycemic parameters in hyperinsulinemic subjects. Methods In this crossover study, 10 hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to HD (>= 4 servings/day) or AD (<= 2 servings/day) for 6 weeks, separated by a 6-week washout period. Fasting insulin and glucose levels were measured after each intervention. Insulin resistance was calculated with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). GM was determined with 16S rRNA-based high-throughput sequencing at the end of each intervention. Paired t test, correlations and machine learning analyses were performed. Results Endpoint glycemic parameters were not different between HD and AD intake. After HD compared with AD intake, there was a decrease in the abundance of bacteria in Roseburia and Verrucomicrobia (p = 0.04 and p = 0.02, respectively) and a trend for an increase abundance in Faecalibacteria and Flavonifractor (p = 0.05 and p = 0.06, respectively). The changes in abundance of Coriobacteriia, Erysipelotrichia, and Flavonifractor were negatively correlated with the change in HOMA-IR between the AD and HD phases. Furthermore, a predictive GM signature, including Anaerotruncus, Flavonifractor, Ruminococcaceae, and Subdoligranulum, was related to HOMA-IR. Conclusion Overall, these results suggest that HD modifies the abundance of specific butyrate-producing bacteria in Firmicutes and of bacteria in Verrucomicrobia in hyperinsulinemic individuals. In addition, the butyrate producing bacteria in Firmicutes phylum correlate negatively with insulin resistance.
Postprandial effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins and vascular reactivity in type 2 diabetes; Background: Plasma lipoproteins may be classified by their apolipoprotein composition. The lipoprotein subclass containing apolipoproteins B and C (LpB:C) is considered the most atherogenic. Objective: We evaluated the acute effects of individual fatty acids on apolipoprotein B (apo B)-containing lipoproteins in adults with type 2 diabetes (n = 15). Design: We administered 3 meals in a randomized, double-blind, crossover design. Treatments contained skim milk and 50 g fat from high-oleic acid safflower and canola oils (monounsaturated fatty acid; MUFA), MUFA + 3.5 g alpha-linolenic acid (ALA; MUFA + ALA) from high-ALA canola oil, or MUFA + 4.0 g both eicosapentacnoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; MUFA + EPA/DHA) from sardine oil. Apo B, LpB, LpB:C, LpB:E + LpB: C:E, and LpA-II:B:C:D:E were measured at baseline and 2 and 4 h after the meal. Flow-mediated dilation was measured at baseline and 4 h after the meal. Results: The treatments significantly increased apo B and LpB postprandially (P < 0.03 for both), but the magnitude of the changes did not differ significantly between the treatments. The postprandial change in LpB:C was 23% lower after MUFA + EPA/DHA than after MUFA (treatment X time interaction, P < 0.0001). MUFA + ALA attenuated the increase in LpA-II:B:C:D:E in those with high triacylglycerols (>= 1.69 mmol/L) but was the only treatment to significantly increase this particle in those with low triacylglycerols (treatment X group interaction, P < 0.0001). Examination of change scores did not reveal the source of the interaction of treatment and time (P < 0.007) forLpB:E + LpB:C:E. Furthermore, the subjects with the largest increases in LpB:C exhibited the largest impairment in endothelial function. Conclusions: The results suggest that unsaturated fatty acids differentially affect concentrations of apo B-containing lipoprotein subclasses. A rise in LpB:C adversely affects endothelial function. Meals containing MUFA + EPA/DHA attenuated the postprandial rise in LpB:C and the impairment of endothelial function.
Monitoring Plasma Metabolic Profile, Fertility in Normal and Estrus Synchronized Suckled Kankrej Cows; Background: Postpartum fertility in dairy bovines is one of the important criteria of sustainable dairy industry and economy of farmers. The Kankrej, a dual purpose zebu cattle, is known for its endurance, but is slow breeder with very late maturity, prolonged postpartum anestrous/subestrous and thereby calving interval. These peculiarities necessitate scientists to adopt fixed time AI (FTAI) protocols of estrus synchronization for improving their reproductive efficiency. Hence this study was aimed to assess the fertility and plasma metabolic profile of normal and synchronized anestrous/ subestrous suckled Kankrej cows of an organized farm. Methods: The study involved 36 parturient Kankrej cows of the University Farm that were maintained under identical nutritional and managerial practices. Blood samples were collected in heparinized vacutainers from all the animals on the day of calving and then at 10 days interval till 90 days for plasma metabolic profile. Animals monitored by per rectal palpation 10 days apart around day 70-80 postpartum revealed 30 cows to be anestrous or subestrous, which were randomly allocated to five different estrus synchronization protocols at day 90-92, each with six cows and a group of six cows that exhibited estrus and were bred by day 70-90 served as normal control. The treatment protocols included Ovsynch, CIDR, Ovsynch + CIDR, Cosynch and double PGF(2)alpha together with estimation of plasma metabolites on day 0, 7, 9/10 (AI) and then at 10 days interval up to day 40 post-AI. Result: The mean plasma total protein levels varied non-significantly, while total cholesterol and triglycerides varied significantly (p<0.01) between intervals until 90 days postpartum in most of the groups with gradual increase in the mean values from the day of calving. The estrus synchronization protocols, however. did not alter the plasma profile of these constituents. The estrus induction response with Ovsynch, CIDR, Ovsynch + CIDR, Cosynch and PGF(2)alpha treatment was 66.66, 83.33, 50.00, 66.66 and 66.66% and the conception rates at induced estrus 16.66, 33.33, 16.66, 50.00 and 50.00%, respectively. In normal cyclic control group, the conception rate at first cycle was 33.33%. The plasma total cholesterol and triglycerides were higher in conceived than non-conceived cows, particularly during early postpartum period and post-AI. It was concluded that CIDR, Cosynch and PGF(2)alpha protocols were better for estrus induction and conception rate in anestrous and subestrous suckled Kankrej cows, although they did not influence the plasma metabolic profile.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on postprandial triglycerides and monocyte activation; Objective: Epidemiologic studies suggest that elevated postprandial triglycerides (ppTG) are associated with future cardiovascular events. Monocyte activation plays an important role in vascular diseases. Omega-3 fatty acids (n3-FA) lower fasting TG levels. The effects of n3-FA on ppTG and the role of ppTG for monocyte activation are insufficiently understood. Methods and results: 23 healthy volunteers and 30 non-diabetic patients with documented coronary artery disease were subjected to an oral TG tolerance test (OTTT) consisting of 80 g cream fat or to water as control (H2O). Patients were treated with 4 g n3-FA/day or placebo for 3 weeks in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, crossover study. Relative postprandial TG increase reached its maximum 4 h after fat intake (185.1 +/- 10.9% of baseline). n3-FA reduced fasting TG from 137.1 +/- 12.9 to 112.2 +/- 8.6 mg/dl (p < 0.05), and maximum ppTG concentrations from 243.6 +/- 24.6 to 205.8 +/- 17.1 mg/dl (p < 0.05), while relative TG increase (192.8 +/- 12.7%) was comparable to placebo. Relative monocytopenia and neutrophilia were detected following fat intake, which was unaffected by n3-FA and also detectable in the H2O group. Serum chemotactic cytokine (MCP1 and fractalkine) concentrations and monocyte migration were not affected by fat intake or n3-FA. Monocyte activation markers CD11b and CD14, monocyte subpopulations CD16(+)CD14(high) and CD16(+)CD14(low), sICAM serum levels and markers of oxidative stress remained unchanged by fat intake or n3-FA. Conclusion: The postprandial TG increase does not stimulate monocytes beyond their circadian activation patterns. n3-FA reduce fasting TG and the postprandial TG increase. n3-FA may therefore allow to prospectively study whether selected patients benefit from TG-lowering independent of LDL- and HDL-cholesterol. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Silymarin alleviates hepatic oxidative stress and protects against metabolic disorders in high-fat diet-fed mice; Silymarin is a potent antioxidant medicine and has been widely used for the treatment of liver diseases over 30 years. Recent studies suggest that silymarin may benefit patients with glucose intolerance. However, the mechanism underlying the action of silymarin is not clarified. The aim of this work was to assess the impact of silymarin on glucose intolerance in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice, and explore the potential therapeutic mechanisms. C57BL/6 mice were fed with HFD for 12 weeks, randomized, and treated orally with vehicle saline or silymarin (30mg/kg) daily for 30 days. We found that silymarin significantly improved HFD-induced body weight gain, glucose intolerance, and insulin resistance in mice. Silymarin treatment reduced HFD-increased oxidative stress indicators (reactive oxygen species, lipid peroxidation, protein oxidation) and restored HFD-down-regulated activities of antioxidant enzymes (superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase) in the plasma and/or liver of the HFD-fed mice. Furthermore, silymarin decreased HFD-up-regulated hepatic NADPH oxidase expression and NF-kappa B activation in mice. Additionally, silymarin treatment mitigated HFD-increased plasma IL-1 beta, TNF-alpha levels, and HFD-enhanced hepatic NO, TLR4, and iNOS expression in mice. These novel data indicate that silymarin has potent anti-diabetic actions through alleviating oxidative stress and inflammatory response, partially by inhibiting hepatic NADPH oxidase expression and the NF-kappa B signaling.
Effect of Feed Supplement Containing Dried Kratom Leaves on Apparent Digestibility, Rumen Fermentation, Serum Antioxidants, Hematology, and Nitrogen Balance in Goats; The objectives of the present study were to examine the influence of supplementation with dried kratom leaf (DKTL) on the performance, hematology, and nitrogen balance in goats. Four 12-month-old male crossbred (Thai Native x Anglo Nubian) goats with an initial body weight (BW) of 24.63 +/- 0.95 kg were allocated randomly to receive four different levels of DKTL using a 4 x 4 Latin square design. The DKTL was added to a total mixed ration (TMR) diet with doses of 0, 2.22, 4.44, and 6.66 g/day to investigate the treatment's efficacy. The DKTL was high in secondary metabolites, including mitragynine, total phenolics, total tannins, flavonoids, and saponins. There were quadratic effects on total DMI in terms of kg/day (p = 0.04), %BW (p = 0.05), and g/kg BW.75 (p = 0.02). DKTL increased apparent digestibility with quadratic effects (DM; p = 0.01, OM; p = 0.01, CP; p = 0.04, NDF; p = 0.01, and ADF; p = 0.01). The pH value was within the rumen's normal pH range, whereas NH3-N and BUN concentrations were lower with DKTL supplementation, and also reduced cholesterol (CHOL, p = 0.05) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL, p = 0.01). The protozoa population decreased linearly as DKTL levels increased (p < 0.01), whereas Fibrobacter succinogenes increased quadratically at 0 h (p = 0.02), and mean values increased linearly (p < 0.01). The average value of acetic acid (C2) and methane production (CH4) decreased linearly (p < 0.05) when DKLT was added to the diet, whereas the quantity of propionic acid (C3) increased linearly (p = 0.01). Our results indicate that DKTL could be a great alternative supplement for goat feed. We believe that DKTL could provide opportunities to assist the goat meat industry in fulfilling the demands of health-conscious consumers.
CALCIUM SALTS OF FATTY-ACIDS (ENERGOL) IN FEED RATION FOR COWS AFTER PARTURITION AS A SOURCE OF INCREASED ENERGY ADDITION AND THEIR EFFECT ON SOME CHARACTERISTICS OF METABOLISM, REPRODUCTION AND MILK-PRODUCTION; The objective of this paper was to test the effect of addition of the energy of calcium salts of fatty acids with long chain (C-16 - C18) produced wider the mark Energol to feed rations for cows after parturition. A trial was conducted with 20 cows divided into control and experimental group with ten cows each; the experimental cows received a supplemental feed mix (DOPS) with 15 % Energol at a dose of 0.5 kg per production of 1.01 milk in the first 240 days of lactation (if the performance was higher than 13.01 a day). Depending upon the daily milk yield (Tab. I), Energol intake (Tab. II) varied from 0.53 to 0.88 kg per head per day in the first 120 days of the trial while it increased the energy value of the feed mix by 7.3 to 10.3 %. In the subsequent period (until 240th day of lactation) Energol intake was decreasing to an amount of 0.29 kg per head per day (Tab. II). The control cows received the same diet, but their DOPS contained the same portion of wheat meal instead of Energol. The starch value of DOPS contained the same portion of wheat meal instead of Energol. The starch value of DOPS with 15 % Energol was 83.1 at 10.8 % digestible crude protein (SNL) while the starch value of DOPS without Energol was 68.8 at 12.4 % SNL. Differences in metabolic profiles were demonstrated in eight control and eight experimental cows in the course of the trial (Tab. III) when their blood (plasma) was analyzed. In comparison with the control cows, the cows of the experimental group tended to have the statistically higher (P < 0.01), biochemically determined levels of cholesterol, total lipids and triglycerides, sometimes the significantly higher bilirubin levels and the lower content of total ketone bodies and their particular fractions, i. e. acetone + acetoacetic acid and beta hydroxybutyric acid in the blood. There were not any significant differences in glucose concentrations in the blood nor in the AST activity of blood plasma (Tab. III). The biological half-life of 100 mg i.v. administered progesterone in the liver of the cows of experimental group around the 36th day after parturition (the cows were in the 3rd to 7th week of lactation) was 15.7 +/- 1.75 minutes, and 21.4 +/- 5.78 minutes in the control. The live weight of control cows decreased on average by 13.9 kg on day 60 in comparison with day 7, and it was still lower by 13.0 kg 100 days after parturition; the live weight increased by 2.8 kg on day 60 and by 9.8 kg m day 100 in the experimental group. The calving interval of these cows was on average by 5.0 days longer while the insemination index made 1.2 in the cows of the experimental group (1.7 in the control - Tab. IV) and the service period was by 8.3 days shorter against the control cows. The conception rate after the first insemination was 80 % in the experimental group of cows, and 50 % in the control group. The results of the trial (increase in milk production, tendency to better reproductive figures, demonstrated antiketogenic effect) justify the use of Energol in feed ration for the cows in the initial phase of lactation. But in the subsequent period (at declining lactation curve) the increasing levels of cholesterol, total lipids and triglycerides in the blood plasma of dairy cows receiving Energol indicate its surplus intake.
Effects of soy protein and isoflavones on glycemic control and insulin sensitivity: a 6-mo double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or untreated early diabetes; Background: In vitro and animal studies have suggested that soy protein and isoflavones have favorable effects on glucose and insulin regulation, but intervention studies in humans are limited, and the results are controversial. Objective: We investigated whether soy protein with isoflavones and soy isoflavone extracts could improve glycemic control and insulin sensitivity in postmenopausal women with early hyperglycemia. Design: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial that included 180 postmenopausal Hong Kong Chinese women with prediabetes or early untreated diabetes. After a 2-wk adaptation period, participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 arms to receive 15 g soy protein and 100 mg isoflavones, 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavones, or 15 g milk protein on a daily basis for 6 mo. Results: Three-or 6-mo treatments with soy protein with or without isoflavone supplementation did not result in favorable changes in the descriptors for glycemic control and insulin resistance, namely fasting and 2-h postload glucose, fasting and postload insulin, glycated serum protein, and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and beta-cell function. Conclusions: This 6-mo randomized controlled trial did not support the hypothesis that soy protein with or without isoflavone supplementation had favorable effects on glycemic control and insulin sensitivity among postmenopausal Chinese women. The favorable change in postload glucose needs to be further confirmed. Am J Clin Nutr 2010;91:1394-401.
Food groups and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to synthesize the knowledge about the relation between intake of 12 major food groups and risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). We conducted a systematic search in PubMed, Embase, Medline (Ovid), Cochrane Central, and Google Scholar for prospective studies investigating the association between whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB) on risk of T2D. Summary relative risks were estimated using a random effects model by contrasting categories, and for linear and non-linear dose-response relationships. Six out of the 12 food-groups showed a significant relation with risk of T2D, three of them a decrease of risk with increasing consumption (whole grains, fruits, and dairy), and three an increase of risk with increasing consumption (red meat, processed meat, and SSB) in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. There was evidence of a non-linear relationship between fruits, vegetables, processed meat, whole grains, and SSB and T2D risk. Optimal consumption of risk-decreasing foods resulted in a 42% reduction, and consumption of risk-increasing foods was associated with a threefold T2D risk, compared to non-consumption. The meta-evidence was graded "low'' for legumes and nuts; "moderate'' for refined grains, vegetables, fruit, eggs, dairy, and fish; and "high'' for processed meat, red meat, whole grains, and SSB. Among the investigated food groups, selecting specific optimal intakes can lead to a considerable change in risk of T2D.
Effect of protected protein and protected fat on production, reproduction performance and blood metabolites in crossbred cattle; Feeding trial of 4 months was conducted on 24 crossbred cattle, which were subjected to treatment To (control), T-1 (protected protein), T-2 (protected fat) and T-3 (protected protein and fat). Crossbred cows in second to fourth lactation with most probable production ability (MPPA) of average 2,300 litre milk production per lactation for each group were selected. All animals were fed with 2/3 DM through roughages (2/3 from dry and 1/3 from green) + 1/3 DM from concentrate mixture. In T-0 and T-2 groups, untreated groundnut cake was given in ration whereas, in T-1 and T-3 groups, groundnut cake was treated with formaldehyde (FA) @ 1.0 g FA /100g CP. Also bypass fat (99%) was supplemented in T-2 and T-3 groups @ 10 g/ liter milk production. The DMI was significantly higher in T-3 followed by T-1, T-0 and T-2. However, the DMI/100 kg body weight was nonsignificant among all treatment. The average digestible crude protein intake (DCPI) and total digestible nutrient intake (TDN) was significantly higher in T-3 followed by T-2, T-1 and T-0. However, DCPI and TDNI /100 kg body weight did not differ among all groups. The average milk production was 16.49% higher in T-1, 13.93% higher in T-2 and 20.99% in T-3 over T-0. Similar trend was observed in 4% FCM and ECM yield in all treatment groups. Reproductive performance of animal was significantly improved by feeding protected fat groups. By supplementation of protected fat, blood cholesterol and triglycerides level were significantly increased and BUN level decreased significantly by feeding protected protein.
Effect of Fermented Camel Milk Containing Pumpkin Seed Milk on the Oxidative Stress Induced by Carbon Tetrachloride in Experimental Rats; Oxidative stress can lead to chronic inflammation, nephrotoxicity, and renal damage. The consumption of plant-based dairy alternatives has increased rapidly worldwide due to their health effects. Bioactive components from natural sources, such as plants, are effective in protecting against oxidative stress. The present study evaluated the physicochemical and sensory properties of fermented camel milk made from camel milk mixed with pumpkin seed milk. Fermented camel milk consists of camel milk mixed with 25% and 50% pumpkin seed milk. This blend (fermented camel milk containing 50% pumpkin seed milk) was evaluated as an antioxidant agent in oxidative stress induced rats. A total of thirty-two male adult albino rats of Sprague Dawley(R) Rat strain weighing 150-180 g were randomly divided into four groups (n = 8). The first group was solely administered the standard diet and served as the negative control. The other rats (n = 24), received a basal diet, including being intraperitoneally injected with carbon tetrachloride, with a single dose at a rate of 2 mL/kg body weight) as a model for oxidative stress. The oxidative stress rats were divided into three groups; the first group did not receive any treatment and served as the positive control. The second and third groups were administered 10 g/day fermented camel milk and fermented camel milk containing 50% pumpkin seed milk. The results revealed that mixing the camel milk with pumpkin seed milk was more effective in increasing the total solids, protein, ash, fiber, acidity, viscosity, phenolic content, and antioxidant activity. These enhancements were proportional to the mixing ratio. Fermented camel milk containing 50% pumpkin seed milk exhibited the highest scores for sensory properties compared with the other fermented camel milk treatments. The group of rats with oxidative stress treated with fermented camel milk containing 50% pumpkin seed milk showed a significant decrease (p <= 0.05) in the levels of malondialdehyde (MDA), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), cholesterol (CL), triglycerides (TGs), AST, ALT, creatinine, and urea, and increased (p <= 0.05) high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and total protein and albumin compared with rats with oxidative stress. Consumption of fermented camel milk containing 50% pumpkin seed milk by the oxidative stress rat groups caused significant improvement in all of these factors compared with the positive control group. This study revealed that the administration of fermented camel milk containing 50% pumpkin seed milk to rats with oxidative stress prevented disorders related to oxidative stress compared with the untreated oxidative stress group. Thus, incorporating fermented camel milk might play a beneficial role in patients with oxidative stress.
Similar effects on infants of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids supplementation to pregnant and lactating women; Objective. There have been indications that high intake of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) during pregnancy may increase birth weight and gestational length. In addition, n-3 long-chain PUFAs may be important for the neurobiological development of the infants. High levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3) are found in the gray matter of the cerebral cortex and in the retina, and it seems as if the availability of long-chain PUFAs may be limiting cerebral development. The fetus and the newborn are dependent on a high supply from their mothers, either via the placenta or via breast milk. We supplemented pregnant and lactating women with n-3 or n-6 long-chain PUFAs to evaluate the effect on birth weight, gestational length, and infant development. Design. We performed a double-blind, randomized study recruiting 590 pregnant, healthy, nulli- or primiparous women (19-35 years old) in weeks 17 to 19 of pregnancy. The women were provided 10 mL of either cod liver oil or corn oil daily until 3 months after delivery. Main outcome measures. Primary outcomes were gestational length and birth weight. Electroencephalography (EEG) was done on the second day of life and at 3 months of age. Novelty preference (Fagan test) was used as an indicator of cognitive function at 6 and 9 months of age. The fatty acid pattern in umbilical plasma phospholipids and in breast milk was measured, and dietary assessments were performed, both on the mothers during pregnancy and on the infants at 3 months of age. The growth of the infants was followed up to 1 year of age. Results. Three hundred forty-one mothers took part in the study until delivery. There were no significant differences in maternal body mass index before pregnancy and at birth, or parity between the 2 groups. Smoking habits and parental education were also similar in the 2 groups. The mean age of the mothers receiving cod liver oil was, by chance, 1 year higher than the age of the mothers receiving corn oil (28.6 [3.4] vs 27.6 [3.2] years). The maternal dietary intake in the 2 groups receiving cod liver oil or corn oil was similar, except for the supplementation. There were no differences in gestational length or birth weight between the cod liver oil group and the corn oil group (279.6 [9.2] vs 279.2 [9.3] days; 3609 [493] vs 3618 [527] g, respectively). Birth length, head circumference, and placental weight were also similar in the 2 groups. The concentrations of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (20: 5 n-3), docosapentaenoic acid (22: 5 n-3), and DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids were higher in the cod liver oil group compared with the corn oil group (10.8 [7.6] vs 2.5 [1.8] mug/mL, 5.0 [2.6] vs 2.9 [1.3] mug/mL, 55.8 [20.6] vs 45.3 [12.8] mug/mL, respectively). Neonates with high concentration of DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids (upper quartile) had longer gestational length than neonates with low concentration (lower quartile; 282.5 [8.5] vs 275.4 [9.3] days). No differences in EEG scores or Fagan scores were found, but neonates with mature EEG (N = 70) had a higher concentration of DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids than neonates with immature EEG (N = 51) on the second day of life. Dietary information from 251 infants at 3 months of age was collected and 85% of these infants were exclusively breastfed, in addition to 12% who were partly breastfed. The breast milk of mothers supplemented with cod liver oil contained more n-3 long-chain PUFAs and less n-6 long-chain PUFAs than breast milk of mothers supplemented with corn oil. There were no significant differences in infant growth during the first year of life between the 2 groups. Conclusions. This study shows neither harmful nor beneficial effects of maternal supplementation of long-chain n-3 PUFAs regarding pregnancy outcome, cognitive development, or growth, as compared with supplementation with n-6 fatty acids. However, it confirms that DHA concentration may be related to gestational length and cerebral maturation of the newborn.
Effect of the mixed oil and monensin supplementation, and feeding duration of supplements on c9,t11-CLA contents in plasma and fat tissues of Korean native (Hanwoo) steers; The present study was conducted with twenty-four Korean native (Hanwoo) steers to observe the effect of mixed oil and monensin supplementation and duration of feeding on c9, t11-CLA content in plasma and fat tissues. The steers were randomly assigned to three groups of eight animals each according to body weight. Hanwoo steers in the control group were fed the commercial concentrate for the late fattening stage. The other groups of steers were fed the same diet as control steers, but the concentrate was supplemented with high-C-18:2 oil mixture (soybean oil, sunflower oil, safflower oil) and fish oil at 6% level of concentrate (DM basis), and monensin (20 ppm). The second and third group of steers was fed the oil mixture supplemented diet with monensin for the last 10 weeks and 20 weeks, respectively, prior to being slaughtered. The oil mixture consisted of 45% soybean oil, 20% sunflower oil, 20% safflower oil and 15% fish oil. Average daily gain (p < 0.049) and feed efficiency (p < 0.018) of the steers fed the diet supplemented with oil mixture and monensin (OM-M) for 20 weeks were higher than those of the other groups of steers. Dressing percent, fat thickness and longissimus muscle area were not affected by the OM-M supplementation and duration of its feeding. The OM-M supplementation increased the content of total-cholesterol (p < 0.0001 - 0.0007) and HDL-cholesterol (p < 0.0001) in the plasma of steers compared to the control diet. The steers fed the OM-M diet had a higher proportion of c9, t(11)-CLA in plasma (p < 0.048 - 0.044) than the control steers. Feeding the OM-M diet for 20 weeks increased the proportion of CLA in intramuscular (p < 0.015), intermuscular (p < 0.039) and subcutaneous (p < 0.001) fat tissues compared with both steers fed the control diet and the OM-M diet for 10 weeks. Increased (p < 0.007) proportion of total unsaturated fatty acids in steers fed the OM-M diet for 20 weeks compared to those in control steers was related to the increased (P < 0.001) C-18:2 and decreased (p < 0.001) C-18:0 proportions in subcutaneous tissue.
Association between dairy intake and the risk of contracting type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis with subgroup analysis of men versus women; Context: The association between dairy product intake and the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) or cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been investigated in several studies, but little attention was given to the role of sex as a moderator of these associations. (In this article, the term "sex" is used to denote the biologically-based differences between males and females.) Objective: This meta-analysis examines whether dairy consumption has different effects on T2D and CVD in men and women. Data sources: The PubMed database and previous reviews were searched for cohort studies published between 2006 and 2016. Data Extraction and Analysis: Reported risk ratios (RRs) for T2D/CVD with high versus low dairy intake were extracted. A random-effects model has been used to calculate the pooled RR. A subgroup analysis was conducted to compare the results for men and women. Results: The present meta-analysis of 201 studies found that T2D (n = 16 studies) and CVD (n = 13 studies) are inversely associated with dairy intake. Subgroup analysis for sex showed that the association between dairy intake and T2D and between dairy intake and CVD are significant in women (RR for T2D = 0.868; 95% CI, 0.82-0.92; P<0.001; RR for CVD = 0.837; 95% CI, 0.75-0.93; P<0.001) but not in men. Conclusions: There is an inverse association between high dairy intake and the risk of developing T2D and CVD in women.
Total and subtypes of dietary fat intake and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea (PREDIMED) study; Background: The associations between dietary fat and cardiovascular disease have been evaluated in several studies, but less is known about their influence on the risk of diabetes. Objective: We examined the associations between total fat, subtypes of dietary fat, and food sources rich in saturated fatty acids and the incidence of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Design: A prospective cohort analysis of 3349 individuals who were free of diabetes at baseline but were at high cardiovascular risk from the PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterranea (PREDIMED) study was conducted. Detailed dietary information was assessed at baseline and yearly during the follow-up using a food frequency questionnaire. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate T2D HRs and 95% CIs according to baseline and yearly updated fat intake. Results: We documented 266 incident cases during 4.3 y of follow-up. Baseline saturated and animal fat intake was not associated with the risk of T2D. After multivariable adjustment, participants in the highest quartile of updated intake of saturated and animal fat had a higher risk of diabetes than the lowest quartile (HR: 2.19; 95% CI: 1.28, 3.73; and P-trend = 0.01 compared with HR: 2.00; 95% CI: 1.29, 3.09; and P-trend < 0.01, respectively). In both the Mediterranean diet and control groups, participants in the highest quartile of updated animal fat intake had anw2-fold higher risk of T2D than their counterparts in the lowest quartile. The consumption of 1 serving of butter and cheese was associated with a higher risk of diabetes, whereas whole-fat yogurt intake was associated with a lower risk. Conclusions: In a Mediterranean trial focused on dietary fat interventions, baseline intake of saturated and animal fat was not associated with T2D incidence, but the yearly updated intake of saturated and animal fat was associated with a higher risk of T2D. Cheese and butter intake was associated with a higher risk of T2D, whereas whole-fat yogurt intake was associated with a lower risk of T2D.
The Effect of Fortified <i>Dadih</i> (Fermented Buffalo Milk) with Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on Caecum Short Chain Fatty Acids (SCFA) Concentration and HOMA-IR of T2DM-Rats; The prevalence of T2DM continues to increase along the years. Probiotics and vitamin D have antidiabetic effects and a synergism between them is evident. Fermented milk such as dadih is a great source of probiotics, specifically lactic acid bacteria (LAB). Probiotics are involved in the formation of short-chainfattyacids (SCFA) which canincrease insulin production and improve Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR). The objective of this study was to investigatethe effect of vitamin D-3-fortified dadih on caecum SCFA concentration and HOMA-IR of T2DM-induced \Nistarrats. A total of thirty rats were randomly split into five-groups:four diabetic groups (C2, T1, T2, and T-3) and one healthy control group (C1). Intervention groups were either given vitamin D-3 (T1), unfortified dadih (T2), or vitamin D-3-enriched dadih (T-3). Concentration of SCFA, glucose, and insulin were measured by gas chromatography, GOD-POD, and ELISA, respectively. T-3 group showed significantly lower fasting blood glucose and higher insulin than T1 or T2 at post-intervention. The HOMA-IR index at the end of intervention indicated that T-3 was significantly different from T1. Total caecum SCFA and butyrate concentrations were significantly higher in T-3 than T1 or T2. The HOMA-IR had an inverse correlation with totalcaecum SCFA (r=-0.600, p=0.001) and butyrate concentration (r= -0.692, p=0.000). The decreased insulin resistance might be partially attributed to totalcaecum SCFA and butyrate concentrations. In conclusion, vitamin D-3-fortified dadih had better efficacy in improving glycemicstatus, insulin, and SCFAconcentration, leading to improved insulin resistance in T2DM rats.
Urinary Lithogenic Risk Profile in Recurrent Stone Formers With Hyperoxaluria: A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension)-Style and Low-Oxalate Diets; Background: Patients with nephrolithiasis and hyperoxaluria generally are advised to follow a low-oxalate diet. However, most people do not eat isolated nutrients, but meals consisting of a variety of foods with complex combinations of nutrients. A more rational approach to nephrolithiasis prevention would be to base dietary advice on the cumulative effects of foods and different dietary patterns rather than single nutrients. Study Design: Randomized controlled trial. Setting & Participants: Recurrent stone formers with hyperoxaluria (urine oxalate > 40 mg/d). Intervention: The intervention group was asked to follow a calorie-controlled Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-style diet (a diet high in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, sweets, and meat), whereas the control group was prescribed a low-oxalate diet. Study length was 8 weeks. Outcomes: Primary: change in urinary calcium oxalate supersaturation. Secondary: Changes in 24-hour urinary composition. Results: 57 participants were randomly assigned (DASH group, 29; low-oxalate group, 28). 41 participants completed the trial (DASH group, 21; low-oxalate group, 20). As-treated analysis showed a trend for urinary oxalate excretion to increase in the DASH versus the low-oxalate group (point estimate of difference, 9.0 mg/d; 95% CI, -1.1 to 19.1 mg/d; P - 0.08). However, there was a trend for calcium oxalate supersaturation to decrease in the DASH versus the low-oxalate group (point estimate of difference, -1.24; 95% CI, -2.80 to 0.32; P 5 0.08) in association with an increase in magnesium and citrate excretion and urine pH in the DASH versus low-oxalate group. Limitations: Limited sample size, as-treated analysis, nonsignificant results. Conclusions: The DASH diet might be an effective alternative to the low-oxalate diet in reducing calcium oxalate supersaturation and should be studied more. (C) Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of the National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) Trial: Baseline Evaluation of Selected Nutrients and Food Group Intake; Background Little has been reported regarding food and nutrient intake in individuals diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, and most reports have been based on findings in select groups or individuals who self-reported having diabetes. Objective To describe the baseline food and nutrient intake of the Look AHEAD (Action for Health in Diabetes) trial participants, compare participant intake to national guidelines, and describe demographic and health characteristics associated with food group consumption. Methods The Look AHEAD trial is evaluating the effects of a lifestyle intervention (calorie control and increased physical activity for weight loss) compared with diabetes support and education on long-term cardiovascular and other health outcomes. Participants are 45 to 75 years old, overweight or obese (body mass index [BMI] >= 25), and have type 2 diabetes. In this cross-sectional analysis, baseline food consumption was assessed by food frequency questionnaire from 2,757 participants between September 2000 and December 2003. Statistical analysis Descriptive statistics were used to summarize intake by demographic characteristics. Kruskal-Wallis tests assessed univariate effects of characteristics on consumption. Multiple linear regression models assessed factors predictive of intake. Least square estimates were based on final models, and logistic regression determined factors predictive of recommended intake. Results Ninety-three percent of the participants exceeded the recommended percentage of calories from fat, 85% exceeded the saturated fat recommendation, and 92% consumed too much sodium. Also, fewer than half met the minimum recommended servings of fruit, vegetables, dairy, and grains. Conclusions These participants with pre-existing diabetes did not meet recommended food and nutrition guidelines. These overweight adults diagnosed with diabetes are exceeding recommended intake of fat, saturated fats, and sodium, which may contribute to increasing their risk of cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases. J Ant Diet Assoc. 2009,109:1367-1375.
A Synergistic Formulation of Plant Extracts Decreases Postprandial Glucose and Insulin Peaks: Results from Two Randomized, Controlled, Cross-Over Studies Using Real-World Meals; This study investigated the efficacy of a plant-derived dietary supplement with respect to decreasing postprandial glucose and insulin peaks after the intake of real-world meals. Two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over experiments were conducted on healthy subjects who received a supplement containing extracts of white mulberry, white bean, and green coffee or one containing the three extracts with added fibre before consuming high-GI/GL (glycaemic index/glycaemic load) meals. In study one, 32 subjects received an investigational product/placebo before a standardized meal at two visits. In study two, 150 subjects received an investigational product/placebo before five different standardized meals. Postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations were lower 20-35 min after meal intake among subjects taking the investigational product, and fewer episodes of postprandial reactive hypoglycaemia were noted. For example, after consuming breakfast cereal with milk, lower glucose peaks were observed for the investigational product (vs. placebo) after 20 min (100.2 +/- 1.97 vs. 112.5 +/- 3.12 mg/dL, respectively; p < 0.01); lower insulin peaks were noted at the same time point (45.9 +/- 4.02 IU/mL vs. 68.2 +/- 5.53 IU/mL, respectively, p < 0.01). The combined formulation decreases the adverse consequences of high-GI/GL meal consumption. It can be an effective dietary supplement for the management of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Night blindness of pregnancy in rural Nepal - nutritional and health risks; Background Night blindness (XN) is the most common clinical symptom of vitamin A deficiency among children in developing countries. Yet little is known about the aetiology or associated risks of maternal XN. Emerging evidence from South East Asia suggests that it may be more frequent than previously thought in women of reproductive age, especially during pregnancy. Methods A population-based, case-control study was conducted to reveal the epidemiology of XN among pregnant Nepali women. Night blind cases were identified by history through a weekly community surveillance system. Controls were randomly selected from a pool of pregnant women without XN and pair-matched for gestational age of the cases. A home-based assessment was done within a week of selection, at which 7-day food frequency and morbidity histories were collected, anthropometry measured, and capillary blood drawn for serum retinol, beta-carotene and haemoglobin (Hb) estimation. Results Cases and controls did not differ by age or number of previous pregnancies. How ever, cases were more likely to be from the lower castes, be illiterate, live in poorer quality homes, and own no land. The mean serum retinol level of cases was similar to 0.30 mu mol/l lower than controls (P < 0.001), indicating a low vitamin A status of night blind pregnant women. Mean Hb level was significantly lower (by 0.7 g/dl, P < 0.004), and the risk of severe anaemia (Hb <7.0 g/dl) higher among cases than controls (odds ratio = 3.0, 95% CI: 1.25-7.23). Cases were more undernourished than controls reflected by lower mean weight (-2.6 kg), body mass index (-0.8), arm circumference (-0.9 cm) and triceps skinfold (-0.8 mm). Night blindness was associated with less frequent consumption of preformed vitamin A (milk products, fish and meat) and provitamin A (dark green leafy vegetables and mangoes) foods, especially in summer. Night blind women were 2-3 times more likely to report symptoms of urinary/reproductive tract infections such as lower abdominal pain, painful and burning urination, or vaginal discharge, symptoms of diarrhoea/dysentery, of pre-eclampsia or eclampsia, and of nausea, vomiting or poor appetite throughout pregnancy than controls. Conclusion Women who experience XN during pregnancy have a low vitamin A status, although several other risk factors appear to cluster among these women as well. Night blind women are also more likely to be anaemic, ill, and acutely undernourished, and to be consuming a nutritionally poorer diet in pregnancy than non-night blind pregnant women. A simple history of XN can identify women at high risk during pregnancy who may require special nutritional support, antenatal care and counselling.
Phytosterol supplementation does not affect plasma antioxidant capacity in patients with metabolic syndrome; Several studies have observed decreased levels of lipophilic antioxidants after supplementation with phytosterols and stanols. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of phytosterol supplementation on plasma total antioxidant capacity in patients with metabolic syndrome. In a parallel arm, randomized placebo-controlled design, 108 patients with metabolic syndrome were assigned to consume yogurt beverage which provided 4 g of phytosterols per day or yogurt beverage without phytosterols. The duration of the study was 2 months and the patients in both groups followed their habitual westernized type diet. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and after 2 months, and the total antioxidant capacity of plasma was measured using the ferric reducing antioxidant power of plasma and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. After 2 months of intervention, plasma total antioxidant capacity did not differ between and within the intervention and the control groups. Phytosterol supplementation does not affect plasma antioxidant status.
Feeding rolled barley grain steeped in lactic acid modulated energy status and innate immunity in dairy cows; Feeding dairy cows large proportions of cereal grain is commonly associated with rumen acidosis; activation of innate immunity; and perturbation of intermediary metabolism. We previously showed that steeping barley grain in 0.5% lactic acid (LA) decreased the rate of starch degradation, lowered the risk of subacute rumen acidosis, modulated rumen fermentation profile, and increased milk fat content in dairy cows. This study sought, to investigate whether feeding of LA-treated barley grain would affect carbohydrate and lipid metabolism as well as innate immunity. Eight rumen-fistulated late-lactation (approximately 217 d in milk, DIM) Holstein cows were randomly assigned; in a 2 x 2 crossover design, to 1 of the 2 dietary treatments consisting of 27% (dry matter basis) rolled barley grain steeped for 48 h in an equal volume (wt/vol) of tap water (CTR) or 0.5% LA (TRT). Each experimental period lasted 21 d; with the first 11 d for diet adaptation. Blood and rumen samples were collected on d 12, 15, 17, and 21 of the experimental period before the morning feeding to evaluate the effects of dietary treatment On preprandial day-to-day variation of plasma and rumen variables. To establish the effect of treatment on diurnal variation of plasma variables; blood samples were collected on the last day of each period at 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, and 12 h after the morning feeding (i.e., 0800 h). Results of the day-to-clay study showed that cows fed the TRT diet had greater overall preprandial concentrations of glucose; cholesterol, and insulin, and a lower concentration of haptoglobin in plasma. Diurnal data indicated lower concentrations of haptoglobin and serum amyloid A and a tendency for greater plasma lactate in cows fed the TRT diet. A treatment by time interaction was observed for glucose, lactate; insulin, haptoglobin, and lipopolysaccharide-binding protein, suggesting a role for both the processing of grain and the time of sampling on those variables. No effect of diet on plasma concentrations of cortisol, beta-hydroxybutyrate; and nonesterified fatty acids or rumen endotoxin was evidenced. Taken together; our results demonstrated that feeding barley grain steeped in 0.5% LA modulated both energy status and innate immunity of dairy cows fed relatively high levels (45% of dry matter) of dietary concentrate.
Primary prevention of diabetes: What can be done and how much can be prevented?; Although it is widely believed that type 2 diabetes mellitus is the result of a complex interplay between genetic and environmental factors, compelling evidence from epidemiologic studies indicates that the current worldwide diabetes epidemic is largely due to changes in diet and lifestyle. Prospective cohort studies and randomized clinical trials have demonstrated that type 2 diabetes can be prevented largely through moderate diet and lifestyle modifications. Excess adiposity is the most important risk factor for diabetes, and thus, maintaining a healthy body weight and avoiding weight gain during adulthood is the cornerstone of diabetes prevention. Increasing physical activity and reducing sedentary behaviors such as prolonged TV watching are important both for maintaining body weight and improving insulin sensitivity. There is increasing evidence that the quality of fat and carbohydrate plays a more important role than does the quantity, and thus, public health strategies should emphasize replacing saturated and trans fats with unsaturated fats and replacing refined grain products with whole grains. Recent studies have also suggested a potential role for coffee, dairy, nuts, magnesium, and calcium in preventing diabetes. Overall, a healthy diet, together with regular physical activity, maintenance of a healthy weight, moderate alcohol consumption, and avoidance of sedentary behaviors and smoking, could nearly eliminate type 2 diabetes. However, there is still a wide gap between what we know and what we practice in the field of public health; how to narrow that gap remains a major public health challenge.
Dairy Product Intake and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in EPIC-InterAct: A Mendelian Randomization Study; OBJECTIVE To estimate the causal association between intake of dairy products and incident type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS The analysis included 21,820 European individuals (9,686 diabetes cases) of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-InterAct case-cohort study. Participants were genotyped, and rs4988235 (LCT-12910C>T), a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) for lactase persistence (LP) that enables digestion of dairy sugar, i.e., lactose, was imputed. Baseline dietary intakes were assessed with diet questionnaires. We investigated the associations between imputed SNP dosage for rs4988235 and intake of dairy products and other foods through linear regression. Mendelian randomization (MR) estimates for the milk-diabetes relationship were obtained through a two-stage least squares regression. RESULTS Each additional LP allele was associated with a higher intake of milk (beta 17.1 g/day, 95% CI 10.6-23.6) and milk beverages (beta 2.8 g/day, 95% CI 1.0-4.5) but not with intake of other dairy products. Other dietary intakes associated with rs4988235 included fruits (beta -7.0 g/day, 95% CI -12.4 to -1.7 per additional LP allele), nonalcoholic beverages (beta -18.0 g/day, 95% CI -34.4 to -1.6), and wine (beta -4.8 g/day, 95% CI -9.1 to -0.6). In instrumental variable analysis, LP-associated milk intake was not associated with diabetes (hazard ratio(per 15 g/day) 0.99, 95% CI 0.93-1.05). CONCLUSIONS rs4988235 was associated with milk intake but not with intake of other dairy products. This MR study does not suggest that milk intake is associated with diabetes, which is consistent with previous observational and genetic associations. LP may be associated with intake of other foods as well, but owing to the modest associations, we consider it unlikely that this caused the observed null result.
Circulating Saturated Fatty Acids and Incident Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The effect of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) on incident type 2 diabetes (T2D) is controversial and few have systematically appraised the evidence. We conducted a comprehensive search of prospective studies examining these relationships that were published in PubMed, Web of Science, or EMBASE from 21 February 1989 to 21 February 2019. A total of 19 studies were included for systematic review and 10 for meta-analysis. We estimated the summarized relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) using a random (if I-2 > 50%) or a fixed effects model (if I-2 50%). Although the included studies reported inconclusive results, the majority supported a protective effect of odd-chain and an adverse impact of even-chain SFAs. Meta-analysis showed that the per standard deviation (SD) increase in odd-chain SFAs was associated with a reduced risk of incident T2D (C15:0: 0.86, 0.76-0.98; C17:0: 0.76, 0.59-0.97), while a per SD increase in one even-chain SFA was associated with an increased risk of incident T2D (C14:0: 1.13, 1.09-1.18). No associations were found between other SFAs and incident T2D. In conclusion, our findings suggest an overall protective effect of odd-chain SFAs and the inconclusive impact of even- and very-long-chain SFAs on incident T2D.
The energy requirement for maintenance of Nellore crossbreds in tropical conditions during the finishing period; Lay Summary Although several studies have shown that the maintenance energy expenditures vary with breeds, there has been no available data comparing the energy requirements of different genetic groups of beef cattle determined during the finishing phase when raised under the same plane of nutrition from birth through slaughter born from a single cowherd. This study evaluated the influence of purebred Nellore and its crosses with Simmental, Angus, and Canchim slaughtered at the same age and body composition on their net energy requirement for maintenance (NEm). Animals were reared in tropical conditions, receiving only free-choice minerals from birth through the beginning of the feedlot phase, potentially altering the intake, carcass composition, mature weight, and consequently, affecting the energy requirement for maintenance during the finishing period. The pooled data analysis for Nellore and its crosses resulted in common NEm requirement of 86.9 kcal/d/kg(0.75) of empty body weight (EBW). However, although not statistically different, the NEm values from Nellore (NL) and Angus x Nellore (AN) were 85.5 and 90.8 kcal/d/kg(0.75) EBW, respectively, showing a decrease in NEm of 5.76% for NL in comparison with AN steers. This study determined the energy requirement for maintenance of purebred Nellore cattle and its crossbreds using data from a comparative slaughter trial in which animals were raised under the same plane of nutrition from birth through slaughter and born from a single commercial Nellore cowherd. A total of 79 castrated steers (361 +/- 54 kg initial body weight [BW]) were used in a completely randomized design by age (22 mo +/- 23 d of age) with four genetic groups (GG): Nellore (NL), 1/2 Angus x 1/2 Nellore (AN), 1/2 Canchim x 1/2 Nellore (CN), and 1/2 Simmental x 1/2 Nellore (SN). The experimental design provided ranges in metabolizable energy (ME) intake (MEI), BW, and average daily gain needed to develop regression equations to predict net energy for maintenance (NEm) requirements. Four steers of each GG were slaughtered to determine the initial body composition. The remaining 63 steers were assigned to different nutritional treatments (NT) by GG; ad libitum or limit-fed treatments (receiving 70% of the daily feed of the ad libitum treatment of the same GG). Full BW was recorded at birth, weaning, 12, 18, and 22 mo. In the feedlot, steers were fed for 101 d a diet containing (DM basis) 60% corn silage and 40% concentrate. No difference in age at weaning (P = 0.534) and slaughter (P = 0.179 and P = 0.896, for GG and NT, respectively) were observed. AN steers were heavier at weaning weight, yearling weight and had higher empty BW (EBW; P = 0.007, P = 0.014, and P < 0.001, respectively) in comparison to NL, CN, and SN. There were no interactions (P > 0.05) between GG and NT for any variable evaluated. When fed ad libitum, AN steers had higher daily MEI (Mcal/d; P < 0.001) in comparison to NL, CN, and SN. On a constant age basis, differences were observed on body composition (P < 0.05) between GG. The slope (P = 0.600) and intercept (P = 0.702) of the regression of log heat production on MEI were similar among GG. Evaluating at the same age and the same frame size, there were no differences in NEm requirement between Nellore and AN (P = 0.528), CN (P = 0.671), and SN (P = 0.706). The combined data indicated a NEm requirement of 86.8 kcal/d/kg(0.75) EBW and a ME required for maintenance requirement had a common value of 137.53 kcal/d/kg(0.75) EBW. The efficiency of energy utilization for maintenance and the efficiency of energy utilization for growth values were similar among GG (P > 0.05 and P > 0.05, respectively) and were on average 63.2% and 26.0%, respectively. However, although not statistically different, the NEm values from NL showed a decrease in NEm of 5.76% compared with AN steers. The knowledge and understanding of the maintenance energy requirements among beef cattle breeds is key to the success of diet formulation in feedlot cattle, aiming for optimal production and sustainable profit. Studies evaluating the energy requirement of purebred Nellore cattle and its crossbreds reared in the same experimental conditions from birth to slaughter will give valuable information for nutritionists and consultants working in the beef production system under tropical conditions.
Systematic and meta-analysis of <i>Mycobacterium avium </i>subsp.<i> paratuberculosis</i> related type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Global increase in diabetes (DM) prevalence necessitated the need to establish the association between DM and environmental triggers including MAP (Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis) that have been postulated to play a role in DM etiopathology for effective management. The present investigation aimed to assess the odds ratio (OR) presenting the association between MAP and DM. MAP-related DM studies were systematically retrieved from 6 databases until 31 September 2021 according to PRISMA principles for data abstraction. The abstracted dataset was fitted to the fixed-effects (FE) and random-effects (RE) models using the Mantel-Haenszel approach. Sixteen studies involving 2072 participants (1152 DM patients (957 type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) & 195 type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)) and 920 healthy controls) met the inclusion criteria. Results revealed a significant association between anti-MAP antibodies (abs) seroprevalence and T1DM (FE: OR 7.47, 95% CI 5.50-10.14, p value < 0.0001; RE: OR 7.92, 95% CI 4.39-14.31, p < 0.0001) and MAP DNA with T1DM (FE: OR 4.70 (95% CI 3.10-7.13, p value < 0.0001), RE: OR 3.90 (95% CI 0.93-16.38, p value = 0.06)). Both anti-MAP abs and MAP DNA based meta-analyses had medium heterogeneity (I-2 = 47.2-61.0%). Meanwhile, no significant association between MAP and T2DM (FE: OR 1.13, 95% CI 0.54-2.37, p value = 0.74; RE: OR 1.19; 95% CI 0.34-4.12, p value = 0.69), its OR magnitude exceeded 1 and prediction interval (0.09-15.29) suggest possibility of association between the duo in the future. The leave-one-out sensitivity analysis depicts a robust meta-analysis in all cases. In conclusion, the study manifests a positive association between MAP and T1DM, highlighting that MAP prevention and environmental control would indubitably revolutionize T1DM management. Also, its projects possible link between MAP and T2DM as more data becomes available. However, it remains elusive whether MAP triggers T1/T2DM or a mere comorbidity in T1/T2DM. Epidemiological activities to fill the global/regional data gaps on MAP-related T1DM and T2DM are advocated in order to assess the burden of MAP-related DM and improve their clinical management.
Dietary Protein Consumption and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Recently, some studies have focused on the relationship between dietary protein intake and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but the conclusions have been inconsistent. Therefore, in this paper, a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies regarding protein consumption and T2DM risk are conducted in order to present the association between them. We searched the PubMed and Embase databases for cohort studies on dietary protein, high-protein food consumption and risk of T2DM, up to July 2017. A summary of relative risks was compiled by the fixed-effect model or random-effect model. Eleven cohort studies regarded protein intake and T2DM (52,637 cases among 483,174 participants). The summary RR and 95% CI (Confidence Interval) of T2DM was 1.12 (1.08-1.17) in all subjects, 1.13 (1.04-1.24) in men, and 1.09 (1.04-1.15) in women for total protein; 1.14 (1.09-1.19) in all subjects, 1.23 (1.09-1.38) in men, and 1.11 (1.03-1.19) in women for animal protein; 0.96 (0.88-1.06) in all subjects, 0.98 (0.72-1.34) in men, and 0.92 (0.86-0.98) in women for plant protein. We also compared the association between different food sources of protein and the risk of T2DM. The summary RR (Relative Risk) and 95% CI of T2DM was 1.22 (1.09-1.36) for red meat, 1.39 (1.29-1.49) for processed meat, 1.03 (0.89-1.17) for fish, 1.03 (0.64-1.67) for egg, 0.89 (0.84-0.94) for total dairy products, 0.87 (0.78-0.96) for whole milk, 0.83 (0.70-0.98) for yogurt, 0.74 (0.59-0.93) in women for soy. This meta-analysis shows that total protein and animal protein could increase the risk of T2DM in both males and females, and plant protein decreases the risk of T2DM in females. The association between high-protein food types and T2DM are also different. Red meat and processed meat are risk factors of T2DM, and soy, dairy and dairy products are the protective factors of T2DM. Egg and fish intake are not associated with a decreased risk of T2DM. This research indicates the type of dietary protein and food sources of protein that should be considered for the prevention of diabetes.
Effects of 12-Week Ingestion of Yogurt Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> OLL2712 on Glucose Metabolism and Chronic Inflammation in Prediabetic Adults: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; The ingestion of Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells improved glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and in a preliminary clinical study. We aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glucose metabolism and chronic inflammation for healthy adults. Prediabetic adults (n = 130, age range: 20-64 years) were randomly assigned to either the placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 65 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing more than 5 x 10(9) heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 weeks. Reduced HbA1c levels after 12 weeks of treatment were observed in both groups compared to those at baseline; however, the 12-week reduction of HbA1c levels was significantly greater in the OLL2712 group than in the placebo group. Increased chronic inflammation marker levels and insulin-resistant index (HOMA-IR) occurred in the placebo group but not in the OLL2712 group. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels did not change significantly in both groups; however, in subgroup analyses including participants with higher FBG levels, FBG levels were significantly reduced only in the OLL2712 group compared to baseline. These results suggest that OLL2712 cell ingestion can reduce HbA1c levels and can prevent the aggravation of chronic inflammation and insulin resistance.
Diet and nutritional status in elderly Zimbabweans; Background: nutritional studies in developing countries tend to focus on women of reproductive age and children. Little is known about the diet or nutritional status of elderly Africans. Objective: to record the diet, anthropometric, haematological and biochemical measurements which might reflect nutrition and social factors in a group of elderly Zimbabweans. Design: cross-sectional community survey. Setting: a remote rural area in north-eastern Zimbabwe and two urban townships located approximately 80 km from Harare. Subjects: 278 subjects (154 women, 174 rural), aged >60 years (range 60-92), living at home. Method: subjects were selected by random cluster sampling. Diet was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric measurements were body mass index (BMI), waist : hip ratio (WHR), triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness (SFT). Laboratory analysis included serum albumin, calcium, haemoglobin, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), cholesterol, triglycerides, vitamin B12 and red blood cell folate levels. Results: the staple diet was maize meal and vegetables; 74 (27%) ate a protein-containing meal less than once a week; 135 (49%) took milk less than once a week and 27% had serum Ca2+ < 2 mmol/l. The frequency of eating meat, milk, bread and fried food varied with income and education and declined with age. For all anthropometric measurements median values were higher in the urban area (BMI 21.1 vs 18.3, WHR 0.98 vs 0.9, triceps SFT 10 vs 6.7 mm; P < 0.001 for all) and related to the frequency of eating meat and fried food. The BMI was higher in those with more years of education. Within the rural area physical measurements were higher in a more prosperous area. Serum Lipid concentrations were higher in urban residents (median cholesterol 4.4 vs 3.9 mmol/l, triglycerides 1.8 vs 1.5 mmol/l; P < 0.001 for both) and correlated with BMI, WHR and triceps SFT. Vitamin B12 concentrations were higher in urban residents, whereas folate concentrations were higher in rural residents. Conclusions: dietary patterns, anthropometric measurements and biochemical values in a group of randomly-selected elderly Zimbabweans are influenced by area of residence, age, income and educational level.
Probiotic supplementation and the effects on weight loss, glycaemia and lipid profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); The aim of the current study was to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on weight loss, glycaemia and lipid profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 60 women with PCOS were randomized to receive probiotic capsule (n=30) or placebo (n=30) for 12 weeks. Consumption of probiotic supplements resulted in a significant reduction in weight (-0.5 +/- 0.4 vs.+0.1 +/- 1.0kg, p=0.004) and BMI (-0.2 +/- 0.2 vs.+0.03 +/- 0.4kg/m(2), p = 0.004) compared with the placebo. In addition, compared with the placebo, probiotic administration was associated with a significant decrease in fasting plasma glucose (-2.4 +/- 8.4 vs.+2.1 +/- 7.0mg/dL, p=0.02), serum insulin concentrations (-2.0 +/- 5.8 vs.+1.6 +/- 5.0IU/mL, p=0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (-0.5 +/- 1.4 vs.+0.3 +/- 1.1, p=0.01), homoeostatic model assessment-beta cell function (-7.5 +/- 22.3 vs.+6.3 +/- 21.7, p=0.01), serum triglycerides (-13.3 +/- 51.3 vs.+13.6 +/- 37.1mg/dL, p=0.02) and a significant increase in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (+0.006 +/- 0.01 vs. -0.005 +/- 0.02, p = 0.01). When we adjusted the analysis for baseline values of biochemical parameters, age and baseline BMI, except for QUICKI (p=0.08), other findings did not alter. We found that probiotic supplementation among PCOS women for 12 weeks had favourable effects on weight loss, markers of insulin resistance, triglycerides and VLDL-cholesterol concentrations.
Effects of parity on productive, reproductive, metabolic and hormonal responses of Holstein cows; The objective of this study was to determine the effects that parity may have on production, reproduction and the metabolic status of Holstein cows managed in a production system based on total mixed ration and pasture. Primiparous (n = 22) and multiparous (n = 24) cows from a dairy farm research station in Uruguay were used in a completely randomized design. Body weight (BW), body condition score (BCS) and backfat thickness (BFT) were recorded weekly from -30 to 70 days postpartum. Milk production was measured daily, and milk composition was determined weekly. Resumption of postpartum ovarian activity and progesterone profiles were measured three times a week based on milk progesterone. Blood was collected to determine the levels of glucose, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-1), insulin, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), albumin, total protein and cholesterol. Milk production and components were lower for primiparous cows (p < 0.01) than multiparous cows. Body weights were also lower in primiparous cows than in multiparous cows (p < 0.05); however, BCS and BFT were greater (p < 0.01) in primiparous cows than in multiparous cows. Primiparous cows had greater levels of glucose, insulin and IGF-1 and lower concentrations of NEFA and BHB (p < 0.01) than multiparous cows. The intervals from calving to first ovulation were not affected by parity; however, primiparous cows showed less abnormal cycles (27.2%) than multiparous cows (50.0%) (p < 0.01). The present study found that a feeding system based on TMR and pasture was sufficient to produce over 25 L of milk per day without extending their calving to first ovulation interval in primiparous and multiparous cows. However, multiparous cows showed a greater imbalance in metabolic and hormonal profiles than primiparous cows, causing abnormal ovarian activity.
Effects of Synbiotic Food Consumption on Serum Minerals, Liver Enzymes, and Blood Pressure in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A Double-blind Randomized Cross-over Controlled Clinical Trial; This research was to examine the effects of synbiotic intake on minerals, liver enzymes, and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Methods: This randomized, cross-over clinical trial was performed among 62 diabetic patients. Persons were randomly assigned to intake either a synbiotic (n = 62) or a control food (n = 62) for 6 weeks. A 3-week washout period was applied following which persons were crossed over to the alternate intervention arm for an additional 6 weeks. The synbiotic was consisted of Lactobacillus sporogenes (1 x 10(7) CFU), 0.04 g inulin (HPX) as prebiotic. Persons were asked to consume the synbiotic and control foods 27 g a day. Blood pressure was measured, and blood samples were taken at baseline and after 6-week intervention to assess calcium, magnesium, iron, alkaline phosphatase, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and total bilirubin. Results: The consumption of a synbiotic food, compared to the control food, resulted in a significant rise of calcium (0.66 vs. -0.14 mg/dL, P = 0.03) and iron (5.06 vs. -9.98 mg/dL, P = 0.03). The decrease of total bilirubin (0.08 vs. -0.04 mg/dL; P = 0.009) was also seen in the synbiotic group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Overall, synbiotic in T2D patients had beneficial effects on calcium, iron, and total bilirubin concentrations.
Consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks increases plasma levels of uric acid in overweight and obese subjects: a 6-month randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Sucrose-sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) are associated with the development of metabolic disorders. Fructose is a major component of SSSDs and is demonstrated to induce uric acid (UA) production and stimulate fat accumulation independent of excess caloric intake. UA induce insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation, suggesting that UA may have a causal role in the development of metabolic complications. The objective of this study is to investigate the long-term effects of consuming SSSDs on circulating levels of UA in overweight and obese subjects. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Using a previously published study, circulating UA levels were assessed at baseline and after 6 months using chromogenic enzymatic absorptiometry. The study included 47 overweight and obese subjects without diabetes, randomised to consume 1 l daily of either SSSD (regular cola), isocaloric semi-skimmed milk, diet cola or water for 6 months. RESULTS: Circulating UA levels increased similar to 15% (P = 0.02) after the 6-month intervention in the SSSD group with no change in the other groups. In the SSSD group, circulating UA levels increased significantly after the intervention in both absolute (P = 0.005) and relative values (P = 0.004). The change in UA after the intervention correlated with changes in liver fat (P = 0.005), triglycerides (P = 0.02) and insulin (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: In this secondary analysis daily intake of 1 l SSSD for 6 months was found to increase circulating UA levels compared with isocaloric milk, diet cola and water. Thus, a high daily intake of SSSDs in overweight and obese subjects without overt diabetes may increase the risk of developing metabolic complications through the elevation of UA.
Plasma Industrial and Ruminant <i>Trans</i> Fatty Acids and Incident Type 2 Diabetes in the EPIC-Potsdam Cohort; OBJECTIVEAlthough dietary intake of trans fatty acid (TFA) is a major public health concern because of the associated increase in the risk of cardiovascular events, it remains unclear whether TFAs also influence risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and whether industrial TFAs (iTFAs) and ruminant TFAs (rTFAs) exert the same effect on health. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSTo investigate the relationship of 7 rTFAs and iTFAs, including 2 conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs), plasma phospholipid TFAs were measured in a case-cohort study nested within the European Prospective Investigation Into Cancer and Nutrition-Potsdam cohort. The analytical sample was a random subsample (n = 1,248) and incident cases of T2D (n = 801) over a median follow-up of 6.5 years. Using multivariable Cox regression models, we examined associations of TFAs with incident T2D. RESULTSThe TFA subtypes were intercorrelated with each other, with other fatty acids, and with different food sources. After controlling for other TFAs, the iTFAs (18:1n-6t, 18:1n-9t, 18:2n-6,9t) were not associated with diabetes risk. Some rTFA subtypes were inversely associated with diabetes risk: vaccenic acid (18:1n-7t; hazard ratio [HR] per SD 0.72; 95% CI 0.58-0.89) and t10c12-CLA (HR per SD 0.81; 95% CI 0.70-0.94), whereas c9t11-CLA was positively associated (HR per SD 1.39; 95% CI 1.19-1.62). Trans-palmitoleic acid (16:1n-7t) was not associated with diabetes risk when adjusting for the other TFAs (HR per SD 1.08; 95% CI 0.88-1.31). CONCLUSIONSThe TFAs' conformation plays an essential role in their relationship to diabetes risk. rTFA subtypes may have opposing relationships to diabetes risk. Previous observations for reduced diabetes risk with higher levels of circulating trans-palmitoleic acid are likely due to confounding.
Acute effects of an isocaloric macronutrient-matched breakfast meal containing almonds on glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in men with type 2 diabetes: a randomized crossover study; This randomized crossover study assessed the acute effects of almonds on postprandial glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in a sample of 7 men with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Participants completed 2 experimental visits during which a control (white bread, butter, cheese) and a test (white bread, almonds) meal were ingested. Energy, available carbohydrate, total lipid, and protein content were the same in both meals. Blood samples were collected in fasting state as well as 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, and 240 min postprandially for quantifying blood glucose, as well as insulin and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) serum concentrations. Subjective appetite sensations were assessed using visual analog scales at the same time-points. Within this sample of participants, the test meal was found to be associated with lower postprandial glycemia and insulinemia, higher GLP-1 serum concentrations, decreased hunger and desire to eat, and increased fullness. The test meal was also associated with an increased estimated glucose metabolic clearance rate, indicating higher postprandial insulin sensitivity. Overall, results suggest that almonds' macronutrient subtype profile could have a beneficial impact on postprandial glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in men with T2D. Studies with larger sample sizes are warranted to confirm these findings. Novelty A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient-matched control) induced lower glycemic and insulinemic responses. A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient-matched control) induced a greater elevation in postprandial GLP-1 serum concentrations. A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient-matched control) induced more favourable postprandial appetite responses.
Camel Milk Used as an Adjuvant Therapy to Treat Type 2 Diabetic Patients: Effects on Blood Glucose, HbA1c, Cholesterol, and TG Levels; The efficacy of camel milk to treat diabetes has been shown recently, especially in experimental animals and in patients with diabetes type 1 (T1DM), whereas studies on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are limited. In this clinical trial, 60 patients with T2DM who used oral antidiabetic drugs were assigned into two groups; group 1 received-in addition to the antidiabetic prescribed medicines-500 mL of raw camel milk divided equally two times/day (fasting in the morning and the night) for three months. Group 2 was treated during the same period only by the oral antidiabetic medicaments without consumption of camel milk. A significant decrease was shown in fasting blood glucose (FBG) (from 9.89 +/- 0.98 to 6.13 +/- 0.55 mmol/L) and postprandial glucose (PPG) (from 15.89 +/- 4.34 to 7.44 +/- 1.02 mmol/L) in the group 1. A significant decline (P < 0.05) in HbA1c levels was observed in the group treated with camel milk (from 9.44 +/- 0.16 to 6.61 +/- 0.14%, with a percentage decrease of 30%). Total cholesterol and TG significantly decreased in group 1. Urea and creatinine showed no statistical differences between the two groups during the trial. Based on this study's results, camel milk could be useful for glycemic control in T2DM patients using oral hypoglycemic agents.
Blood metabolite and hormonal response of growing lambs to intensifying dietary crude protein with or without Ionophores and probiotics; The study was aimed to investigate the impact of intensifying dietary crude protein concentration with or without ionophores and probiotics on dry matter intake (DMI) blood metabolites and hormonal profile of growing Lohi lambs Eighty lambs, 6 months of age, were randomly divided in ten groups with eight animals in each Ten diets were formulated The diet F only contained barseem fodder (hay) while nine isocaloric diets with three levels of crude protein (CP) i e low protein (LP, 14%CP), medium protein (MP, 18%CP) and high protein (HP, 22%CP) with ionophores (LPI, MPI and HPI) and probiotics (LPP, MPP and HPP) were formulated Inclusion rate of Ionophores and probiotics in diets was 20ppm and 0 1% of ration, respectively The LP, MP and HP diets were grouped as concentrate (C) diets These CP diets when supplemented with ionophores and probiotics were grouped as Cl and CP diets Lambs fed C, Cl, CP diets consumed higher feed than those fed F diet A linear and quadric increase (p<0 05) in DMI intake was observed in lambs fed C, Cl and CP diets with increasing dietary CP level The blood urea nitrogen (BUN) increased linearly with increasing dietary CP in the concentrate diets However, ionophores and probiotics supplementation did not affect DMI and BUN (p<0 05) Serum creatinine was not affected by ionophores or probiotics, however, increased linearly with increasing dietary CP in the concentrate diets Cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL and HDL were higher (p<0 05) in lambs fed concentrates than those fed fodder only A gradual increase in dietary crude protein concentration of C, Cl and CP diets increased triiodothrionine (T-3) and thyroxin (T-4) in lambs compared to those fed on fodder The outcome of the present study reflects the significant impact of dietary CP concentration not only for DMI, blood metabolites but also on metabolic hormones
One Egg per Day Improves Inflammation when Compared to an Oatmeal-Based Breakfast without Increasing Other Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Diabetic Patients; There is concern that egg intake may increase blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, we have previously shown that eggs reduce inflammation in patients at risk for T2DM, including obese subjects and those with metabolic syndrome. Thus, we hypothesized that egg intake would not alter plasma glucose in T2DM patients when compared to oatmeal intake. Our primary endpoints for this clinical intervention were plasma glucose and the inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin 6 (IL-6). As secondary endpoints, we evaluated additional parameters of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemias, oxidative stress and inflammation. Twenty-nine subjects, 35-65 years with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values <9% were recruited and randomly allocated to consume isocaloric breakfasts containing either one egg/day or 40 g of oatmeal with 472 mL of lactose-free milk/day for five weeks. Following a three-week washout period, subjects were assigned to the alternate breakfast. At the end of each period, we measured all primary and secondary endpoints. Subjects completed four-day dietary recalls and one exercise questionnaire for each breakfast period. There were no significant differences in plasma glucose, our primary endpoint, plasma lipids, lipoprotein size or subfraction concentrations, insulin, HbA1c, apolipoprotein B, oxidized LDL or C-reactive protein. However, after adjusting for gender, age and body mass index, aspartate amino-transferase (AST) (p < 0.05) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha (p < 0.01), one of our primary endpoints were significantly reduced during the egg period. These results suggest that compared to an oatmeal-based breakfast, eggs do not have any detrimental effects on lipoprotein or glucose metabolism in T2DM. In contrast, eggs reduce AST and TNF-alpha in this population characterized by chronic low-grade inflammation.
Acute metabolic response to high-carbohydrate, high-starch meals compared with moderate-carbohydrate, low-starch meals in subjects with type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - The monosaccharides resulting from the digestion of ingested carbohydrates are glucose, fructose, and galactose. Of these three monosaccharides, only ingested glucose resulted in a large increase in the plasma glucose concentration. Fructose (Metabolism 41.510-517, 1992) and galactose (Metabolism 42:1560-1567, 1993) had only a minor effect. Therefore, we were interested in determining whether we could design a mixed meal, using foods of known monosaccharide, disaccharide, and starch composition, the ingestion of which would result in only a small rise in plasma glucose concentration. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The experimental meal was composed of very little readily digestible starch but rather large amounts of fruits and vegetables. It contained 43% carbohydrate, 22% protein, and 34% fat. The results were compared with a second type of meal that contained 55% carbohydrate, 15% protein, and 30% fat, with an emphasis on complex carbohydrates (starch). It also was compared with a third meal that contained 40% carbohydrate, 20% protein, and 40% fat, typical of that consumed by the average American. The test meals were ingested in random order by people with type 2 diabetes who were not treated with oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin. Each subject ingested each type of meal. The same identical meal was ingested at 0800, 1200, and 1700. RESULTS - The integrated 24-h plasma glucose area response was statistically significantly smaller (P < 0.05) after ingestion of the low-starch meals compared with the high-starch, high-carbohydrate meals or the typical American meals. The 24-h integrated serum insulin area response also was statistically significantly less (P < 0.05) after ingestion of the low-starch meals compared with the high-starch meals or the typical American meals. The serum triglyceride area response was similar after ingestion of all three test diets. CONCLUSIONS - A diet in which fruits, nonstarch vegetables, and dairy products are emphasized may be useful for people with type 2 diabetes.
Herd and cow random variation in models of interrelationships between metabolic and reproductive disorders in high yielding multiparous Holstein dairy cattle in The Netherlands; Generalized linear mixed models including random variation terms to account for herd and cow were used to analyse the associations between metabolic and reproductive disorders. Data were from 1963 multiparous lactations of high yielding Holstein dairy cattle in 16 commercial herds in The Netherlands collected between October 1993 and January 1996. The random variation due to herd and cow varied considerably among the diseases analysed. The two metabolic diseases studied (milk fever and ketosis) were interrelated, as were the five reproductive disorders considered (abnormal partus, complications at birth, retained placenta, metritis, abnormal estrus). Additionally, some associations between metabolic and reproductive disorders existed. Metabolic and reproductive disorders occurring in early lactation seem to have an important impact on the performance of the cow later in lactation. Considering the estimations of variance components measures to decrease risk of these diseases should primarily focus on improvement of herd (management) condition. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science B.V.
The effect of chromium on inflammatory markers, 1st and 2nd phase insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes; Impaired insulin sensitivity (SI) and beta-cell function are the two main causes of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and are related to low-grade inflammation status. Trivalent chromium has shown to improve SI in our previous study. This might be due to the ability of decreasing interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) shown in animal studies. In the current study, we measured SI, beta-cell function, and plasma levels of IL-6 and TNF-alpha after treatment of chromium chloride (GaCr) in T2D. Sixty-six patients were randomly assigned to the 20 g of GaCr milk powder studying group or the milk powder placebo group. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed before and after the treatment. The SI and the beta-cell function were measured as well. The SI was significantly improved. At the same time, the static insulin responsivity index (I broken vertical bar(s)) was significantly higher after the treatment (p = 0.003). On the other hand, the dynamic insulin responsivity index (I broken vertical bar(d)) remained unchanged. Interestingly, a significant decrease in the IL-6 level after the treatment (p = 0.015) was noted. Although there was a trend of decreasing in TNF-alpha, it was not statistically significant. Finally, there was no significant correlation between the delta-IL-6, SI, and I broken vertical bar(d) after GaCr treatment. In conclusion, other than the improvement of SI, GaCr could also improve the second phase of insulin responsivity (I broken vertical bar(s)) and IL-6. However, delta-IL-6 was correlated with neither delta-SI nor delta-I broken vertical bar(s) which indicated that the improvement of SI and I broken vertical bar(s) might involve mechanisms other than lower inflammatory effect.
Sustained effects of a protein and lipid preload On glucose tolerance in type 2 diabetes patients; Background. Small amounts of nutrients given as a 'preload' can reduce post-meal hyperglycaemic peaks in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients by activating a number of mechanisms involved in glucose homoeostasis. This study was undertaken to ascertain whether this positive effect extends to the late absorptive phase and to identify the main mechanisms involved. Material and methods. Eight well-controlled T2D patients, aged 40-70 years, were randomized to consume a 'preload' of either water or non-glucidic nutrients (50 g of Parmesan cheese, one boiled egg) 30 min before a 300-min oral glucose tolerance test. Results. After the nutrient preload, significant reductions were observed in peak glucose (-49%; P<0.02), total plasma glucose (iAUC: -28%; P<0.03), exogenous glucose (iAUC: -30%; P<0.03) and insulin clearance (-28%; P<0.04), with enhancement of insulin secretion (iAUC: +22%; P<0.003). These effects were associated with higher plasma levels of GLP-1 (iAUC: +463%; P<0.002), GIP (iAUC: +152%; P<0.0003) and glucagon (iAUC: +144%; P<0.0002). Conclusion. In T2D patients, a protein and lipid preload improves glucose tolerance throughout the whole post-absorptive phase mainly by reducing the appearance of oral glucose, and improving both beta-cell function and insulin bioavailability. (C) 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
A Vitamin D-Calcium-Fortified Yogurt Drink Decreased Serum PTH but did not Affect Osteocalcin in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes; Introduction: There is sparse evidence of the effect of vitamin D on bone biomarkers in diabetic patients, and therefore, in a randomized clinical trial, we evaluated the effects of the daily intake of vitamin D, either with or without extra calcium, on selected bone biomarkers. Materials and Methods: Ninety women and men aged 30-50 years old with type 2 diabetes were randomly divided into three groups in a double-blind manner. Group 1 (PD), the control group, received a plain yogurt drink. Groups 2 (DD) and 3 (CDD) received 1000 IU vitamin D3, and 1000 IU vitamin D3 plus 500 mg calcium, respectively, via drinking two 250 mL bottles a day of a fortified yogurt drink for twelve weeks. Anthropometric and biochemical assessments were made, including 25(OH), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH), osteocalcin, and calcium. Results: Although the time and timexgroup interaction effects on the bone biomarkers were not statistically significant, there was a modest decrease in iPTH concentrations in both DD and CDD groups over twelve weeks. The subgroups with initial vitamin D deficiency/insufficiency in the CDD group had greater and significant decrease in serum iPTH concentrations after twelve weeks of treatment compared to the PD group (-9.0 +/- 21.2 v.s 8.6 +/- 21.8 pg/mL, p = 0.042). Conclusion: The improvement in vitamin D status following the daily intake of fortified doogh for twelve weeks was accompanied by a decrement in iPTH, mostly in those subjects with poor initial vitamin D status.
Improvement of Vitamin D Status via Daily Intake of Fortified Yogurt Drink Either with or without Extra Calcium Ameliorates Systemic Inflammatory Biomarkers, including Adipokines, in the Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes; Context: Systemic inflammation is thought to have a central role in diabetic long-term complications. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of vitamin D either with or without extra calcium on certain inflammatory biomarkers in the subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial conducted over 12 wk in 90 T2D subjects aged 30-60 yr from both sexes. Intervention: Subjects were randomly allocated to one of three groups to receive two 250-ml bottles a day of plain Persian yogurt drink or doogh (PD, containing 150 mg calcium and no detectable vitaminD(3)/250 ml), vitamin D-fortifieddoogh(DD, containing 500 IU vitamin D-3 and 150 mg calcium/250 ml), or calcium + vitamin D-3-fortified doogh (CDD, containing 500 IU vitamin D3 and 250 mg calcium/250 ml). Outcome Measures: The changes in inflammatory markers were evaluated. Results: Comparedto the baseline values, highly sensitive C-reactive protein, IL-1 beta, IL-6, fibrinogen, and retinol binding protein-4 concentrations significantly decreased in both the DD and CDD groups. Although the decrement in highly sensitive C-reactive protein and fibrinogen was more in CDD compared to DD (-4.0 +/- 8.5 vs. -1.3 +/- 2.8 mg/liter, and -0.40 +/- 0.74 and -0.20 +/- 0.52 mg/liter, respectively), the differences were not significant. There was a significant increase in serum adiponectin in both the DD and CDD groups (51.3 +/- 65.3 vs. 57.1 +/- 33.8 mu g/liter; P < 0.05). Mean adiponectin changes in CDD were significantly higher than in PD (P = 0.021). Conclusions: Daily intake of vitamin D-fortified doogh improved inflammatory markers in T2D subjects, and extra calcium conferred additional benefit only for the antiinflammatory adipokine, i.e. adiponectin. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 97: 2005-2011, 2012)
Sugar-Sweetened Product Consumption Alters Glucose Homeostasis Compared with Dairy Product Consumption in Men and Women at Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Dietary patterns characterized by high intakes of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and low glycemic load have been associated with lower type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk. In contrast, dietary patterns that include high intakes of refined grains, processed meats, and high amounts of added sugars have been associated with increased T2DM risk. Objective: This randomized, 2-period crossover trial compared the effects of dairy and sugar-sweetened product (SSP) consumption on insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta-cell function in men and women at risk of the development of T2DM who habitually consume sugar-sweetened beverages. Methods: In a randomized, controlled crossover trial, participants consumed dairy products (474 mL/d 2% milk and 170 g/d low-fat yogurt) and SSPs (710 mL/d nondiet soda and 108 g/d nondairy pudding), each for 6 wk, with a 2-wk washout between treatments. A liquid meal tolerance test (LMTT) was administered at baseline and the end of each period. Results: Participants were 50% female with a mean age and body mass index of 53.8 y and 32.2 kg/m(2), respectively. Changes from baseline were significantly different between dairy product and SSP conditions for median homeostasis model assessment 2-insulin sensitivity (HOMA2-%S) (1.3 vs. -21.3%, respectively, P = 0.009; baseline = 118%), mean LMTT disposition index (-0.03 vs. -0.36, respectively, P = 0.011; baseline = 2.59), mean HDL cholesterol (0.8 vs. -4.2%, respectively, P = 0.015; baseline = 44.3 mg/dL), and mean serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] (11.7 vs. -3.3, respectively, P = 0.022; baseline = 24.5 mu g/L). Changes from baseline in LMTT Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (-0.10 vs. -0.49, respectively; baseline = 4.16) and mean HOMA2-beta-cell function (-2.0 vs. 5.3%, respectively; baseline = 72.6%) did not differ significantly between treatments. Conclusion: These results suggest that SSP consumption is associated with less favorable values for HOMA2-% S, LMTT disposition index, HDL cholesterol, and serum 25(OH) D in men and women at risk of T2DM vs. baseline values and values during dairy product consumption. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01936935.
Evaluation of an intervention to provide brief support and personalized feedback on food shopping to reduce saturated fat intake (PC-SHOP): A randomized controlled trial; Background Guidelines recommend reducing saturated fat (SFA) intake to decrease cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, but there is limited evidence on scalable and effective approaches to change dietary intake, given the large proportion of the population exceeding SFA recommendations. We aimed to develop a system to provide monthly personalized feedback and healthier swaps based on nutritional analysis of loyalty card data from the largest United Kingdom grocery store together with brief advice and support from a healthcare professional (HCP) in the primary care practice. Following a hybrid effectiveness-feasibility design, we tested the effects of the intervention on SFA intake and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol as well as the feasibility and acceptability of providing nutritional advice using loyalty card data. Methods and findings The Primary Care Shopping Intervention for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention (PC-SHOP) study is a parallel randomized controlled trial with a 3 month follow-up conducted between 21 March 2018 to 16 January2019. Adults >= 18 years with LDL cholesterol >3 mmol/L (n = 113) were recruited from general practitioner (GP) practices in Oxfordshire and randomly allocated to "Brief Support" (BS, n = 48), "Brief Support + Shopping Feedback" (SF, n = 48) or "Control" (n = 17). BS consisted of a 10-minute consultation with an HCP to motivate participants to reduce their SFA intake. Shopping feedback comprised a personalized report on the SFA content of grocery purchases and suggestions for lower SFA swaps. The primary outcome was the between-group difference in change in SFA intake (% total energy intake) at 3 months adjusted for baseline SFA and GP practice using intention-to-treat analysis. Secondary outcomes included %SFA in purchases, LDL cholesterol, and feasibility outcomes. The trial was powered to detect an absolute reduction in SFA of 3% (SD3). Neither participants nor the study team were blinded to group allocation. A total of 106 (94%) participants completed the study: 68% women, 95% white ethnicity, average age 62.4 years (SD 10.8), body mass index (BMI) 27.1 kg/m(2) (SD 4.7). There were small decreases in SFA intake at 3 months: control = -0.1% (95% CI -1.8 to 1.7), BS = -0.7% (95% CI -1.8 to 0.3), SF = -0.9% (95% CI -2.0 to 0.2); but no evidence of a significant effect of either intervention compared with control (difference adjusted for GP practice and baseline: BS versus control = -0.33% [95% CI -2.11 to 1.44], p = 0.709; SF versus control = -0.11% [95% CI -1.92 to 1.69], p = 0.901). There were similar trends in %SFA based on supermarket purchases: control = -0.5% (95% CI -2.3 to 1.2), BS = -1.3% (95% CI -2.3 to -0.3), SF = -1.5% (95% CI -2.5 to -0.5) from baseline to follow-up, but these were not significantly different: BS versus control p = 0.379; SF versus control p = 0.411. There were small reductions in LDL from baseline to follow-up (control = -0.14 mmol/L [95% CI -0.48, 0.19), BS: -0.39 mmol/L [95% CI -0.59, -0.19], SF: -0.14 mmol/L [95% CI -0.34, 0.07]), but these were not significantly different: BS versus control p = 0.338; SF versus control p = 0.790. Limitations of this study include the small sample of participants recruited, which limits the power to detect smaller differences, and the low response rate (3%), which may limit the generalisability of these findings. Conclusions In this study, we have shown it is feasible to deliver brief advice in primary care to encourage reductions in SFA intake and to provide personalized advice to encourage healthier choices using supermarket loyalty card data. There was no evidence of large reductions in SFA, but we are unable to exclude more modest benefits. The feasibility, acceptability, and scalability of these interventions suggest they have potential to encourage small changes in diet, which could be beneficial at the population level. Author summary Why was this study done? Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in the UK and is strongly influenced by diet composition. Reducing the intake of saturated fat (e.g., fats from animal sources such as butter or meat), mostly by swapping some key foods in the diet for others that are lower in saturated fat (SFA), can help reduce the "bad" low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in the blood, and reduce the risk of CVD. Previous studies have achieved success either by providing particular foods to people or by giving them intensive support and advice from nutrition specialists. Currently, there are no practical interventions shown to help large numbers of people improve their diet to reduce the amount of saturated fat they eat. What did the researchers do and find? In this study, we developed a system to provide regular information on the saturated fat content of food purchases and suggest healthier swaps using loyalty card data from the UK largest grocery store. Participants received brief oral and written advice from a healthcare professional (HCP) at their general practitioner (GP) practice alone or in combination with personalized feedback on their food shopping. Our primary aim was to test whether this approach was effective to decrease saturated fat intake compared with usual care, which does not involve any specific advice. We also compared changes in LDL-C and the quality of the grocery shopping. We recruited adults who had a blood test showing they had raised LDL-C from GP practices in Oxfordshire (UK), and we followed them for an average of 3.8 months. We found small decreases in SFA intake as well as the SFA content of food purchases and reductions in LDL-C, but these changes were not significantly different from those observed in the control group. Participants reported positive feedback regarding the brief advice and the personalized feedback on their food shopping, which they received monthly throughout the study. What do these findings mean? Previous studies have shown that self-monitoring and feedback are effective strategies to help people change their behavior. In this study, we were able to use data from supermarket loyalty cards to provide regular feedback and healthier swaps to help people improve the quality of their grocery shopping. Participants valued and used this information together with the brief advice received from primary care practitioners to reduce their saturated fat intake. The trial was designed to detect a clinically significant difference in SFA intake between groups of 3%, and the intervention did not achieve such large effects. However, modeling studies suggest that just replacing 1% of saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat can potentially lead to an 8% reduction in CVD events. With future development and testing, this may be an intervention that could be offered by supermarkets to achieve small improvements in diet with population-level health benefits.
Occurrence of subclinical metabolic disorders in large-scale dairy farms in Hungary in 2001; Metabolic profile tests were performed in 2001 to screen the incidence rate of subclinical metabolic disorders in large-scale dairy herds in Hungary. The screening involved 75 Holstein Friesian dairy farms and the data represent about 45 000 cows of 3-6 years of age. Clinically healthy cows, selected randomly from groups of dry cows 1-10 days prior to expected calving (Group I) and from postparturient cows 1-7 (Group II), 8-30 (Group III) and 31-90 days (Group IV) after calving, respectively and were subjected to a metabolic profile test. The data of the present investigation are comparable to the figures they obtained in the previous 10 years and reported elsewhere. Likewise to screening data of the previous years, high incidence of energy imbalance, aciduria (subclinical acidosis), inadequate protein supply, carotene shortage and inappropriate sodium-, copper- -and zinc supplementation was detected among the groups tested. In comparison with data of the previous years no substantial change was observed with respect to occurrence rate of subclinical metabolic disorders.
Short-term effects of replacing milk with cola beverages on insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-glucose metabolism: a 10 d interventional study in young men; In the Western world, a trend towards increased consumption of carbonated soft drinks combined with a decreasing intake of milk is observed. This may affect circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and fasting insulin, as seen in pre-pubertal children. The present study was designed to reflect the trend of replacing milk with carbonated beverages in young men and to study the effects of this replacement on IGF-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), IGF-I:IGFBP-3 and glucose-insulin metabolism. A randomised, controlled crossover intervention study, in which eleven men aged 22-29 years were given a low-Ca diet in two 10 d periods with 10 d washout in between. In one period, they drank 2.5 litres of Coca Cola(R) per day and the other period 2.5 litres of semi-skimmed milk. Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 (RIA), insulin (fluoro immunoassay) and glucose (Cobas) were determined at baseline and end point of each intervention period. Insulin resistance and P-cell function were calculated with the homeostasis model assessment. A decrease in serum IGF-I was observed in the cola period compared with the milk period (P<0.05). No effects of treatment were observed on IGFBP-3, IGF-I:IGFBP-3, insulin, glucose, insulin resistance or P-cell function. The present study demonstrates that high intake of cola over a 10 d period decreases total IGF-I compared with a high intake of milk, with no effect on glucose-insulin metabolism in adult men. It is unknown whether this is a transient phenomenon or whether it has long-term consequences.
Does dairy calcium intake enhance weight loss among overweight diabetic patients?; OBJECTIVE- To examine the effect of dairy calcium consumption on weight loss and improvement in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes indicators among overweight diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This was an ancillary study of a 6-month randomized clinical trial assessing the effect of three isocaloric diets in type 2 diabetic patients: 1) mixed glycemic index carbohydrate diet, 2) low-glycemic index diet, and 3) modified Mediterranean diet. Low-fat dairy product consumption varied within and across the groups by personal choice. Dietary intake, weight, CVD risk factors, and diabetes indexes were measured at baseline and at 6 months. RESULTS - A total of 259 diabetic patients were recruited with an average BMI > 31 kg/m(2) and mean age of 55 years. No difference was found at baseline between the intervention groups diabetes indicators, macronutrient intake, and nutrient intake from dairy in CVD risk factors, products. Dairy calcium intake was associated with percentage of weight loss. Among the high tertile of dairy calcium intake, the odds ratio for weight loss of > 8% was 2.4, P = 0.04, compared with the first tertile, after controlling for nondairy calcium intake, diet type, and the change in energy intake from baseline. No association was noted between dairy calcium and other health indexes except for triglyceride levels. CONCLUSIONS - A diet rich in dairy calcium intake enhances weight reduction in type 2 diabetic patients. Such a diet could be tried in diabetic patients, especially those with difficulty adhering to other weight reduction diets.
Vitamin E supplementation during the dry period in dairy cattle. Part I: Adverse effect on incidence of mastitis postpartum in a double-blind randomized field trial; A randomized, controlled field trial with dairy cows demonstrated an adverse effect of vitamin E supplementation during the dry period on mastitis incidence in early lactation. This study was conducted on farms with historically high rates of mastitis to investigate the benefit of vitamin E supplementation on udder health; however, the outcome showed an adverse effect. The aim of the study was to evaluate whether daily supplementation of 3,000 IU of vitamin E to dairy cows during the dry period could improve udder health in commercial herds with a high incidence of mastitis. On 5 dairy farms, dry cows were randomly divided into 2 experimental groups: a high and a low group. Both groups received a dry cow mineral mix providing 3,000 or 135 IU of vitamin E/cow per day, respectively, between dry-off and calving for a mean period of 8 wk. Providing 3,000 IU of vitamin E exceeds NRC standards, but this amount has been used in previous studies. The experiment, as well as the majority of the statistical analysis, were carried out blinded. Blood was sampled 3 times before calving and on calving day. Serum was analyzed for vitamin E and cholesterol. Vitamin E and the vitamin E: cholesterol ratio were analyzed as dependent variables in mixed models and Student's t-tests to study trends in time and differences between groups. Relative risk calculation and survival analysis were used to study the effect of supplementation on mastitis incidence in the first 3 mo of lactation. The results showed that vitamin E supplements increased both absolute vitamin E and the ratio of vitamin E to cholesterol in blood. In the high group, significantly more subclinical and clinical cases occurred, showing the same trend on all farms. In this study, an initial vitamin E level at dry off above 14.5 mu mol/L was a risk factor for clinical mastitis, suggesting that the vitamin E status at the start of the dry period is important. It is recommended to work out exactly at what threshold vitamin E is harmful for udder health before new trials with high dosages of vitamin E are started. Additionally, further research is required to investigate the mechanism by which vitamin E affects udder health.
Effect of High-Fat and Low-Fat Dairy Products on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors and Immune Function in a Low Birthweight Swine Model of Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance; Although dairy intake has been shown to have a neutral or some beneficial effect on major cardiometabolic risk factors, the impact of dairy, and especially dairy fat, on immune function remains to be investigated. To understand the effect of consuming dairy fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and immune function, we used an established low birthweight (LBW) swine model of diet-induced insulin resistance to compare high-fat and low-fat dairy products to a control high-fat diet (CHF). LBW piglets were randomized to consume one of the 3 experimental HF diets: (1) CHF, (2) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings/day of high-fat dairy (HFDairy) and (3) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings/day of low-fat dairy (LFDairy). As comparison groups, normal birthweight (NBW) piglets were fed a CHF (NBW-CHF) or standard pig grower diet (NBW-Chow). A total of 35 pigs completed the study and were fed for a total of 7 weeks, including 1 week of CHF transition diet. At 12 weeks of age, piglets were euthanized. Fasting blood and tissue samples were collected. Ex vivo cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) stimulated with pokeweed (PWM), phytohemagglutinin (PHA) and phorbol myristate acetate-ionomycin (PMA-I) were assessed. As expected, LBW-CHF piglets showed early signs of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR, P model = 0.08). Feeding high-fat dairy products improved fasting plasma glucose concentrations more than low-fat dairy compared to LBW-CHF (P < 0.05). Irrespective of fat content, dairy consumption had neutral effect on fasting lipid profile. We have also observed lower production of IL-2 after PWM and PHA stimulation as well as lower production of TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma after PWM stimulation in LBW-CHF than in NBW-Chow (all, P < 0.05), suggesting impaired T cell and antigen presenting cell function. While feeding high-fat dairy had minimal effect on immune function, feeding low-fat dairy significantly improved the production of IL-2, TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma after PWM stimulation, IL-2 and IFN-gamma after PHA stimulation as well as TNF-alpha after PMA-I stimulation compared to LBW-CHF (all, P < 0.05). These data provide novel insights into the role of dairy consumption in counteracting some obesity-related cardiometabolic and immune perturbations.
Effects of margarines and butter consumption on lipid profiles, inflammation markers and lipid transfer to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome; Objective: Our purpose was to examine the effects of daily servings of butter, no-trans-fat margarine and plant sterol margarine, within recommended amounts, on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins (Apos), biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, and on the transfer of lipids to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome. Methods: This was a randomized, single-blind study where 53 metabolic syndrome subjects (62% women, mean age 54 years) received isocaloric servings of butter, no-trans-fat margarine or plant sterol margarine in addition to their usual diets for 5 weeks. The main outcome measures were plasma lipids, Apo, inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction markers (CRP, IL-6, CD40L or E-selectin), small dense LDL cholesterol concentrations and in vitro radioactive lipid transfer from cholesterol-rich emulsions to HDL. Difference among groups was evaluated by analysis of variance. Results: There was a significant reduction in Apo-B (-10.4 %, P = 0.043) and in the Apo-B/Apo-A-1 ratio (-11.1%, P = 0.034) with plant sterol margarine. No changes in plasma lipids were noticed with butter and no-trans-fat margarine. Transfer rates of lipids to HDL were reduced in the no-trans-fat margarine group: triglycerides -42.0%, (P<0.001 vs butter and sterol margarine) and free cholesterol -16.2% (P = 0.006 vs sterol margarine). No significant effects were noted on the concentrations of inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction markers among the groups. Conclusions: In free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome consumption of plant sterol and no-trans-fat margarines within recommended amounts reduced, respectively, Apo-B concentrations and the ability of HDL to accept lipids. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2010) 64, 1141-1149; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2010.122; published online 21 July 2010
Dairy Products Consumption and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis; Background: The consumption of dairy products may influence the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but inconsistent findings have been reported. Moreover, large variation in the types of dairy intake has not yet been fully explored. Methods and Results: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to clarify the dose-response association of dairy products intake and T2DM risk. We searched PubMed, EMBASE and Scopus for studies of dairy products intake and T2DM risk published up to the end of October 2012. Random-effects models were used to estimate summary relative risk (RR) statistics. Dose-response relations were evaluated using data from different dairy products in each study. We included 14 articles of cohort studies that reported RR estimates and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) of T2DM with dairy products intake. We found an inverse linear association of consumption of total dairy products (13 studies), low-fat dairy products (8 studies), cheese (7 studies) and yogurt (7 studies) and risk of T2DM. The pooled RRs were 0.94 (95% CI 0.91-0.97) and 0.88 (0.84-0.93) for 200 g/day total and low-fat dairy consumption, respectively. The pooled RRs were 0.80 (0.69-0.93) and 0.91 (0.82-1.00) for 30 g/d cheese and 50 g/d yogurt consumption, respectively. We also found a nonlinear association of total and low-fat dairy intake and T2DM risk, and the inverse association appeared to be strongest within 200 g/d intake. Conclusion: A modest increase in daily intake of dairy products such as low fat dairy, cheese and yogurt may contribute to the prevention of T2DM, which needs confirmation in randomized controlled trials.
Effects of probiotic supplementation on major cardiovascular-related parameters in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus: a secondary-data analysis of a randomized double-blind controlled trial; Background Patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), have a higher risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Meanwhile, probiotics are shown to positively impact CVD-related parameters. This randomized controlled trial sought to evaluate the effects of probiotic supplementation on fundamental CVD-related parameters including atherogenic index of plasma (AIPs), blood pressure, the Framingham risk score, and antioxidant markers in patients with T2DM. Methods Eligible participants were randomly assigned to receive 2 capsules/day of probiotics [each containing 500 mg of L.acidophilus(5 x 10(10) CFU/g), L.plantarum(1.5 x 10(10) CFU/g), L.fermentum(7 x 10(9) CFU/g), L.Gasseri(2 x 10(10) CFU/g) and 38.5 mg of fructo-oligo-saccharides], or placebo for 6 weeks. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP, respectively), mean arterial blood pressure (MAP), atherogenic indices (the ratios of TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, and logTG/HDL-C), the 10-year Framingham CVD risk score, as well as total anti-oxidant capacity (TAC), paraoxonase (PON) and total oxidant status (TOS) were evaluated before and after the study. Final analyses were adjusted based on baseline parameters, and potential covariates including age, sex, PUFA and sodium intakes. Results Sixty participants completed the study. Compared with placebo, probiotic supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in SBP[-9.24 mmHg(- 14.5, - 3.9)], DBP[- 3.71 mmHg(- 6.59, - 0.83)], MAP[- 5.55 mmHg(- 8.8, - 2.31)], the Framingham risk categories [medium-low(1.5) vs. 2 (medium)] and logTG/HDL-C ratio [- 0.08 (- 0.14, 0)] (All P < 0.05) at the end of the study. No significant changes were observed in the antioxidant markers. Conclusion Overall, probiotic supplementation for 6 weeks led to a significant improvement in major CVD-related parameters in populations with T2DM, suggesting the possible beneficial role of probiotics in lowering the risk of future CVDs associated with diabetes. Nevertheless, more studies are needed to confirm the veracity of these results. Trial registration: IRCT2013100714925N1 (registered on November, 9th, 2013).
Kefir in the Prevention and Treatment of Obesity and Metabolic Disorders; Purpose of Review This review summarizes recent animal and human trials examining the potential for kefir to improve obesity, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Evidence for pathways affected and suggestions of possible mechanisms of action are also considered. Recent Findings Human trials examining the ability of kefir to recapitulate metabolic health benefits previously observed in rodent models have found mixed results. Summary Kefir has long been associated with improvements in health including obesity, diabetes, NAFLD, and dyslipidemia in preventative animal trials. While recent evidence from human trials supports a positive role of kefir in modulating diabetes-related markers, the impact of kefir consumption on markers of dyslipidemia, NAFLD, and body composition has been for the most part contradictory to animal findings. Variability in organisms for kefir fermentation poses a significant challenge in making meaningful comparisons. Recommendations for future well-controlled animal and human research are provided.
Change in Food Choices Following a Glycemic Load Intervention in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes; The glycemic index (GI) reflects the postprandial glucose response of carbohydrate-containing foods, and adoption of a lower-GI diet may be beneficial in diabetes management. The purpose of this study was to evaluate change in food-group intake by participants after completing an intervention that included instruction about carbohydrate and the GI using a quasi-experimental design. Recruitment occurred from February to August 2005 and September to December 2006. Individuals 40 to 70 years old with type 2 diabetes for 1 year or longer were randomly assigned to an immediate (n=55) or delayed (n=48) treatment group. A 9-week group-based intervention regarding the quantity and type of carbohydrate for diabetes management was provided. Three sets of 24-hour dietary recalls were used to assess food-group intake. Foods were divided into nine main food groups and 166 subgroups based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2005 and the United States Department of Agriculture's Food Guide Pyramid. Analysis of variance was used to examine between-group differences and paired t test compared maintenance of change for the immediate group. Change in dietary GI was significantly different between groups upon completion of the intervention by the immediate group (P<0.05). Participants consumed significantly more servings of whole fruit and nonfat dairy products following the intervention and fewer servings of vegetable fats (all P<0.05). Only whole-fruit consumption significantly declined in the immediate group during the maintenance period (P<0.05). Nutrition education can facilitate adoption of a lower-GI diet among free-living people with diabetes. Maintaining dietary change likely requires further intervention and support. J Am Diet. Assoc. 2009;109:319-324.
A healthy diet with and without cereal grains and dairy products in patients with type 2 diabetes: study protocol for a random-order cross-over pilot study - Alimentation and Diabetes in Lanzarote -ADILAN; Background: Research on the role of nutrition in type 2 diabetes has largely focused on macro/micronutrient composition and dietary fiber intake, while fewer studies have tested the effects of differing food choice. Some observational studies and short-term intervention studies suggest that a food pattern mimicking the diet with which humans evolved positively influences glucose control and associated endocrine systems. Such a food pattern mainly differs from other common healthy food patterns in its absence of cereal grains and dairy products. The primary aim of this pilot study is to determine the effect of two healthy diets with or without cereal grains and dairy products on glucose control, while keeping participants' weight stable and other food parameters, such as macro/micronutrient composition, dietary fiber and glycemic load, the same in both diets. Methods/Design: We intend to include 15 adult patients with a medical diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus with or without medication and with an increased waist circumference (>= 80 cm for women and >= 94 cm for men) in a random-order cross-over diet intervention study during two periods of four-weeks separated by a six-week washout period. Patients will be instructed to eat two healthy diets according to official dietary guidelines with respect to macro/micronutrient composition and fiber content, but differing in the type of food included, with one diet being without cereal grains and dairy products. Lunch will be served in a hospital kitchen for control of nutrient intake, while the rest of the meals will be eaten at home according to specific directions. The energy content of the diets will be individually adjusted to maintain a stable body weight during the two four-week intervention periods. Primary outcomes will be change in fasting plasma glucagon and fructosamine, while secondary outcomes include change in fasting glucose and glycated hemoglobin, glucose and glucagon response during oral glucose tolerance test, blood lipids, blood pressure, C-reactive protein, body composition, quality of life, subjective experience with the two diets, satiety scores and changes in medication. Discussion: Using these results, we will assess the need to conduct larger and longer studies with similar design.
The effect of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, with and without added calcium, on serum adiponectin and sirtuins 1 and 6 in adult subjects with type 2 diabetes; Background Some evidence suggests indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D in diabetes via adiponectin and sirtuins. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, either with or without added calcium, on serum adiponectin, sirtuins (SIRT)1 and 6. Methods Briefly, 75 adults aged 30-60 years from both sexes with type 2 diabetes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups: (i) D-fortified-yogurt drink (DY; containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 300 mg calcium), (ii) Ca+D-fortified-yogurt drink (CDY; containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 500 mg calcium) and (iii) plain yogurt drink (PY; containing no detectable vitamin D and 300 mg calcium). All assessments were performed initially and after 12 weeks. Results A significant within-group increment in serum adiponectin concentrations was observed in both DY and CDY groups (+60.4 +/- 8.6, +57.5 +/- 6.4 mu g/L, respectively; p < 0.001 for both). The concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 had a significant within-group increment only in the CDY group (p = 0.003, p = 0.001 respectively). Being in CDY group was more favorable predictor of improvement in SIRT6 concentrations. Changes of 25(OH)D were a significant predictor of changes of adiponectin. However, this association disappeared following adjustment for changes of SIRT1. In contrast, the association between changes of 25(OH)D and HbA1c remained significant even after adjustment for SIRT1. Conclusions Daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks resulted in an increase in circulating concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 in T2D subjects and D+Ca-fortified yogurt drink was more in favor of SIRT6 increment.
A casein variant in cow's milk is atherogenic; Casein is a major protein in cow's milk that occurs in several variant forms, two of which are beta-casein A(1) and beta-casein A(2). The levels of these two proteins vary considerably in milk dependent on the breed of cow, and epidemiology studies suggest that there is a relationship between their consumption and the degree of atherosclerosis. In the present study, the direct effect of consumption of beta-casein A(1) vs beta-casein A(2) on atherosclerosis development was examined in a rabbit model. Sixty rabbits had their right carotid artery balloon de-endothelialised at t = 0, divided randomly into 10 groups (n = 6 per group), then for 6 weeks fed a diet containing 0, 5, 10 or 20% casein isolate, either beta-casein variant A(1) or A(2) made up to 20% milk protein with whey. Some groups had their diets supplemented with 0.5% cholesterol. Blood samples were collected at t = 0, 3 and 6 weeks and rabbits were sacrificed at t = 6 weeks. In the absence of dietary cholesterol, beta-casein A(1) produced significantly higher (P < 0.05) serum cholesterol, LDL, HDL and triglyceride levels than whey diet alone, which in turn produced higher levels than beta-casein A(2). Rabbits fed beta-casein A(1) had a higher percent surface area of aorta covered by fatty streaks than those fed beta-casein A(2) (5.2+/-0.81 vs 1.1+/-0.39, P < 0.05) and the thickness of the fatty streak lesions in the aortic arch was significantly higher (0.04+/-0.010 vs 0.00, P < 0.05). Similarly, the intima to media ratio (I:M) of the balloon injured carotid arteries in A(1) fed animals (0.77+/-0.07) was higher than in those that consumed A(2) (0.57+/-0.04) or whey (0.58+/-0.04), but this did not reach significance. In the presence of 0.5% dietary cholesterol, the thickness of the aortic arch lesions was higher (P < 0.05) in 5, 10 and 20% casein A(1) fed animals compared with their A(2) counterparts, while other parameters were not significantly different. It is concluded that beta-casein A(1) is atherogenic compared with beta-casein A(2). (C) 2003 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of dairy fat on plasma phytanic acid in healthy volunteers - a randomized controlled study; Background: Phytanic acid produced in ruminants from chlorophyll may have preventive effects on the metabolic syndrome, partly due to its reported RXR and PPAR-a agonist activity. Milk from cows fed increased levels of green plant material, contains increased phytanic acid concentrations, but it is unknown to what extent minor increases in phytanic acid content in dairy fat leads to higher circulating levels of phytanic acid in plasma of the consumers. Objective: To investigate if cow feeding regimes affects concentration of plasma phytanic acid and risk markers of the metabolic syndrome in human. Design: In a double-blind, randomized, 4 wk, parallel intervention study 14 healthy young subjects were given 45 g milk fat/d from test butter and cheese with 0.24 wt% phytanic acid or a control diet with 0.13 wt% phytanic acid. Difference in phytanic acid was obtained by feeding roughage with low or high content of chlorophyll. Results: There tended to be a difference in plasma phytanic acid (P = 0.0730) concentration after the dietary intervention. Plasma phytanic acid increased significantly within both groups with the highest increase in control group (24%) compared to phytanic acid group (15%). There were no significant effects of phytanic acid on risk markers for the metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: The results indicate that increased intake of dairy fat modify the plasma phytanic acid concentration, regardless of cows feeding regime and the minor difference in dietary phytanic acid. Whether the phytanic acid has potential to affects the risk markers of the metabolic syndrome in human still remain to be elucidated.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised placebo-controlled trial; Animal and human studies suggest that a malleable protein matrix (MPM) from whey decreases plasma lipid concentrations and may positively influence other components of the metabolic syndrome such as glucose metabolism and blood pressure (BP). The primary objective of this double-blind, multi-centre trial was to investigate the effects of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM on fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome. A total of 197 patients were randomised to receive MPM or a matching placebo yoghurt identical in protein content (15 g/d). Patients were treated during 3 months with two daily servings of 150 g yoghurt each to compare changes from baseline in efficacy variables. MPM treatment resulted in a significantly larger reduction of TAG concentrations in comparison to placebo (relative change -16%, P=0.004). The difference was even more pronounced in subjects with elevated fasting TAG (>200 mg/dl) at baseline (-18%, P=0.005). The relative treatment difference in fasting plasma glucose was -7.1 mg/dl (P=0.089). This effect was also more pronounced in subjects with impaired fasting glucose at baseline (-11 mg/dl, P=0.03). In patients with hypertension, the relative treatment difference in systolic BP reached -5.9 mmHg (P=0.054). The relative treatment difference in body weight was -1.7 kg (P=0.015). The most common adverse events were gastrointestinal in nature. Conclusions from the present study are that consumption of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM twice a day over 3 months significantly reduces fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome and improves multiple other cardiovascular risk factors.
Improvement of conception rate in postpartum flaxseed supplemented buffalo with Ovsynch plus CIDR protocol; The present study was conducted on lactating Murrah buffalo to assess the effect of crushed flaxseed (a source of omega-3 fatty acids) supplementation (300 g/100 kg bwt/day for 60 days), over and above the routine feed, on luteolytic signal (PGP(2 alpha)), luteal function (progesterone) and conception rate. In first experiment, on day 50 post-calving, six non-supplemented buffalo were treated to synchronize time of ovulation using an Ovsynch + Controlled Internal Drug Release (CIDR) protocol followed by intravenous oxytocin treatment (OT; 100 IU) on day 15 post-ovulation. Blood samples were collected at 15 min interval, 1 h before to 4 h after OT challenge. Thereafter, the same buffalo were supplemented with flaxseed, treated to synchronize time of ovulation starting on day 35 post-supplementation using the same protocol and subjected to OT treatment and blood sampling on day 15 post-ovulation. The PGF(2 alpha), response was measured as the venous concentration of 13,14-dihydro-15-keto PGF(2 alpha), (PGFM). The mean hourly concentration of PGFM subsequent to flaxseed supplemented was less (P < 0.05) than in the pre-supplementation period at all the occasions. Flaxseed supplementation did not affect plasma fatty acids and other plasma metabolites except for an increase (P < 0.05) in plasma cholesterol and plasma alanine transaminase. In the second experiment, 31 buffalo were randomly assigned to a control (n = 16) and flaxseed supplemented (n = 15) group. The latter group was supplemented with flaxseed starting from day 15 post-calving. On day 50-post-calving, buffalo of both groups were treated to synchronize time of ovulation among animals as described for the first experiment followed by artificial insemination (AI). Post-AI luteal phase plasma progesterone was greater (P < 0.05) in the supplemented group compared to controls. Conception rate on day 63 post-AI was 66.7% in supplemented and 31.2% in controls (P < 0.05). The present study indicated the beneficial impact of dietary supplementation of crushed flaxseed on conception rate through attenuation of luteolytic signal and improvement in post-breeding luteal profile. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A pilot study on the effects of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic foot ulcers; Background & objectives: Diabetic foot ulcers are the most common cause of non-traumatic lower extremity amputations in developing countries. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety of using a polyherbal formulation in healing diabetic foot ulcers in comparison with standard silver sulphadiazine cream among patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A total of 40 (M:F=29:14) consecutive type 2 diabetes patients with foot ulcers were enrolled in this study. They were randomly assigned to two groups of 20 each; Group 1 was treated with polyherbal formulation and group 2 with silver sulphadiazine cream. All the patients were followed up for a period of 5 months. The baseline ulcer size was noted and photograph of the wound was taken at the baseline and at each follow up visit. Number of days taken for healing of the wound was recorded. Results: The mean age of patients, duration of diabetes and HbA1c% were similar in both the study groups. The mean length and width of the ulcers was also similar in both the groups at baseline visit. There was a significant decrease in the size of the wound (length and width) in both the study groups (P<0.001). The mean time taken for the healing of the ulcer was around 43 days in both groups. Interpretation & conclusions: Diabetic wound cream prepared by using polyherbal formulation was found to be effective as well as safe in healing diabetic foot ulcers like the standard silver sulphadiazine cream.
Antidiabetic Treatment in Patients at High Risk for a Subsequent Keratinocyte Carcinoma; Background: Metformin and sulfonylureas are the most commonly prescribed drugs used for the treatment of type II diabetes. Type II diabetes has been linked to the development of keratinocyte carcinoma (KC), consisting of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Previously we have demonstrated lower risk for a subsequent KC in metformin users. In this study, we aim to investigate the association between sulfonylureas use and the development of KC in patients with KC history. We performed a retrospective cohort study of the Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial, which was a randomized double-blind vehicle-control cream originally investigating the effect of 5-fluorouracil on KC development. 932 patients with a history of KC were enrolled (98% male, 99% white, median age of 70 years) and followed for a median duration of 2.8 years. 153 patients were on metformin and 94 on sulfonylureas. We performed a survival analysis with cox regression and controlled for body mass index and known predictors: number of prior BCCs and age (for BCC) and for number of prior SCCs (invasive and in situ), number of actinic keratoses at baseline (for SCC). Sulfonylurea-users com-pared to non-users had a HR of 0.67 (CI: 0.40-1.56; P=0.49) and 0.94 (CI: 0.63-1.40; P=0.77), for SCC and BCC, respectively. Diabetic patients at high risk for KC might benefit from the use of metformin versus sulfonylureas.
Clinical and metabolic indicators associated with early mortality at a milk-fed veal facility: A prospective case-control study; Antimicrobial use and resistance, in combination with high levels of mortality, are important challenges facing the veal industry. To improve both the economic sustainability of the industry and animal welfare, measures need to be taken to explore and address reasons for these challenges. Health status at arrival may be an important predictor of calf mortality because substantial mortality occurs early in the growing period on veal operations. The objective of this observational case-control study was to identify clinically measurable variables and metabolic indicators associated with mortality in the first 21 d following arrival at a veal facility. Calves were evaluated using a standardized health scoring system, blood was collected, calves were weighed, and the supplier of the calf was recorded at arrival. The calves were followed until death or 21 d after arrival. Cases were defined as calves that died <= 21 d following arrival. Two controls for every case were randomly selected from calves that survived >21 d, arrived on the same day, and were housed in the same barn as cases. Stored serum harvested at arrival from cases and controls was submitted for measurement of concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, glucose, cholesterol, urea, haptoglobin, and immunoglobulin G. A conditional logistic regression model was built to evaluate factors associated with mortality <= 21 d following arrival. A total of 4,825 calves were evaluated from November 2015 to September 2016. The mortality risk in the first 21 d was 2.8%, giving 135 cases, which were compared with 270 controls. Six variables were significant in the final multivariable model. Calves with a slightly enlarged navel with slight pain or moisture, and those with severe dehydration had increased odds of mortality <= 21 d following arrival. Drover-derived calves, calves that weighed more, and calves that had higher concentration of immunoglobulin G or cholesterol at arrival were less likely to die. The results demonstrate that calves at elevated risk for early mortality can be identified at arrival using both health and hematological factors. Early recognition of high-risk calves may allow for an intervention that could result in improvement in survival rates; however, prevention of these abnormalities before arrival at veal facilities needs to be further explored.
Short-Term Oral UMP/UR Administration Regulates Lipid Metabolism in Early-Weaned Piglets; Simple Summary Uridine monophosphate (UMP) and uridine (UR) are rich in sow's milk. The results from this study showed that UMP and UR affect the lipid profile and lipid metabolism in weanling piglets. It is suggested that UMP and UR improve the energy status in early-weaned piglets. As a main ingredient of milk, the nucleotides content is about 12-58 mg/g, which plays a critical role in maintaining cellular function and lipid metabolism. This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of short-term uridine monophosphate (UMP) and uridine (UR) administration on lipid metabolism in early-weaned piglets. Twenty-one weaned piglets (7 d of age; 3.32 +/- 0.20 kg average body weight) were randomly assigned into three groups: The control (CON), UMP, and UR group, and oral administered UMP or UR for 10 days, respectively. The results showed that supplementation with UMP significantly increased (p < 0.05) serum low density lipoprotein (LDL) and tended to increase (p = 0.062) serum total cholesterol (TC) content of piglets when compared with the other two groups. Oral administration with UMP and UR significantly decreased (p < 0.05) the serum total bile acid (TBA) and plasma free fatty acids (FFA) of piglets, and significantly reduced the fatty acid content of C12:0 (p < 0.01) and C14:0 (p < 0.05) in liver. Experiments about key enzymes that are involved in de novo synthesis of fatty acid showed that the gene expression of liver X receptors (LXR alpha), sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1 (SREBP1c), fatty acid desaturase 2 (FADS2), and fatty acid elongase 5 (ELOVL5) were remarkably down-regulated (p < 0.05) with UMP and UR treatment, and key factors of adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL), hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL), and carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1 (CPT-1 alpha) involved in fatty acid catabolism were also decreased (p < 0.05). Additionally, the protein expression of phosphorylated-mTOR was not affected while phosphorylation of AKT was repressed (p < 0.05). In conclusion, short-term oral UMP or UR administration could regulate fatty acid composition and lipid metabolism, thus providing energy for early-weaned piglets.
Effects of supplemented isoenergetic diets varying in cereal fiber and protein content on the bile acid metabolic signature and relation to insulin resistance; Bile acids (BA) are potent metabolic regulators influenced by diet. We studied effects of isoenergetic increases in the dietary protein and cereal-fiber contents on circulating BA and insulin resistance (IR) in overweight and obese adults. Randomized controlled nutritional intervention (18 weeks) in 72 non-diabetic participants (overweight/obese: 29/43) with at least one further metabolic risk factor. Participants were group-matched and allocated to four isoenergetic supplemented diets: control; high cereal fiber (HCF); high-protein (HP); or moderately increased cereal fiber and protein (MIX). Whole-body IR and insulin-mediated suppression of hepatic endogenous glucose production were measured using euglycaemic-hyperinsulinemic clamps with [6-6(2)H(2)] glucose infusion. Circulating BA, metabolic biomarkers, and IR were measured at 0, 6, and 18 weeks. Under isoenergetic conditions, HP-intake worsened IR in obese participants after 6 weeks (M-value: 3.77 +/- 0.58 vs. 3.07 +/- 0.44 mg/kg/min, p = 0.038), with partial improvement back to baseline levels after 18 weeks (3.25 +/- 0.45 mg/kg/min, p = 0.089). No deleterious effects of HP-intake on IR were observed in overweight participants. HCF-diet improved IR in overweight participants after 6 weeks (M-value 4.25 +/- 0.35 vs. 4.81 +/- 0.31 mg/kg/min, p = 0.016), but did not influence IR in obese participants. Control and MIX diets did not influence IR. HP-induced, but not HCF-induced changes in IR strongly correlated with changes of BA profiles. MIX-diet significantly increased most BA at 18 weeks in obese, but not in overweight participants. BA remained unchanged in controls. Pooled BA concentrations correlated with fasting fibroblast growth factor-19 (FGF-19) plasma levels (r = 0.37; p = 0.003). Higher milk protein intake was the only significant dietary predictor for raised total and primary BA in regression analyses (total BA, p = 0.017; primary BA, p = 0.011). Combined increased intake of dietary protein and cereal fibers markedly increased serum BA concentrations in obese, but not in overweight participants. Possible mechanisms explaining this effect may include compensatory increases of the BA pool in the insulin resistant, obese state; or defective BA transport.
Dietary Chromium Picolinate Supplementation Improves Glucose Utilization in Transition Calf by Ameliorating Insulin Response; The decrease in insulin sensitivity during the transition of preruminant calves into ruminant animals is the common denominator. Meanwhile, this adaptation predisposes dairy calves towards various health issues and metabolic disorders that occur in later life. Chromium (Cr) has been shown to potentiate insulin functioning and is thereby helpful in reducing the risk of these metabolic disorders. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of Cr supplementation on the insulin sensitivity and health status in Hariana calves during their transition period. A total of 24 preruminant Hariana calves were randomly allocated into four groups (6 calves per group) for a period of 90 days. Calves either received a basal diet devoid of supplemental Cr (control; Cr-0.0 group) or were supplemented with 0.05 mg (Cr-0.05 group), 0.10 mg (Cr-0.10 group), and 0.15 mg (Cr-0.15 group) of Cr per kg BW0.75 as Cr-picolinate (Cr-Pic). To determine the effect of Cr supplementation on the insulin response, glucose-insulin-non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs) kinetics was studied during the intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A rapid glucose disappearance (p < 0.05) with unaltered insulin kinetics during IVGTT and OLTT indicates greater insulin sensitivity in calves supplemented with 0.10 and 0.15 mg of Cr per kg BW0.75. Improved insulin sensitivity in the Cr-0.10 and Cr-0.15 groups was further confirmed by higher (p < 0.05) values of the insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (RQUICKI), and lower (p < 0.05) values of the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) during IVGTT. Mean serum non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA(m)), and insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) levels were the highest (p < 0.05) and cortisol concentrations were the lowest (p < 0.05) in the Cr-0.15 groups. Unlike IVGTT, there was no effect of treatment, period, and treatment x period interaction on mean serum glucose and insulin levels during OGTT. However, Cr-supplemented calves had a higher (p < 0.05) glucose clearance rate (gCR). Serum IRS-1 concentrations during OGTT were also higher (p < 0.05) in the Cr-0.10 and Cr-0.15 groups than in the other groups. Serum Cr levels increased dose dependently and were the highest (p < 0.05) in calves fed a diet supplemented with 0.15 mg Cr per kg BW0.75. There was no effect of treatment on average daily gain (ADG) and body condition score (BCS) while frequency and duration of diarrhea were lower and fecal score was better in Cr-supplemented calves. The current findings show that Cr supplementation improved glucose utilization and health status in calves during their transition period by improving insulin sensitivity.
The Effect of Purslane Seeds on Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress in Diabetic Patients: A Randomized Controlled Cross-over Clinical Trial; Background: This study was designed to examine the effects of purslane seeds on biomarkers of oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: This cross-over randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 40 patients with type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 10 g/day purslane seeds with 240 cc low-fat yogurt (intervention group) or only 240 cc low-fat yogurt (as a control group) for 5 weeks. After a 2-week washout period, subjects were moved to the alternate arm for an additional 5 weeks. At baseline and end of each study phase, fasting blood samples were collected to quantify biomarkers of oxidative stress. Results: We observed a slight decrease in plasma total antioxidant capacity in both groups, however, between-group changes were not significant (-2.67 vs. -2.95 mu g/dL, P = 0.94). Plasma malondialdehyde in purslane group increased slightly, however, we observed no significant effect in the control group (1.62 vs. -0.47 mu g/dL, P = 0.58). Although both groups had a slight reduction in plasma oxidized low-density lipoprotein (ox-LDL), we failed to find any significant effect of purslane on plasma ox-LDL (-1.06 vs. -1.71 mu g/dL, P = 0.85). Conclusions: This cross-over clinical trial revealed that consumption of purslane seeds for 5 weeks in type 2 diabetic patients did not result in improved oxidative stress.
Vitamin D receptor <i>Cdx-2</i>-dependent response of central obesity to vitamin D intake in the subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomised clinical trial; This study aimed to investigate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (doogh) on central obesity indicators in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and the possible modulation of this effect by vitamin D receptor (VDR) Cdx-2 genotypes. A total of sixty T2D subjects were randomly allocated to two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD; n 29, containing 170 mg Ca and no vitamin D/250 ml) or vitamin D-3-fortified doogh (FD; n 31, containing 170 mg Ca and 12.5 mu g/250 ml) twice a day for 12 weeks. 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D), glycaemic as well as adiposity indicators were evaluated before and after the intervention. VDR-Cdx-2 genotypes in extended number of T2D subjects in the FD group (n 60) were determined as AA, GA and GG. After 12 weeks, in FD compared with PD, serum 25(OH) D increased (+35.4v. -4.8 nmol/l; P < 0.001) and mean changes of waist circumference (WC; -1.3v. +1.6 cm; P = 0.02), body fat mass (FM; -1.9v. +0.60 %; P = 0.008), truncal fat (TF; -1.1v. 0.13 %; P = 0.003) and visceral adipose tissue (-0.80 v. + 0.37 AU; P < 0.001) decreased significantly. Circulating 25(OH) D was raised only in the AA group (34.8 nmo/l in AA group v. -6.4 nmol/l in AG and -1.6 nmol/l in GG groups; P < 0.001), which was accompanied by a significant decrease in changes of WC (P = 0.004), FM% (P = 0.01) and TF% (P < 0.001) in the AA genotype. Daily intake of vitamin D-FD for 12 weeks improved the central obesity indices in T2D subjects, and the improvement was more pronounced in the carriers of the AA genotype of VDR-Cdx-2.
Health effects of milk consumption: phenome-wide Mendelian randomization study; Background We performed phenome-wide Mendelian randomization analysis (MR-PheWAS), two-sample MR analysis, and systemic review to comprehensively explore the health effects of milk consumption in the European population. Methods Rs4988235 located upstream of the LCT gene was used as the instrumental variable for milk consumption. MR-PheWAS analysis was conducted to map the association of genetically predicted milk consumption with 1081 phenotypes in the UK Biobank study (n=339,197). The associations identified in MR-PheWAS were examined by two-sample MR analysis using data from the FinnGen study (n=260,405) and international consortia. A systematic review of MR studies on milk consumption was further performed. Results PheWAS and two-sample MR analyses found robust evidence in support of inverse associations of genetically predicted milk consumption with risk of cataract (odds ratio (OR) per 50 g/day increase in milk consumption, 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.84-0.94; p=3.81x10(-5)), hypercholesterolemia (OR, 0.91, 95% CI 0.86-0.96; p=2.97x10(-4)), and anal and rectal polyps (OR, 0.85, 95% CI, 0.77-0.94; p=0.001). An inverse association for type 2 diabetes risk (OR, 0.92, 95% CI, 0.86-0.97; p=0.003) was observed in MR analysis based on genetic data with body mass index adjustment but not in the corresponding data without body mass index adjustment. The systematic review additionally found evidence that genetically predicted milk consumption was inversely associated with asthma, hay fever, multiple sclerosis, colorectal cancer, and Alzheimer's disease, and positively associated with Parkinson's disease, renal cell carcinoma, metabolic syndrome, overweight, and obesity. Conclusions This study suggests several health effects of milk consumption in the European population.
Effects of Capsicum Oleoresin Supplementation on Lactation Performance, Plasma Metabolites, and Nutrient Digestibility of Heat Stressed Dairy Cow; Simple Summary Heat stress has significant adverse effects on the lactation performance of dairy cows. Therefore, novel feed additives that alleviate heat stress are continuously being researched and developed to deal with this predicament. On this basis, the effects of Capsicum oleoresin supplementation on the lactation performance, rectal temperature, plasma metabolites, and nutrient digestibility of dairy cows were studied. The results showed that the dietary addition of Capsicum oleoresin could improve dry matter intake, milk yield, and milk quality, and reduce the rectal temperature of dairy cows. Furthermore, Capsicum oleoresin supplementation also alters plasma metabolites. In summary, Capsicum oleoresin could effectively be used as a feed additive to relieve heat stress in dairy cows. The present study investigates the effect of Capsicum oleoresin (CAP) supplementation on the dry matter intake, milk performance, plasma metabolites, and nutrient digestibility of dairy cows during the summer. Thirty-two lactating Holstein dairy cows (n = 32) were randomly divided into four groups. The CAP was dissolved in water and added to the total mixed ration with graded levels of CAP (0, 20, 40, and 80 mg/kg of dry matter). The trial period consisted of seven days for adaptation and thirty days for sampling. Data were analyzed using the MIXED and GLM procedure SAS. The linear and quadratic effects were tested. The milk yield, milk fat, and milk urea nitrogen increased linearly with the dietary addition of CAP (p < 0.05). The dry matter intake increased linearly in the 20CAP group (p < 0.05). Additionally, the 4% fat-corrected milk, energy-corrected milk, milk fat yield, and milk fat to milk protein ratio increased quadratically (p < 0.05), while the rectal temperature decreased quadratically (p < 0.05). Serum total cholesterol and non-esterified fatty acids increased linearly (p < 0.05); glucose and beta-hydroxybutyrate tended to increase quadratically with the dietary addition of CAP (p = 0.05). Meanwhile, CAP supplementation did not affect the milk protein yield, blood concentration of triglyceride, insulin, lipopolysaccharide, immunoglobulin G, or heat shock protein 70 expression level (p > 0.05). In addition, nutrient digestibility was comparable among groups (p > 0.05). These findings indicated that CAP supplementation could enhance the lactation performance of dairy cows during the summer.
Effects of whey protein on skeletal muscle microvascular and mitochondrial plasticity following 10 weeks of exercise training in men with type 2 diabetes; Skeletal muscle microvascular dysfunction and mitochondrial rarefaction feature in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) linked to low tissue glucose disposal rate (GDR). Exercise training and milk protein supplementation independently promote microvascular and metabolic plasticity in muscle associated with improved nutrient delivery, but combined effects are unknown. In a randomised-controlled trial, 24 men (55.6 y, SD 5.7) with T2DM ingested whey protein drinks (protein/carbohydrate/fat: 20/10/3 g WHEY) or placebo (carbohydrate/fat: 30/3 g; CON) before/after 45 mixed-mode intense exercise sessions over 10 weeks, to study effects on insulin-stimulated (hyperinsulinemic damp) skeletal-muscle microvascular blood flow (mBF) and perfusion (near-infrared spectroscopy), and histological, genetic, and biochemical markers (biopsy) of microvascular and mitochondrial plasticity. WHEY enhanced insulin-stimulated perfusion (WHEY-CON 5.6%; 90% CI 0.1, 11.3), while mBF was not altered (3.5%; 17.5, 24.5); perfusion, but not mBF, associated (regression) with increased GDR. Exercise training increased mitochondrial (range of means: 40%-90%) and lipid density (20%-30%), enzyme activity (20%-70%), capillary:fibre ratio (similar to 25%), and lowered systolic (similar to 4%) and diastolic (4%-5%) blood pressure, but without WHEY effects. WHEY dampened PGClot -2.9% (90% compatibility interval: -5.7, -0.2) and NOS3 -6.4% (-1.4, -0.2) expression, but other messenger RNA (mRNA) were unclear. Skeletal muscle microvascular and mitochondrial exercise adaptations were not accentuated by whey protein ingestion in men with T2DM. ANZCTR Registration Number. ACTRN12614001197628. Novelty: Chronic whey ingestion in T2DM with exercise altered expression of several mitochondrial and angiogenic mRNA. Whey added no additional benefit to muscle microvascular or mitochondrial adaptations to exercise. Insulin-stimulated perfusion increased with whey but was without impact on glucose disposal.
Insulin resistance in divergent strains of Holstein-Friesian dairy cows offered fresh pasture and increasing amounts of concentrate in early lactation; The objective of this study was to determine whether the physiological response to an intravenous glucose challenge would be affected by genetic strain or concentrate supplementation in grazing Holstein-Friesian cows in early lactation. North American (NA; n = 30) or New Zealand (NZ; n = 30) cows were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 feeding treatments. All cows were offered a generous pasture allowance, and 4 of the 6 groups received either 3 or 6 kg of dry matter (DM)/cow per day of concentrates. During wk 5 of lactation, all cows underwent an intravenous glucose challenge. Cows of NA origin produced more milk than NZ cows, but there was no significant strain effect on milk fat or protein yield. Milk yield and the yield of individual components increased with increasing level of concentrate eaten, but there were no significant strain x diet interactions. During wk 1 to 6, mean body weight and body condition score decreased in all treatments. Average body weight was greater in NA cows, but body condition score was greater for NZ cows. There was no strain or diet effect on the length of the postpartum anovulatory interval, with cows ovulating before 40 d postpartum on average. Glucose fractional turnover rate was greater in NZ cows compared with those of NA origin and in all cows receiving 6 kg of DM concentrates, indicating a less severe insulin resistance in those treatments. Consistent with this, the time taken to dispose of half the peak glucose concentration was less when 6 kg of DM concentrate was fed, and tended to be less in NZ than in NA cows. There was no effect of genetic strain on glucose area under the curve (AUC) at 60 or 120 min, but AUC at both time points was less in cows receiving 6 kg of DM concentrates per day. Neither genetic strain nor nutrition affected basal or peak insulin concentrations, insulin increment, or insulin AUC, and there were no strain x diet interactions for any of the glucose challenge response variables measured. In conclusion, differences in milk production between NA and NZ cows in early lactation can, at least in part, be explained by the greater degree of insulin resistance in the NA cows, and this insulin resistance can be overcome by supplementing grazing cows with 6 kg of DM concentrates.
Effect of a dairy- and calcium-rich diet on weight loss and appetite during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults: a randomized trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A diet rich in dairy and calcium (Ca) has been variably associated with improvements in body composition and decreased risk of type 2 diabetes. Our objective was to determine if a dietary pattern high in dairy and Ca improves weight loss and subjective appetite to a greater extent than a low dairy/Ca diet during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 49 participants were randomized to one of two treatment groups: Control (low dairy, similar to 700mg/day Ca, -500 kcal/day) or Dairy/Ca (high dairy, similar to 1400 mg/day Ca, -500 kcal/day) for 12 weeks. Body composition, subjective ratings of appetite, food intake, plasma satiety hormones, glycemic response and inflammatory cytokines were measured. RESULTS: Control (-2.2 +/- 0.5 kg) and Dairy/Ca (-3.3 +/- 0.6 kg) had similar weight loss. Based on self-reported energy intake, the percentage of expected weight loss achieved was higher with Dairy/Ca (82.1 +/- 19.4%) than Control (32.2 +/- 7.7%; P = 0.03). Subjects in the Dairy/Ca group reported feeling more satisfied (P = 0.01) and had lower dietary fat intake (P = 0.02) over 12 weeks compared with Control. Compared with Control, Dairy/Ca had higher plasma levels of peptide tyrosine tyrosine (PYY, P = 0.01) during the meal tolerance test at week 12. Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 was reduced at 30 min with Dairy/Ca compared with Control (P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, a dairy-and Ca-rich diet was not associated with greater weight loss than control. Modest increases in plasma PYY concentrations with increased dairy/Ca intake, however, may contribute to enhanced sensations of satisfaction and reduced dietary fat intake during energy restriction. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2013) 67, 371-376; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2013.52; published online 6 March 2013
Effect of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> Dad-13 on Metabolic Profiles and Gut Microbiota in Type 2 Diabetic Women: A Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial; Several pathways link type 2 diabetes (T2D) mellitus to the gut microbiome. By modifying the gut microbiota (GM), probiotics may be useful in the treatment of T2D. Lactobacillus plantarum Dad-13 is an indigenous Indonesian probiotic strain that has colonized the digestive tracts of healthy Indonesian adults. Furthermore, the GM of Indonesians is dominated by L. plantarum. The probiotic L. plantarum Dad-13 is likely suitable for Indonesians. This study aimed to assess the effect of the probiotic L. plantarum Dad-13 on metabolic profiles and GM of women with T2D in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. Twenty women from each group of forty T2D patients received either a probiotic or a placebo. The probiotic group consumed 1 g skim milk powder containing 10(10) CFU/g L. plantarum daily for 11 weeks. The placebo group received 1 g skim milk powder only daily for 11 weeks. At the start and end of the experiment, anthropometric measures, dietary intake surveys, blood samples, and fecal samples were obtained. The GM analysis of all samples was performed using polymerase chain reaction, and Illumina Novaseq was applied to the selected samples from each group at the beginning and end of the trial. Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) were analyzed with gas chromatography. The level of HbA1c in the probiotic group (n:10) significantly decreased from 9.34 +/- 2.79% to 8.32 +/- 2.04%. However, in comparison with the placebo (n:8), L. plantarum Dad-13 supplementation did not significantly decrease the HbA1c level. No significant change was observed in the fasting blood sugar and total cholesterol levels in either group. The GM analysis showed that L. plantarum Dad-13 supplementation resulted in a considerable increase in the L. plantarum number. No significant changes were observed in the Bifidobacterium and Prevotella populations. In addition, no significant change was observed in the fecal pH and SCFA (e.g., acetic acid, propionate, butyrate, and total SCFA) after supplementation with L. plantarum Dad-13.
Evaluation of type 2 diabetes prevention through diet modification in people with impaired glucose regulation: A population-based study; Purpose: A few interventional studies to date have specifically assessed the association between dairy products and/or sugar consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) incidence. The aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of diet modification in people with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) as defined by a glucose tolerance test (GTT). Methods: A quasi-experimental study design was used for this study. A total of 318 randomly selected 18-year-old or older participants from the rural area of the Kyiv region of Ukraine who had not been registered as T2D patients before underwent GTT between June 2013 and June 2017. For those who had been diagnosed with IGR, World Health Organization (WHO)/International Diabetes Federation criteria were used. Of 318 participants screened for T2D, 123 (74% of them females) were diagnosed with IGR. They were aged 18 to 79 years old with a median (Q(I) - Q(III)) age of 62 (52-68) years. They were repeatedly tested during the study and completed a questionnaire on average 2.8 (1.1) years (standard deviation [SD]), after they had received their lifestyle-based T2D prevention recommendations. In addition to basic recommendations, they were advised to consume approximately 200 g of low-fat dairy products and less than 25 g of sugar daily. Cases of screen-detected diabetes mellitus (SDDM) were diagnosed and reported as an outcome variable if a fast capillary blood glucose level reached 6.1 mmol/L and above. To define the association between implementation of recommendations and the risk of SDDM, the Cox proportional-hazards regression analysis was used. Results: During the study observation period, 56 (45.5%) of 123 IGR-positive participants were recognized as SDDM cases. Those individuals with IGR (n =111) who confirmed their adherence to preventive recommendations had a significantly lower risk of identifying SDDM, age- and gender-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 0.26 (95% CI; 0.09-0.72). This effect appears to be related to the recommendation to reduce the daily intake of sugar to less than 25 g (n = 99), corresponding to age- and gender-adjusted HR 0.44 (95% CI; 0.2-0.99). We cannot prove that increasing consumption of dairy products, vegetables, and fruit or increased physical activity had similar effectiveness. Conclusions: After 2.8 years of follow-up, the individuals who are IGR-positive and who confirmed their adherence to lifestyle-based preventive recommendations had a significantly lower risk of identifying SDDM. This effect appears to be related to recommendations to reduce the daily intake of sugar to less than 25 g. (C) 2019 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consumption of Dairy Products in Relation to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese People: The Henan Rural Cohort Study and an Updated Meta-Analysis; Recent studies on whether dairy consumption is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have yielded inconsistent results, so we explored the relationship between dairy consumption and T2DM through a large-sample, cross-sectional study and a meta-analysis. In the meta-analysis, summary relative risks (RRs) of 23 articles were compiled with a random effects model, and a restricted cubic spline regression model was used to explore whether there is a nonlinear relationship between dairy intake and T2DM risk. This cross-sectional study used baseline data from 38,735 participants of the Henan Rural Cohort study and the association between dairy consumption and T2DM was analyzed by a logistic regression model. The meta-analysis revealed a borderline negative significant association between total dairy intake and risk of T2DM, the RR and 95% confidence interval (CI) was 0.94; (0.89, 1.00), and the risk was lowest at 270 g daily dairy intake. In the cross-sectional study, there were 3654 T2DM patients and 68.3 percent of the respondents had no dairy intake. The average intake of dairy in the total population was 12 g per day. Fully adjusted analyses suggested positive associations, with an odds ratio (OR) comparing the highest with the zero intake of 1.34 (95% CI: 1.22, 1.48) for all participants, which was unaffected by sex. Dairy intake in rural areas of Henan province is low, and we found, in the context of overall low dairy intake, that a high intake was positively associated with T2DM, which is inconsistent with the meta-analysis results suggesting that dairy has marginal protective effects against T2DM.
Ovarian follicular development, lipid peroxidation, antioxidative status and immune response in laying hens fed fish oil-supplemented diets to produce n-3-enriched eggs; The objective of the present study was to research the effect of feeding laying hens fish oil-supplemented diets to produce n-3-enriched eggs on their ovarian follicular development, serum lipid peroxidation, antioxidative status and immune response. A total of 105 white Bovens hens at 24 weeks of age were housed in cages in an open-sided building under a 16 h light: 8 h dark lighting schedule. Birds were randomly divided into five treatments and were fed, ad libitum, diets containing 0% (control), 1.25%, 2.594%, 3,5% or 5.0% fish oil from 24 to 36 weeks of age. Egg production and weight were recorded. By weeks 35 and 36 of age 15 eggs were taken at random from each treatment to determine the yolk lipid profile and cholesterol content. At the end of the experimental period, 10 females from each treatment were randomly chosen, anaesthetised and killed by decapitation. Ovary and oviduct samples were immediately weighted and ovarian follicles were classified. Serum thiobarbituric acid-reactive substance (TBARS), hepatic TBARS and hepatic glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) activity were measured. No clear trend was observed concerning egg production and egg yolk cholesterol. As dietary fish oil levels increased, n-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) increased, whereas n-6 PUFA tended to decrease in yolk lipids. No negative effects were detected in ovary and oviduct weights, expressed in both absolute terms and relative to body weight. The numbers and total weights of large yellow follicles (LYF) in the ovary were not significantly affected by fish oil supplementation. Low levels (1.25% to 2.5%) of fish oil reduced both plasma and hepatic TBARS and enhanced GSH-Px activity. It is also interesting to note that inclusion of 2.5% fish oil in laying hen diets enhanced the antibody titre in laying hens. Therefore, it could be concluded that inclusion of fish oil in laying hen diets at moderate levels increased the n-3 fatty acids content in eggs, improved antioxidative status, enhanced the antibody response and did not have a negative influence on the different reproductive morphology parameters in laying hens.
Comparative Metabolomics Elucidates Postprandial Metabolic Modifications in Plasma of Obese Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome; Although higher intakes of dairy milk are associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS), the underlying protective mechanism remains unclear. This study investigated the dynamic metabolic profile shift following the ingestion of low-fat milk or an isocaloric volume of rice milk in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS). In a randomized, double-blind, crossover study, postprandial plasma samples (n = 266) were collected from 19 MetS participants. Plasma samples were analyzed by a targeted metabolomics platform which specifically detects 117 metabolites from 25 metabolic pathways. The comprehensive time course metabolic profiling in MetS participants indicated that the postprandial metabolic profiles distinguish low-fat milk and rice milk consumption in a time-dependent manner. Metabolic biomarkers, such as orotate, leucine/isoleucine and adenine, showed significantly different trends in the two test beverages. Bayesian statistics identified 12 metabolites associated with clinical characteristics of postprandial vascular endothelial function, such as flow-mediated dilation (FMD), postprandial plasma markers of oxidative stress and NO status. Furthermore, metabolic pathway analysis based on these metabolite data indicated the potential utility of metabolomics to provide mechanistic insights of dietary interventions to regulate postprandial metabolic excursions.
Empirically derived dietary patterns and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis on prospective observational studies; Objective To systematically review prospective cohort studies about the association between dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) incidence, and to quantify the effects using a meta-analysis. Design Databases such as PubMed, ISI Web of Science, SCOPUS and Google Scholar were searched up to 15 January 2015. Cohort studies which tried to examine the association between empirically derived dietary patterns and incident T2DM were selected. The relative risks (RR) and their 95 % confidence intervals for diabetes among participants with highest v. lowest adherence to derived dietary patterns were incorporated into meta-analysis using random-effects models. Results Ten studies (n 404 528) were enrolled in the systematic review and meta-analysis; our analysis revealed that adherence to the healthy' dietary patterns significantly reduced the risk of T2DM (RR=086; 95 % CI 082, 090), while the unhealthy' dietary patterns adversely affected diabetes risk (RR=130; 95 % CI 118, 143). Subgroup analysis showed that unhealthy dietary patterns in which foods with high phytochemical content were also loaded did not significantly increase T2DM risk (RR=106; 95 % CI 087, 130). Conclusions Healthy' dietary patterns containing vegetables, fruits and whole grains can lower diabetes risk by 14 %. Consuming higher amounts of red and processed meats, high-fat dairy and refined grains in the context of unhealthy' dietary patterns will increase diabetes risk by 30 %; while including foods with high phytochemical content in these patterns can modify this effect.
Co-Administration of Soluble Fibres and <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> NCDC19 Fermented Milk Prevents Adiposity and Insulin Resistance Via Modulation of Lipid Mobilization Genes in Diet-Induced Obese Mice; Background: Numerous reports explaining the beneficial health effects of soluble fibres and probiotics on lifestyle disorders have been published. However, a little information is available on coadministration of soluble fibres such as gum acacia & inulin and probiotic lactobacilli. Therefore, in the present study, we have evaluated the synergistic effects of soluble fibres and probiotic fermented milk on adiposity, insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in C57BL/6 mice fed high-fat and sucrose diet for 18 weeks. Objective: To explore the synergistic effect of soluble fibres (gum acacia/inulin) and Lactobacillus casei NCDC19 fermented milk on adiposity, insulin resistance and lipid mobilization genes in dietinduced obese mice. Methods: C57BL/6 mice were divided randomly into three groups (n = 9/group) according to their body weights. The HFS group was fed high-fat and sucrose diet, the HFS-GFM group was fed HFS diet incorporated with gum acacia (7%, w/w) along with L. casei NCDC19 fermented milk and HFS-IFM group was fed HFS diet incorporated with inulin (7%, w/w) along with L. casei NCDC19 fermented milk. Results: At the end of the experiment, final body weight, epididymal fat (E.fat) weight, and adipocyte size were found to be lower in groups received either gum acacia or inulin in combination with L. casei NCDC19 fermented milk (HFS-GFM or HFS-IFM). Also, fasting blood glucose, serum insulin, triglycerides, and VLDL-cholesterol levels were decreased significantly in both HFS-GFM and HFS-IFM fed groups. Furthermore, relative mRNA expression of genes (cpt1, foxa2, pgc1 beta, and ppar alpha) related to fatty acid oxidation enhanced significantly in the liver. In E.fat pad, expression of adiponectin was upregulated, whereas, leptin expression was reduced considerably. Also, expression of fasting-induced adipose factor enhanced significantly in the distal ileum of mice in HFS-GFM and HFS-IFM groups. Conclusion: Overall, we demonstrate that co-administration of soluble fibres viz. gum acacia, inulin and L. casei NCDC19 fermented milk exhibited the anti-adiposity effects, improved insulin sensitivity and dyslipidemia in mice via modulation of lipid mobilization genes.
Effect of Particle Size of Forage in the Dairy Ration on Feed Intake, Production Parameters and Quantification of Manure Index; The objectives of this study were to measure particle size and evaluate the effect of increasing alfalfa hay particle size on production characteristics in lactating Holstein dairy cows. Ninety multiparous Holstein cows in early to mid-lactation were randomly assigned in a complete randomized design for a 30-day period. Animals were offered one of the three diets, which were identical in energy, protein, and chemical composition, but differed only in particle size of alfalfa hay. The treatments were A) total mixed ration (TMR) in which only fine chopped alfalfa hay was incorporated in the ration, B) the same diet in which half of the alfalfa hay was fine chopped and incorporated in the mixed ration and half was long hay and offered as a top dressing, and C) the same diet with long hay alfalfa offered as a top dressing. Distribution of particle size of rations was determined through 20,000, 8,000 and 1,000 pm sieves. The new method of quantitative determination of manure index was examined for each cow on different treatments. The geometric mean length of particle size in the rations was 5,666, 9,900 and 11,549 mu m for treatments A, B and C, respectively. Fat corrected milk (4%), milk fat percentage and production were significantly different (p<0.05) in treatment A versus B and C (fat corrected milk (FCM, 4%)) 28.3 vs. 35.2 and 32.3 kg/d. fat percentage 2.89, 4.04 and 3.62; but the change of ration particle size had no significant effect on milk production (p>0.05). Blood concentration of cholesterol in treatment A was significantly higher (p<0.05) than treatment B and C (181.0 vs. 150.0 and 155.2 mg/dl). Manure index in treatment C was significantly different (p<0.05) from treatment B (15.86 vs. 17.67). Based on these experimental findings, it is concluded that an increase in the ration particle size can increase milk fat percentage due to providing more physically effective fiber, which in turn could effect changes in manure consistency.
Reduction of plasma NEFA concentration by nicotinic acid enhances the response to insulin in feed-restricted holstein cows; The objective was to investigate the relationship between elevated plasma nonesterified fatty acid ( NEFA) concentration and insulin resistance in Holstein cows. Six nonlactating, nongestating, ruminally cannulated Holstein cows were blocked by body condition score and randomly assigned to a sequence of 2 treatments in a crossover design. Cows were offered legume and grass hay ad libitum supplemented with minerals and vitamins and were allowed free access to water and a trace mineralized salt block. Mobilization of body reserves was stimulated by withdrawing forage for 48 h before initiation of treatments. Treatments consisted of 11 hourly abomasal infusions of water ( control) or nicotinic acid (NA; 6 mg/h per kg of body weight) as an antilipolytic agent. Infusions of NA decreased plasma NEFA concentration from 545 mu Eq/L to approximately 100 mu Eq/L within 2 h after initiation of treatments, and differences were maintained throughout infusions. Intravenous glucose tolerance test was performed 8 h after initiation of treatments and was followed by 3 h of blood sampling. The reduction of plasma NEFA concentration led to significantly greater glucose clearance rate (1.9 vs. 1.2%/min) and to decreased glucose half-life ( 37 vs. 58 min), time to reach basal concentration ( 81 vs. 114 min) and glucose response area under the curve during 180 min of sampling [ 6,942 vs. 10,085 ( mu IU/mL) x 180 min]. Enhanced glucose clearance was achieved when plasma NEFA was reduced by NA, despite lower insulin concentration ( 70.0 vs. 97.9 +/- 13.4 mu IU/mL) and a tendency for smaller insulin response area under the curve during 180 min of sampling [ 7,646 vs. 12,104 +/- 2,587 ( mu IU/ mL) x 180 min], reflecting an increased response to endogenous insulin. Based on literature, we do not expect NA to have altered glucose metabolism directly; therefore, this experiment demonstrates a cause and effect relationship between elevated NEFA and insulin resistance in Holstein cows.
Effect of symbiotic supplementation on glycemic control, lipid profiles and microalbuminuria in patients with non-obese type 2 diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial; Background: The prevalent raise of type 2 diabetes (T2D) around the globe, are creating higher risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and increasing strain on each country's health care budget in the world. Microalbuminuria has appeared as a key parameter in diabetic patients. Microalbuminuria is also related to increased cardiovascular morbidity in people who are non-obese diabetic. Some studies have suggested that consumption of symbiotic foods might help improve the metabolic profile, inflammatory factors and biomarkers of oxidative stress. The aim of trial was to determine the effect of symbiotic supplementation on glycemic control, lipid profiles and microalbuminuria in non-obese T2D. Methods: In this randomized, double-blind, clinically controlled trial, 70 patients with T2D (28 females, 42 males) were randomly divided into two groups (n = 35 for each group). The symbiotic group (SG) consumed 500 mg/d of symbiotic supplementations containing probiotics (Lactobacillus family, Bifidobacterium family, Streptococus thermophilus), Prebiotics (Fructo oligosaccharide) and B group vitamins (1 mg), lactose (0.5 mg), malt-dextrin, magnesium saturate and the placebo group (PG) consumed capsules filled with row starch and also B group vitamins (1 mg), lactose (0.5 mg), malt-dextrin, magnesium saturate for 9 weeks. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), blood lipid profiles, 24-h dietary recalls, and anthropometric measurements were measured at the baseline and at the end of trial. SPSS software, version 16 was used to test the data and the results were expressed as mean +/- standard deviation. Paired samples T-Test were used to compare continuous variables within groups. Comparison between different groups was performed through two independent samples T-Test. In the absence of normal distribution, the comparison between the groups was made using non-parametric Wilcoxon on signed ranks and Mann-Whitney tests. P values < 0.05 was considered significant. Results: Symbiotic supplementation decreased significantly, FBG (P = 0.05) and HbA1c (P < 0.01). There were no significant differences in lipid profiles within and between the groups at the end of study (P > 0.05). Microalbuminuria (P < 0.05) and HbA1c (P < 0.05) are increased significantly in PG at the end of the study. Furthermore, the mean changes of microalbuminuria and HbA1c experienced significant between the two groups. There was significant reduction in urea between two groups from baseline (P = 0.051). No significant changes in baseline were shown in creatinine among the two groups or within either groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The consumption of 500 mg/d symbiotic supplementation for 9 weeks could improve the HbA1c, BMI and Microalbuminuria in T2D. Although, No effect has been indicated on FBS, lipid profiles, urea and creatinine.
The effect of microbiome-modulating probiotics, prebiotics and synbiotics on glucose homeostasis in type 2 diabetes: A systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of clinical trials; Aim/hypothesis: The globally escalating diabetes epidemic is responsible for significant morbidity and mortality. Microbiome-modulating nutraceuticals have been investigated for their potential to restore metabolic and floral homeostasis in type 2 diabetic patients Methods: A systematic review, meta-analyses and meta-regressions were conducted to investigate the effect of probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics on various biomarkers of glucose homeostasis based on a multi-database search of clinical trials published through April 10, 2022. Data was pooled using random effects meta-analyses and reported as mean differences with 95% confidence intervals (CIs), followed by univariate linear model meta-regression. Results: Data from 68 trial comparisons across 58 studies (n = 3835) revealed that, compared to placebo/control group, administration of pro/pre/synbiotics was associated with statistically significant changes in fasting plasma glucose (-12.41 mg/dl [95% CI: -15.94; -8.88], p 0.0001), glycated hemoglobin (-0.38% [95% CI: -0.47; -0.30], p 0.0001), fasting insulin (-1.49 mu U/mL [95% CI: -2.12; -0.86], p 0.0001), HOMA-IR (-0.69 [95% CI: -1.16; -0.23], p = 0.0031) and QUICKI (0.0148 [95% CI: 0.0052; 0.0244], p = 0.0025), but not C-peptide (-0.0144 ng/mL [95% CI: -0.2564; -0.2275], p = 0.9069). Age, baseline BMI, baseline biomarker value, pro/prebiotic dosage, trial duration, nutraceutical type, and recruitment region significantly affected the potential of pm/pre/synbiotics use as personalized diabetes adjunct therapy. Lastly, we discuss unexplained observations and directives for future trials, with the aim of maximizing our understanding of how microbiomemodulating nutraceuticals can treat various metabolic diseases Conclusions: Pro/pre/synbiotic supplementation improved glucose homeostasis in diabetic patients. Our results support their potential use as adjunct therapy for improving glycemia and insulinemia alongside pharmacological therapeutics.
Acute effects of prior dietary fat ingestion on postprandial metabolic responses to protein and carbohydrate co-ingestion in overweight and obese men: A randomised crossover trial; Background: Obesity and insulin resistance are associated with an impaired sensitivity to anabolic stimuli such as dietary protein (anabolic resistance). Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may be protective against the deleterious effects of saturated fatty acids (SFA) on insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess fat consumption to anabolic and insulin resistance and the interaction between SFA and n-3 PUFA is not well studied. Aim: The primary aim of this study was to investigate the effects of an oral fat pre-load, with or without the partial substitution of SFA with fish oil (FO)-derived n-3 PUFA, on indices of insulin and anabolic sensitivity in response to subsequent dietary protein and carbohydrate (dextrose) co-ingestion. Methods: Eight middle-aged males with overweight or obesity (52.8 +/- 2.0 yr, BMI 31.8 +/- 1.4 kg.m(-2)) ingested either an SFA, or isoenergetic SFA and FO emulsion (FO), or water/control (Con), 4 h prior to a bolus of milk protein and dextrose. Results: Lipid ingestion (in particular FO) impaired the early postprandial uptake of branched chain amino acids (BCAA) into the skeletal muscle in response to protein and dextrose, and attenuated the peak glycaemic response, but was not accompanied by differences in whole body (Matsuda Index: Con: 4.66 +/- 0.89, SFA: 5.10 +/- 0.94 and FO: 4.07 +/- 0.59) or peripheral (forearm glucose (net)AUC: Con: 521.7 +/- 101.7; SFA: 470.2 +/- 125.5 and FO: 495.3 +/- 101.6 mu mol.min(-1).100 g lean mass$min [t 1/4 240 e420 min]) insulin sensitivity between visits. Postprandial whole body fat oxidation was affected by visit (P 1/4 0.024) with elevated rates in SFA and FO, relative to Con (1.85 +/- 0.55; 2.19 +/- 0.21 and 0.65 +/- 0.35 kJ.h(-1).kg(-1) lean body mass, respectively), however muscle uptake of free fatty acids (FFA) was unaffected. Conclusion: Oral lipid preloads, consisting of SFA and FO, impair the early postprandial BCAA uptake into skeletal muscle, which occurs independent of changes in insulin sensitivity. Clinical trial registry number: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT03146286. (c) 2022 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Metformin therapy and diabetes in pregnancy; No adverse pregnancy outcomes with metformin use have been reported, except in one unmatched study. Otherwise, the studies are small and non-randomised, with the exception of one prospective, randomised controlled trial, currently under way, comparing metformin with insulin in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (the MiG trial). No long-term follow-up data for offspring of mothers receiving metformin have been published. Any woman with diabetes should be as close to euglycaemia as possible before pregnancy. In some circumstances (eg, severe insulin resistance), metformin therapy during pregnancy may be warranted. When metformin treatment is being considered, the individual risks and benefits need to be discussed with the patient so that an appropriate decision can be reached.
Differential Effects of Dietary Patterns on Advanced Glycation end Products: A Randomized Crossover Study; Dietary advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are believed to contribute to pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to determine if a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would elevate plasma concentrations of protein-bound AGEs compared with an energy-matched diet high in whole grain, dairy, nuts and legumes (HWD). We conducted a randomized crossover trial with two 4-week weight-stable dietary interventions in 51 participants without type 2 diabetes (15 men and 36 women aged 35.1 +/- 15.6 y; body mass index (BMI), 27.7 +/- 6.9 kg/m(2)). Plasma concentrations of protein-bound N epsilon-(carboxymethyl) lysine (CML), N epsilon-(1-carboxyethyl) lysine (CEL) and N delta-(5-hydro-5-methyl-4-imidazolon-2-yl)-ornithine (MG-H1) were measured by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). The HMD significantly increased plasma concentrations (nmol/mL) of CEL (1.367, 0.78 vs. 1.096, 0.65;p< 0.01;n= 48) compared with the HWD. No differences in CML and MG-H1 between HMD and HWD were observed. HMD increased plasma CEL concentrations compared with HWD in individuals without type 2 diabetes.
The effect of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure in patients with type II diabetes mellitus: A randomized double-blind clinical trial; BACKGROUND: The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure (BP) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients. METHODS: A total of 40 patients with T2D, 35-68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarium A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/day of soy milk for 8 weeks. Anthropometric and BP measurements were performed according to standard protocols. For detecting within-group differences paired-sample t-tests was used and analysis of covariance was used for determining any differences between two groups. (The trial has been registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials, identifier: IRCT: IRCT201405265062N8). RESULTS: In this study, we failed to find any significant changes between probiotic soy milk and soy milk in term of body mass index (26.65 +/- 0.68 vs. 26.33 +/- 0.74, P = 0.300) and waist to hip ratio (1.49 +/- 0.08 vs. 1.54 +/- 0.1, P = 0.170). Although soy milk did not have any effect on BP, probiotic soymilk significantly decreased systolic (14.7 +/- 0.48 vs. 13.05 +/- 0.16, P = 0.001) and diastolic BP (10 +/- 0.7 vs. 9.1 +/- 1, P = 0.031). CONCLUSION: In our study, probiotic soy milk in comparing with soy milk did not have any beneficial effects on anthropometric measures in these patients. We need more clinical trial for confirming the effect of probiotic foods on anthropometric measure in diabetic patients. However, probiotic soy milk decreased systolic and diastolic BP significantly.
Reproductive Responses, Metabolic Disorder, Ruminal Fermentation Characteristics, and Milk Production of Postpartum Holstein Cows Fed Steam Flaked of Corn and Barley Grains; This study evaluated the effects of steam flaked of corn and barley grains on the reproductive response, ruminal fermentation characteristics, metabolic disorder, and milk production of postpartum Holstein cows. A total of 40 postpartum Holstein dairy cows were divided into 4 groups (n=10) and fed 1) ground grains (control), 2) steam flacked corn+milled barley, 3) steam flacked barely+milled corn, and 4) steam flaked corn and barley. The animals were treated for 0-30, 30-60, 60-90, and 90-120 days post-calving. Milk yield and compositions, total conception rate, endometritis, pyometra, ruminal fermentation characteristics, ketosis, and acidosis were assessed. This study was conducted in a completely randomized design. The results showed that dietary inclusion of steam flaked grains improved milk yield and compositions during the experimental period compared to the control group (p<0.05), except for cows treated for 0-30d days post-calving. Cows fed steam flaked grains showed a lower occurrence of reproduction and metabolic disorders compared to the control group (p<0.01). Cows fed a combination of steam flaked grains showed better pregnancy rates in the first 100 days and open days of postpartum cows compared to cows in control and a single form of steam flaked barley or corn (p<0.05). Total VFA, acetate, propionate, butyrate, and valerate were higher in cows fed steam flaked compared to the control group (p<0.05). Feeding steam flaked grains is advised for improving reproductive performance, milk variables, and rumen fermentation profiles in dairy cows.
Effects of consuming purslane seed powder on indicators of metabolic syndrome in women: a randomized clinical trial; Introduction: The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of purslane seed powder on indicators of metabolic syndrome in women with this syndrome. Materials & Methods: In this study, 64 middle-aged women (30-59 years old) with metabolic syndrome were randomly divided into two groups. The intervention group received 10 grams purslane seed powder combined with 150cc low fat yogurt daily for 12 weeks. The control group received only 150cc low fat yogurt daily for 12 weeks. At the first and at the end of the study, the height, weight, BMI, waist and biochemical indices such as LDL, HDL, TG, FBS and the blood pressure of all of participants were measured. Findings: The average age of the participants was 42.8 year. After consuming the purslane, there was significant decrease in weight (-1.07 versus 0.06 kg, p<0.001), BMI (-0.47 versus 0.009 kg/m2, p<0.001) and waist circumference (-2.06 versus -0.125 cm, p=0.001). Although there was decrease in serum levels of LDL (p<0.001) and TC (p=0.004), there was no meaningful change in serum levels of HDL and triglyceride. Also, consuming the purslane for 12 weeks meaningfully decreased the fasting blood glucose (-8.50 mg/dl, p=0.001), but it did not have any significant effect on systolic (-5.46 versus -2.81 mmHg, p=0.108) and diastolic blood pressure (-0.781 versus -1.40 mmHg, p=0.589). Conclusion: Consuming purslane for 12 weeks by women with metabolic syndrome decreased the anthropometric indices (BMI, waist & weight) and serum levels of LDL, TC & FBS.
The effect of probiotics/synbiotics supplementation on renal and liver biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Despite the apparent beneficial effects of probiotics/synbiotics on glucose haemostasis, lipid profile and inflammatory responses, it is not clear whether these beneficial effects also impact renal and hepatic function in diabetes. Therefore, we sought to assess the effect of probiotics/synbiotics supplementation on renal and liver biomarkers in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) using a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials (RCT). PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science and Cochrane Library were systematically searched, up to February 2021. The pooled weighted mean difference (WMD) was estimated using a random-effects model. The methodological quality of studies, as well as certainty of evidence, was assessed using standard scales. Fifteen related trials were identified. Meta-analysis of six trials, involving 426 participants, indicated that probiotics/synbiotics supplementation reduced serum levels of creatinine (WMD = -0 center dot 10 mg/dl, 95 % CI -0 center dot 20, -0 center dot 00; P = 0 center dot 01; I ( 2 ) = 87 center dot 7 %; P-heterogeneity < 0 center dot 001), without any significant effect on blood urea nitrogen (BUN), glomerular filtration rate or microalbuminuria. No significant improvement was found on liver biomarkers following probiotics/synbiotics supplementation. The subgroup analysis showed a significant improvement in BUN when follow-up duration lasted for 12 weeks or more (WMD = -1 center dot 215 mg/dl, 95 % CI -1 center dot 933, -0 center dot 496; P = 0 center dot 001) and in creatinine levels in patients with renal dysfunction (WMD = -0 center dot 209 mg/dl, 95 % CI -0 center dot 322, -0 center dot 096; P < 0 center dot 001). Our results are insufficient to advocate the use of probiotics/synbiotics for improving renal or liver function in patients with T2DM. Indeed, due to the low certainty of evidence, these findings need to be affirmed in further high-quality RCT.
Use of a urea, arginine and carnosine cream versus a standard emollient glycerol cream for treatment of severe xerosis of the feet in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, 8 month, assessor-blinded, controlled trial; Background: No long-term data are available regarding the effects of emollients in treating severe foot skin xerosis in patients with diabetes. Study aim: We evaluated the efficacy of 8 month urea, arginine and carnosine cream (UC) in comparison with a glycerin-based emollient cream (SEC) in type 2 patients with diabetes who had severe foot xerosis. Subjects and methods: We assessed the effect of UC and SEC on skin hydration in a randomized, assessor-blinded study in 50 patients treated with UC (N=25) or SEC (N=25) for 32 weeks with a twice daily application. Primary outcomes were a 9 point Xerosis Assessment Scale (XAS) score and a 4 point Overall Cutaneous Score (OCS), evaluated at baseline and after 4, 12 and 32 weeks. Skin hydration and desquamation were also objectively evaluated by means of a bio-impedance skin analysis device (Hydr8*) at baseline and at week 32. Results: UC induced greater hydration than SEC (p=0.001) with a 91% reduction at week 32 in XAS score vs. baseline. After 4 weeks, compared with the SEC treated group, the XAS score in the UC treated group was significantly lower. OCS was reduced by 27% from baseline to end of the study in the UC group, and increased by 8% in the SEC group (p=0.02; between groups). At month 8, skin hydration and desquamation evaluated by the digital skin analysis system statistically improved in UC treated subjects in comparison with baseline and SEC group values. This study was not double-blind. In order to overcome this problem we performed an assessor-blinded evaluation of the primary endpoints and used an objective measurement tool for skin hydration and desquamation assessment. Conclusion: Using a urea, arginine and carnosine cream for 8 months increases skin hydration and improves skin dryness in type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with a glycerol-based emollient cream, with a greater efficacy observed as early as 4 weeks into treatment.
A Newly Developed Indicator of Overeating Saturated Fat Based on Serum Fatty Acids and Amino Acids and Its Association With Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes: Evidence From Two Randomized Controlled Feeding Trials and a Prospective Study; ObjectiveHyper-caloric intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) is common in modern societies, probably contributing to the epidemic of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This study conducted two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for developing a new indicator that can assess the nutritional status and examined its association with incidence of T2DM. MethodsIn RCT 1, healthy participants were randomly assigned into three groups, namely, control group (n = 40), overfeeding group 1 (100 g butter per day, n = 37), and overfeeding group 2 (120 g butter per day, n = 37). In RCT 2, healthy subjects were randomly assigned into two groups, namely, control group (n = 52) and high-fat group (300-extra kcal/day from diet that was designed by high-fat diet, n = 58). In the prospective cohort, 4,057 participants aged 20-74 years were enrolled and followed up over 5.3 years. Serum profiles of fatty acids and amino acids were measured. ResultsIn RCT 1, serum fatty acids, including C14:0 and C18:0, increased, whereas C18:2, C20:4, C22:5, and C22:6 decreased; serum amino acids, including tyrosine, alanine, and aminobutyric acid, increased, whereas histidine and glycine decreased (p < 0.05). Among these serum fatty acids and amino acids, changes in C14:0, C20:4, tyrosine, histidine, and glycine were also observed in RCT 2. An indicator was developed based on the five fatty acids and amino acids, namely, C14:0 x tyrosine x 1,000/[C20:4 x (glycine + histidine)], and it significantly identified participants in the intervention group with area under the curve (AUC) (95% CI) being 0.85 (0.77-0.92). The indicator was significantly associated with incidence of T2DM in the prospective cohort with HRs (95% CIs) from bottom quartile to top quartile being 1,1.21 (0.82-1.77), 1.60 (1.12-2.30), 2.04 (1.42-2.94). ConclusionThe newly developed indicator in RCTs can be used in assessing the nutritional status of hypercaloric intake of SFA and predicting the development of T2DM.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Inflammatory Biomarkers: An Updated Systematic Review of Randomized Clinical Trials; Milk and dairy products contribute <= 14% of the caloric intake in developed countries. Recent evidence has shown controversial results with regard to the role of dairy products in deleterious processes such as inflammation. The increasing number of studies on the anti- and proinflammatory effects of milk and dairy products in the past 5 y reflects the growing interest in this area of research. The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the scientific evidence provided in the past 5 y on the effects of milk and dairy products on inflammatory biomarkers provided by randomized clinical trials. The search strategy was conducted in Medline (via PubMed) and Scopus (which includes EMBASE and the Web of Science) databases and included articles from 1 January 2012 to 30 April 2018. The risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane methodology. The number of study participants, type of study, doses, and the key results are reported. The following primary outcomes were considered for inclusion: circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein, interleukins, cytokines, and vascular adhesion molecules or expression of proinflammatory genes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells; however, the primary outcomes considered were not limited to these. Sixteen studies (15 articles) included in this systematic review reported on healthy individuals and subjects who were overweight or obese and who had metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes. The consumption of milk or dairy products did not show a proinflammatory effect in healthy subjects or individuals with metabolic abnormalities. The majority of studies documented a significant anti-inflammatory effect in both healthy and metabolically abnormal subjects, although not all the articles were of high quality. This review was registered on PROSPERO (International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews) at https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?RecordID=94535 as CRD42018094535.
A Dietary Pattern Derived from Reduced Rank Regression and Fatty Acid Biomarkers Is Associated with Lower Risk of Type 2 Diabetes and Coronary Artery Disease in Chinese Adults; Background: Combinations of circulating fatty acids may affect the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and coronary artery disease (CAD). No previous studies have identified a dietary pattern predicting fatty acid profiles using reduced rank regression (RRR) and evaluated its associations with the risk of T2D and CAD. Objective: The aim of this study was to derive a dietary pattern to explain variation in plasma fatty acid concentrations using RRR and evaluate these in relation to risk of T2D and CAD. Methods: We derived a dietary pattern using fatty acid concentrations from 711 controls of a nested case-control study in the Singapore Chinese Health Study using RRR with 36 food and beverages as predictors and 19 fatty acid biomarkers as responses. Dietary pattern scores were then calculated for the full cohort of men and women (mean age: 56 y). We followed up 45,411 and 58,065 participants for incident T2D and CAD mortality, respectively. Multivariable Cox regression models were used to estimate HRs and 95% CIs. Results: We identified a dietary pattern high in soy, vegetables, fruits, tea, tomato products, bread, fish, margarine and dairy, and low in rice, red meat, coffee, alcohol, sugar-sweetened beverages, and eggs. This pattern predicted higher circulating n-3 (omega-3) PUFAs (18:3n-3, 20:3n-3, 20:5n-3), odd-chain fatty acids (15:0, 17:0), 18:2n-6 and 20:1, and lower 20:4n-6 and 16:1. During a mean follow-up of 11 y and 19 y, 5207 T2D and 3016 CAD mortality events, respectively, were identified. Higher dietary pattern scores were associated with a lower risk of T2D [multivariable-adjusted HR comparing extreme quintiles, 0.86 (95% CI: 0.79, 0.95); P- trend<0.001] and CAD mortality [HR, 0.76 (95% CI: 0.68, 0.86); P-trend <0.001]. Conclusions: Dietary patterns reflecting higher circulating n-3 PUFAs, odd-chain fatty acids, and linoleic acid may be associated with lower T2D and CAD risk in Chinese adults. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03356340.
Establishment of Mouse Models of Psoriasis with Blood Stasis Syndrome Complicated with Glucose and Lipid Metabolism Disorders; Background. Psoriasis has been reported as a high-risk factor for quality of life and survival rate in patients with metabolic disorder. However, there is no animal model for studying this disease. This study aimed to establish and evaluate mouse models of psoriasis with blood stasis syndrome (which is a key to psoriasis pathogenesis, according to Chinese Medicine) complicated with metabolic disorders. Method. Forty-five C57BL/6 mice were randomly divided into the blank control (Control), psoriasis (Imiquimod (IMQ)), psoriasis with metabolic disorders (IMQ + streptozotocin (STZ)), psoriasis with blood stasis syndrome (BSS) (IMQ + BSS), and psoriasis with blood stasis syndrome complicated with metabolic disorders (IMQ + STZ + BSS) groups (n = 9 mice/group). Psoriasis lesions were induced using IMQ cream (on both the ears and back, except in the Control group). Mice of the IMQ + BSS group were fed a half-fat, high-sugar diet and stimulated with ice-water swimming every day. Mice of the IMQ + STZ group were fed a half-fat, high-sugar diet and injected with STZ. Mice of the IMQ + STZ + BSS group were subjected to the same treatments as the IMQ + STZ and IMQ + BSS groups. After induction, the mice in each group were observed for vital signs, ear thickness, body weight, and psoriasis area and severity index (PASI) score. The mice were fasted for 12 h before determination of related laboratory serum indexes. Dorsal skin lesions, aortic arch pathology sections, and signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) were examined by H&E staining and immunohistochemistry. Results. Laboratory indexes in the four model groups were significantly different from those in the Control group (p<0.01); indicators of the IMQ + STZ, IMQ + BSS, and IMQ + STZ + BSS groups showed varying degrees of difference from those of the IMQ group. Conclusions. The established mouse models of psoriasis blood stasis syndrome complicated with glucose and lipid metabolism disorders met the clinical and Chinese Medicine characteristics, and thus they could be used as animal models in future studies of psoriasis complicated with glucose and lipid metabolism disorders.
Effects of<i> Anethum</i><i> graveolens</i> (dill) and its derivatives on controlling cardiovascular risk factors: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Previous studies have demonstrated that the supplementation of Anethum graveolens (dill) could affect the metabolic indices. Thus, the present study summarizes all of the published clinical studies which evaluate the efficacy of dill administration on cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: The clinical trials were found using Scopus, Embase, PubMed and ISI Web of Science databases; these were searched to infinity until August 2020. Mean differences (MD) were pooled using a random-effects model. Publication bias, sensitivity analysis, and heterogeneity were assessed using standard methods. Results: Results demonstrated that the administration of dill and its derivatives, led to a significant change in the fasting insulin (WMD: -2.34 mg/dl; 95% CI: -3.70, -0.99; P = 0.001), HOMA-IR (WMD: -1.07; 95% CI: -1.96, -0.17; P = 0.019), and LDL serum levels (WMD: -9.36 mg/dl; 95% CI: -14.45, -4.27; P < 0.001), unlike fasting blood sugar (P = 0.501), weight (P = 0.650), body mass index (P = 0.846), HDL (P = 0.813), TG (P = 0.385) or TC concentration (P = 0.075). Subgroup analysis indicated that dill administration significantly reduce LDL levels in eight and more than eight weeks of intervention, in dill extract intervention versus powder form, and in cases of type 2 diabetes mellitus versus hyperlipidemia or metabolic syndrome patients. Another subgroup analysis revealed that dill supplementation significantly decreased TG concentrations in > 8 weeks of treatment in overweight rather than obese individuals. In the same results, a subgroup analysis showed that dill administration significantly decreased TC levels in > 8 weeks of treatment in overweight individuals but not in other populations. Conclusion: Dill administration significantly reduces fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, and LDL levels.
Metabolic profiling of early-lactation dairy cows using milk mid-infrared spectra; Metabolic disorders in early lactation have negative effects on dairy cow health and farm profitability. One method for monitoring the metabolic status of cows is metabolic profiling, which uses associations between the concentrations of several metabolites in serum and the presence of metabolic disorders. In this cross-sectional study, we investigated the use of mid-infrared (MIR) spectroscopy of milk for predicting the concentrations of these metabolites in serum. Between July and October 2017, serum samples were taken from 773 early-lactation Holstein Friesian cows located on 4 farms in the Gippsland region of southeastern Victoria, Australia, on the same day as milk recording. The concentrations in sera of beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), fatty acids, urea, Ca, Mg, albumin, and globulins were measured by a commercial diagnostic laboratory. Optimal concentration ranges for each of the 7 metabolites were obtained from the literature. Animals were classified as being either affected or unaffected with metabolic disturbances based on these ranges. Milk samples were analyzed by Milt spectroscopy. The relationships between serum metabolite concentrations and MIR spectra were investigated using partial least squares regression. Partial least squares discriminant analyses (PLS-DA) were used to classify animals as being affected or not affected with metabolic disorders. Calibration equations were constructed using data from a randomly selected subset of cows (n = 579). Data from the remaining cows (n = 194) were used for validation. The coefficient of determination (R-2) of serum BHB, fatty acids, and urea predictions were 0.48, 0.61, and 0.90, respectively. Predictions of Ca, Mg, albumin, and globulin concentrations were poor (0.06 <= R-2 <= 0.17). The PLS-DA models could predict elevated fatty acid and urea concentrations with an ac- curacy of approximately 77 and 94%, respectively. A second independent validation data set was assembled in March 2018, comprising blood and milk samples taken from 105 autumn-calving cows of various breeds. The accuracies of BHB and fatty acid predictions were similar to those obtained using the first validation data set. The PLS-DA results were difficult to interpret due to the low prevalence of metabolic disorders in the data set. Our results demonstrate that MIR spectroscopy of milk shows promise for predicting the concentration of BHB, fatty acids, arid urea in serum; however, more data are needed to improve prediction accuracies.
Between- and within-herd variation in blood and milk biomarkers in Holstein cows in early lactation; Both blood- and milk-based biomarkers have been analysed for decades in research settings, although often only in one herd, and without focus on the variation in the biomarkers that are specifically related to herd or diet. Biomarkers can be used to detect physiological imbalance and disease risk and may have a role in precision livestock farming (PLF). For use in PLF, it is important to quantify normal variation in specific biomarkers and the source of this variation. The objective of this study was to estimate the between- and within-herd variation in a number of blood metabolites (beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), non-esterified fatty acids, glucose and serum IGF-1), milk metabolites (free glucose, glucose-6-phosphate, urea, isocitrate, BHB and uric acid), milk enzymes (lactate dehydrogenase and N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAGase)) and composite indicators for metabolic imbalances (Physiological Imbalance-index and energy balance), to help facilitate their adoption within PLF. Blood and milk were sampled from 234 Holstein dairy cows from 6 experimental herds, each in a different European country, and offered a total of 10 different diets. Blood was sampled on 2 occasions at approximately 14 days-in-milk (DIM) and 35 DIM. Milk samples were collected twice weekly (in total 2750 samples) from DIM 1 to 50. Multilevel random regression models were used to estimate the variance components and to calculate the intraclass correlations (ICCs). The ICCs for the milk metabolites, when adjusted for parity and DIM at sampling, demonstrated that between 12% (glucose-6-phosphate) and 46% (urea) of the variation in the metabolites' levels could be associated with the herd-diet combination. Intraclass Correlations related to the herd-diet combination were generally higher for blood metabolites, from 17% (cholesterol) to approximately 46% (BHB and urea). The high ICCs for urea suggest that this biomarker can be used for monitoring on herd level. The low variance within cow for NAGase indicates that few samples would be needed to describe the status and potentially a general reference value could be used. The low ICC for most of the biomarkers and larger within cow variation emphasises that multiple samples would be needed - most likely on the individual cows - for making the biomarkers useful for monitoring. The majority of biomarkers were influenced by parity and DIM which indicate that these should be accounted for if the biomarker should be used for monitoring.
Feasibility and Acceptability of Metformin to Augment Low Milk Supply: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Metformin improves insulin action, but feasibility in treating low milk supply is unknown. Research aim: To determine the feasibility of a metformin-versus-placebo definitive randomized clinical trial in women with low milk production and signs of insulin resistance. Methods: Pilot trial criteria included: Mother 1-8 weeks postpartum (ideally 1-2 weeks), low milk production, and >= 1 insulin resistance sign; and singleton, healthy, term infant. Eligible mothers were randomly assigned 2:1 (metformin:placebo) and instructed in frequent milk removal for 28 days with option to stop at 14 days. Results: From 02/2015 through 06/2016, we screened 114 women, completed baseline assessments on 46, and trialed 15 (median, 36 days postpartum). Comparing metformin-assigned (n = 10) to placebo (n = 5), 70% versus 80% continued to day 28; peak median change in milk output was +8 versus -58 mL/24 hr (p = .31) and 80% peaked at Day 14 for both groups; 0% versus 20% desired to continue assigned drug after study completion; 44% versus 0% reported nausea/vomiting. Post-hoc, median peak change in milk output was +22 (metformin completers, n = 8) versus -58 mL/24 hr (placebo + non-completers, n = 7, p = .07). At baseline assessment, median milk production was significantly lower in those with (n = 31), versus those without (n = 15) signs of insulin resistance (p = .002). Conclusions: Although results trend toward hypothesized direction, trial feasibility concerns include late enrollment and only 20% of metformin-assigned participants sustaining improved milk output to Day 28, with none perceiving metformin worthwhile. Better tools are needed to identify and treat metabolically-driven low milk production. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02179788) on 02/JUL/2014.
Camel milk for reduction of diabetes risk: Are we heading toward the right direction?; Diabetes is emerging as an important public health problem in India imparting huge burden on healthcare economics. Recently a milk packaging company has introduced camel milk product with its potential use in reducing risk of diabetes. In this study, we had evaluated the available evidences and found that though camel milk may have some benefits for the patients with type 1 diabetes, its efficacy for improving glycemic profile of type 2 diabetes is highly controversial and further evidences in the form of randomized controlled trials are needed to substantiate the effect.
Cutaneous anaesthesia of the lower leg can improve sensibility in the diabetic foot. A double-blind, randomized clinical trial; P>Aims Impaired sensory function in the sole of the foot in diabetic patients is a substantial problem caused by unknown mechanisms. Hand or foot sensibility can be improved by cutaneous anaesthesia of the forearm or lower leg, respectively, in healthy subjects. Hypothetically, cutaneous anaesthesia induces a silent area in the primary somatosensory cortex, allowing adjacent cortical areas to expand; thus, resulting in enhanced sensory processing. Our aim was to improve sensory function in the foot in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic patients by application of an anaesthetic cream to the lower leg. Methods In a double-blind study, 37 patients with Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to cutaneous application of either an anaesthetic cream (EMLA (R)) or a placebo cream to the skin of the lower leg for 1.5 h. Sensibility at five points of the sole of the foot was assessed before and after 1.5 and 24 h. Vibrotactile sense was also assessed. Primary outcome was change of touch threshold at the first metatarsal head from pretreatment to 1.5 h assessment. Results Anaesthetic cream on the lower leg resulted in a significant improvement of touch threshold at the first metatarsal head after 1.5 and 24 h. In addition, improvement of touch thresholds was also observed at the other four assessment sites, together with a decreased vibration threshold at 125 Hz. Conclusions The findings of improved touch thresholds open up new possibilities in treatment of sensibility disturbances in the diabetic foot, using a simple and non-invasive method.
Acute and second-meal effects of peanuts on glycaemic response and appetite in obese women with high type 2 diabetes risk: a randomised cross-over clinical trial; Nut consumption is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The aim of the present study was to assess the effects of adding peanuts (whole or peanut butter) on first (0-240 min)- and second (240-490 min)-meal glucose metabolism and selected gut satiety hormone responses, appetite ratings and food intake in obese women with high T2DM risk. A group of fifteen women participated in a randomised cross-over clinical trial in which 42.5 g of whole peanuts without skins (WP), peanut butter (PB) or no peanuts (control) were added to a 75 g available carbohydrate-matched breakfast meal. Postprandial concentrations (0-490 min) of glucose, insulin, NEFA, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide YY (PYY), cholecystokinin (CCK), appetitive sensations and food intake were assessed after breakfast treatments and a standard lunch. Postprandial NEFA incremental AUC (IAUC) (0-240 min) and glucose IAUC (240-490 min) responses were lower for the PB breakfast compared with the control breakfast. Insulin concentrations were higher at 120 and 370 min after the PB consumption than after the control consumption. Desire-to-eat ratings were lower, while PYY, GLP-1 and CCK concentrations were higher after the PB intake compared with the control intake. WP led to similar but non-significant effects. The addition of PB to breakfast moderated postprandial glucose and NEFA concentrations, enhanced gut satiety hormone secretion and reduced the desire to eat. The greater bioaccessibility of the lipid component in PB is probably responsible for the observed incremental post-ingestive responses between the nut forms. Inclusion of PB, and probably WP, to breakfast may help to moderate glucose concentrations and appetite in obese women.
Efficacy and tolerance of a diabetes specific formula in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: An open label, randomized, crossover study; Aim: This study evaluated the effect of a diabetes specific formula on acute glucose, insulin, and triglyceride responses in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: This open-label, randomized, crossover, pilot single center study had two phases (pretreatment and treatment). After screening, the patients entered run-in period and were counseled on diet and exercise regime. They were then randomly allocated to receive either diabetes specific formula (Nutren (R) Diabetes, Nestle Health Science, Switzerland; Group A) or isocaloric meal (Cornflakes and milk; Group B). Blood samples were collected to estimate blood glucose, insulin and triglyceride levels (Baseline at 0 min and post-meal at 30, 60, 120, and 180 min). Results: Area under curve for blood glucose post-meal at 30 min, 60 min, 120 min, and 180 min was significantly lower for Group A as compared with Group B (p = 0.003, 0.0001, 0.0001, 0.0001, respectively). Increase in serum insulin levels from baseline was also lower for Group A post-meal at 120 and 180 min, respectively, as compared to Group B (p = 0.0001 and 0.0002, respectively). Conclusion: The Diabetes specific formula tested in this study showed lower post-meal blood glucose and insulin levels as compared with isocaloric meal. Thus, diabetes specific formula may be an option for diabetic and hyperglycemic patients in need of nutritional support. (C) 2014 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Poultry by-product meal as a replacement to xylose-treated soybean meal in diet of early- to mid-lactation Holstein cows; The objectives were to compare the effectiveness of poultry by-product meal (PBM) with xylose-treated soybean meal (x-SBM) as a conventional protein source and rumen-undegraded protein (RUP):rumen-degraded protein (RDP) ratio on nutrient digestibility, nitrogen metabolism, and production of early- to mid-lactation Holsteins. Twelve multiparous cows averaging (mean +/- SD) 50 +/- 9 days in milk were randomly assigned to a replicated 4x4 Latin square design within a 2x2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Each period was 28 days in length. Treatments were RUP sources (PBM or x-SBM) with either a high or a low RUP:RDP ratio (high ratio=40:60 or low ratio=36:64; based on % of crude protein (CP)). Experimental diets were balanced to be similar in protein and energy contents (CP=16.7% of DM; NEL=1.67 Mcal/kg DM). Prior to diet formulation, an in situ pilot experiment was conducted to estimate the RUP fractions of x-SBM and PBM as 63.9% and 54.1% of CP, respectively. Treatments had no effect on ruminal pH and total volatile fatty acid (VFA) and molar percentage of individual VFAs. Treatments had no effect on total tract apparent digestibility of DM, OM, and neutral detergent fiber (NDF), with the exception of N that was greater in diets with a low RUP:RDP ratio (68.2 vs. 70.1% of DM). DM consumption was 0.70 kg/day higher when cows were fed PBM diet compared with x-SBM diet. No treatment effect was observed on milk yield and milk composition; however, milk protein yield and milk urea N were greater in cows fed PBM. Inclusion of PBM in the diet in substitution to x-SBM resulted in increased blood levels of urea N, cholesterol, and non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA). There was no interaction between the RUP source and the RUP:RDP ratio for urinary and fecal N excretion. Efficiency of N utilization expressed as milk N secretion as a proportion of N intake tended to be greater in cows fed PBM. Feeding diets with a low ratio of RUP:RDP increased efficiency of milk production expressed as milk yield as a proportion of total N excretion (fecal and urinary N). Feeding a diet with PBM supported milk production comparable with x-SBM and had positive effects on feed intake, milk protein yield, and milk N efficiency.
Effect of whey protein on plasma amino acids in diabetic mice; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of whey protein on plasma amino acid levels in a mouse model of type II diabetes, using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The composition and content of amino acids in the whey proteins were analyzed using HPLC. Type I and type II diabetic mouse models were prepared using streptozotocin (STZ) and normal mice were used as a control. The ICR mice in each group were then randomly divided into four subgroups, to which 0, 10, 20 and 40% whey protein, respectively, was administered for four weeks. Changes in the plasma amino acid levels were observed in each group. The proportions of leucine, isoleucine and valine in the whey proteins were 14.40, 5.93 and 5.32% of the total amino acids, respectively, that is, the branched-chain amino acid content was 25.65%. The levels of branched-chain amino acids increased in the plasma of the normal and model mice following the administration of whey proteins by gavage and the amino acid levels increased as the concentration of the administered protein increased. In addition, the branched-chain amino acid levels in the blood of the model mice were higher than those in the normal mice. The levels of plasma amino acids in diabetic mice increased following gavage with whey protein, which is rich in branched-chain amino acids.
Asymptomatic bacteriuria in postmenopausal women with diabetes mellitus; Introduction. An evaluation of efficacy of the management of urinary tract infections by using local forms of Estriol in postmenopausal women with type II diabetes and asymptomatic bacteriuria. Material and methods. The study was conducted in two stages. The first stage: a prospective crosssectional study to identify patients with asymptomatic bacteriuria. During this stage, 414 postmenopausal women with type II diabetes, but without clinical symptoms of urinary tract infection, were investigated. In the second stage, women with asymptomatic bacteriuria (87 women) were randomized to two groups: the first group was the main group receiving 0.5 mg of Estriol as a vaginal cream, the second group was the control group. The study lasted 12 months. Results. After 12 months of the study, asymptomatic bacteriuria was revealed in 19.4% of women in the group 1 and 68.4% of women in the group 2 (p < 0.001), and symptomatic urinary tract infection in 8.3% of women in the group 1 and 18.4% of women in the group 2 (p < 0.001). There was no connection revealed between asymptomatic bacteriuria and...1.. Using Estriol in group 1 led to an increase in VHI, the appearance of lactobacilli in the vaginal smear, and the decrease of symptom frequency in atrophic vaginitis. In group 2, there were no significant changes revealed. Conclusions. Usage of local forms of Estriol effectively prevents and decreases the frequency of asymptomatic bacteriuria and urinary tract infection in postmenopausal women suffering with diabetes mellitus.
Effects of synbiotic supplementation on metabolic parameters and apelin in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common causes of infertility in women of reproductive age. Insulin resistance is a main pathophysiologic feature in these patients. According to some studies, the intake of probiotic bacteria may improve glucose homoeostasis. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of synbiotics on metabolic parameters and apelin in PCOS patients. This randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial was conducted on eighty-eight PCOS women aged 19-37 years old. The participants were randomly assigned to two groups receiving (1) synbiotic supplement (n 44), and (2) placebo (n 44) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 12 weeks. The two groups showed no difference in fasting blood sugar (adjusted mean difference: 0.60; 95 % CI -3.80, 5.00, P = 0.727), plasma glucose fasting 2-h (adjusted mean difference 2.09; 95 % CI -9.96, 14.15, P = 0.134), HbA1c (adjusted mean difference 0.06; 95 % CI -0.09, 0.22, P = 0.959), homoeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (adjusted mean difference: 0.02; 95 % CI -0.99, 1.03, P = 0.837), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (adjusted mean difference: -0.02; 95 % CI -0.33, 0.29, P = 0.940) and C-reactive protein (CRP) (adjusted mean difference: 0.24; 95 % CI -1.61, 2.08, P = 0.141) by the end of the intervention. A significant difference was observed in the mean apelin 36 before and after the intervention between synbiotic and placebo groups (adjusted mean difference: -4.05; 95 % CI -7.15, -0.96, P = 0.004). A 12-week synbiotic supplementation has no significant beneficial effects on HOMA-IR and CRP in PCOS patients, whereas the level of apelin 36 significantly decreased.
Favourable effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes: a randomised clinical trial (Publication with Expression of Concern. See vol. 127, pg. 151, 2022); Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity, there is no consensus as to the optimal approach of nutritional management in these patients. The present study was designed to assess the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles of pregnant women with GDM. The present randomised controlled clinical trial was performed among thirty-four women diagnosed with GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control diet (n 17) or the DASH eating pattern (n 17) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45-55% carbohydrates, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The macronutrient composition of the DASH diet was similar to the control diet; however, the DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg Na/d. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 weeks of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose, glycated Hb (HbA1c) and lipid profiles. Participants underwent a 3 h oral glucose tolerance tests and blood samples were collected at 60, 120 and 180 min to measure plasma glucose levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared with the control diet, resulted in improved glucose tolerance such that plasma glucose levels reduced at 60 (-1.86 v. -0.45 mmol/l, P-group = .0.02), 120 (-2.3 v. 0.2 mmol/l, P-group = 0.001) and 180 min (-1.7 v. 0.22 mmol/l, P-group = 0.002) after the glucose load. Decreased HbA1c levels (-0.2 v. 0.05%, P-group = 0.001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. Mean changes for serum total (-0.42 v. 0.31 mmol/l, P-group = 0.01) and LDL-cholesterol (-0.47 v. 0.22 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0.005), TAG (-0.17 v. 0.34 mmol/l, P-group = 0.01) and total: HDL-cholesterol ratio (-0.6 (SD 0.9) v. 0.3 (SD 0.8), P-group = 0.008) were significantly different between the two diets. Additionally, consumption of the DASH diet favourably influenced systolic blood pressure (-2.6 v. 1.7 mmHg, P-group = 0.001). Mean changes of fasting plasma glucose (-0.29 v. 0.15 mmol/l, P-group = 0.09) were non-significant comparing the DASH diet with the control diet. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in beneficial effects on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles compared with the control diet.
FiberCreme as a Functional Food Ingredient Reduces Hyperlipidemia and Risk of Cardiovascular Diseases in Subjects with Hyperlipidemia; FiberCreme is a commercial nondairy creamer made with isomalto-oligosaccharides (IMO) that is a source of dietary fiber. A study showed that IMO could decrease cholesterol (CH) and triglycerides, which are factors related to the risk of cardiovascular diseases and insulin resistance. This study evaluated FiberCreme's ability as a functional food ingredient to reduce CH and the risk of cardiovascular diseases in subjects with hyperlipidemic. This controlled clinical study trial involved 53 (23 similar to 57 years old) subjects with borderline high CH (>190 mg/dL) or triglycerides (>150 mg/dL) or both, who were divided into FiberCreme and control groups. The participant received 86 g of cookies daily for 4 weeks. The FiberCreme and control groups consumed FiberCreme-containing cookies and cookies with coconut cream with 5.78% and 4.69% fibers, respectively. Lipid profile, anthropometry, body composition, and food intake were also measured. Data analysis was performed using SPSS v.25. This study suggests that FiberCreme cookies can significantly reduce CH, triglycerides, and cardiac risk ratio scores.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Cardiovascular Diseases: An Overview of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; Milk and dairy products containing milk fat are major food sources of saturated fatty acids, which have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular-related clinical outcomes such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke. Therefore, current recommendations by health authorities advise consumption of low-fat or fat-free milk. Today, these recommendations are seriously questioned by meta-analyses of both prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting inconsistent results. The present study includes an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of follow-up studies, an overview of meta-analyses involving RCTs, and an update on meta-analyses of RCTs (2013-2018) aiming to synthesize the evidence regarding the influence of dairy product consumption on the risk of major cardiovascular-related outcomes and how various doses of different dairy products affect the responses, as well as on selected biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk, i.e., blood pressure and blood lipids. The search strategies for both designs were conducted in the MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Web of Science databases from their inception to April 2018. From the 31 full-text articles retrieved for cohort studies, 17 met the eligibility criteria. The pooled risk ratio estimated for the association between the consumption of different dairy products at different dose-responses and cardiovascular outcomes (CVD, CHD, and stroke) showed a statistically significant negative association with RR values <1, or did not find evidence of significant association. The overview of 12 meta-analyses involving RCTs as well as the updated meta-analyses of RCTs did not result in significant changes on risk biomarkers such as systolic and diastolic blood pressure and total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol. Therefore, the present study states that the consumption of total dairy products, with either regular or low fat content, does not adversely affect the risk of CVD.
Yogurt and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Critical Review of Potential Mechanisms; Associations between yogurt intake and risk of diet-related cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs) have been the subject of recent research in epidemiologic nutrition. A healthy dietary pattern has been identified as a pillar for the prevention of weight gain and CMDs. Epidemiologic studies suggest that yogurt consumption is linked to healthy dietary patterns, lifestyles, and reduced risk of CMDs, particularly type 2 diabetes. However, to our knowledge, few to no randomized controlled trials have investigated yogurt intake in relation to cardiometabolic clinical outcomes. Furthermore, there has been little attempt to clarify the mechanisms that underlie the potential beneficial effects of yogurt consumption on CMDs. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense dairy food and has been suggested to reduce weight gain and prevent CMDs by contributing to intakes of protein, calcium, bioactive lipids, and several other micronutrients. In addition, fermentation with bacterial strains generates bioactive peptides, resulting in a potentially greater beneficial effect of yogurt on metabolic health than nonfermented dairy products such as milk. To date, there is little concrete evidence that the mechanisms proposed in observational studies to explain positive results of yogurt on CMDs or parameters are valid. Many proposed mechanisms are based on assumptions that commercial yogurts contain strain-specific probiotics, that viable yogurt cultures are present in adequate quantities, and that yogurt provides a minimum threshold dose of nutrients or bioactive components capable of exerting a physiologic effect. Therefore, the primary objective of this review is to investigate the plausibility of potential mechanisms commonly cited in the literature in order to shed light on the inverse associations reported between yogurt intake and various cardiometabolic health parameters that are related to its nutrient profile, bacterial constituents, and food matrix. This article reviews current gaps and challenges in identifying such mechanisms and provides a perspective on the research agenda to validate the proposed role of yogurt in protecting against CMDs.
The effects of consuming a low-fat yogurt fortified with nano encapsulated vitamin D on serum pro-oxidant-antioxidant balance (PAB) in adults with metabolic syndrome; a randomized control trial; Background and aim: The current study aimed to assess the effect of fortified yogurt with nano-encapsulated vitamin D on serum pro-oxidant anti-oxidant balance (PAB) in adults with or without metabolic syndrome. Methods: In a quadruple blind clinical trial study, 139 adults with an age range of 30-50 years were randomly selected to receive either 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D fortified yogurt or placebo for ten weeks. Before and after the intervention period, blood sample was taken to determine the serum levels of vitamin D, pro-oxidant-antioxidant balance (PAB), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP). The laboratory tests were checked at baseline and at the end of the treatment. Results: Serum vitamin D increased significantly, from 14.47 +/- 6.07 ng/mL to 21.39 +/- 6.54 ng/mL (P < 0.001) after ten weeks in the intervention group. Serum hs-CRP and PAB were significantly lower following consumption period in intervention group [1.95(0.4-8.15) g/dL vs. 1.35(0.25-3.62) g/dL; P = 0.013] and (135.19 +/- 42.4 HK vs. 115.39 +/- 44.69) HK; P = 0.018] respectively. There were no significant differences between the intervention and control groups regarding weight and BMI at the end of the intervention period (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Low-fat yogurt fortified with nano-encapsulated vitamin D was found to reduce serum PAB levels in adults with metabolic syndrome. (C) 2021 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of dietary pioglitazone supplementation on milk yield, insulin sensitivity and GH-IGF-I axis in Holstein dairy cows during the transition period; BackgroundHigh-yielding dairy cows develop insulin resistance during late gestation associated with disruption of the growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I axis and cause metabolic and reproductive disorders. ObjectiveThis study aimed to determine the effects of dietary pioglitazone (PIO) supplementation as an insulin sensitizer agent on milk yield, plasma metabolite status and GH-IGF-I axis in transition Holstein dairy cows. MethodsTwenty multiparous cows were randomly assigned into two experimental groups (n = 10 animals per group) and either fed with a basal diet (control) or the basal diet supplemented with 6 mg PIO/kg body weight (BW) from day 14 before parturition to day 21 postpartum. The BW and body condition score (BCS), non-esterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), insulin, glucose, GH and IGF-I concentrations, milk production and composition were measured weekly. ResultsBW and BCS losses were lower in PIO than in control cows (p < 0.05). The percentage and amount of milk fat were decreased, and the amount of protein increased only in the first post-calving week in the PIO-treated cows compared to the control (p < 0.05). Dietary PIO supplementation increased glucose concentration at calving, but insulin concentration was increased at calving and in the first post-calving week (p < 0.05). Plasma concentrations of IGF-I and the ratio of IGF to GH were increased in the PIO group (p < 0.05). The mean revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index with BHBA, as an insulin sensitivity index, was greater in PIO-supplemented cows (p < 0.05). ConclusionsOur results showed beneficial effects of PIO supplementation on improving insulin sensitivity and the GH-IGF-I axis that may cause lower negative energy balance and better metabolic and health status in transition dairy cows.
Effects of low-fat dairy intake on blood pressure, endothelial function, and lipoprotein lipids in subjects with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension; Objective: This randomized crossover trial assessed the effects of 5 weeks of consuming -low-fat dairy (one serving/day each of 1% fluid milk, low-fat cheese, and low-fat yogurt) versus nondairy products (one serving/day each of apple juice, pretzels, and cereal bar) on systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP), vascular function (reactive hyperemia index [RHI] and augmentation index), and plasma lipids. Methods: Patients were 62 men and women (mean age 54.5 years, body mass index 29.2 kg/m(2)) with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (mean resting SBP/DBP 129.8 mmHg/80.8 mmHg) while not receiving antihypertensive medications. A standard breakfast meal challenge including two servings of study products was administered at the end of each treatment period. Results: Dairy and nondairy treatments did not produce significantly different mean SBP or DBP in the resting postprandial state or from premeal to 3.5 hours postmeal (SBP, 126.3 mmHg versus 124.9 mmHg; DBP, 76.5 mmHg versus 75.7 mmHg), premeal (2.35 versus 2.20) or 2 hours postmeal (2.33 versus 2.30) RHI, and premeal (22.5 versus 23.8) or 2 hours postmeal (12.4 versus 13.2) augmentation index. Among subjects with endothelial dysfunction (RHI <= 1.67; n = 14) during the control treatment, premeal RHI was significantly higher in the dairy versus nondairy condition (2.32 versus 1.50, P = 0.002). Fasting lipoprotein lipid values were not significantly different between treatments overall, or in subgroup analyses. Conclusion: No significant effects of consuming low-fat dairy products, compared with low-fat nondairy products, were observed for blood pressures, measures of vascular function, or lipid variables in the overall sample, but results from subgroup analyses were consistent with the hypothesis that dairy foods might improve RHI in those with endothelial dysfunction.
Feasibility and Effectiveness of a Preventive Care Program during the Compound Humanitarian Crisis and COVID-19 Pandemic in Venezuela; Effective preventive care programs are urgently needed during humanitarian crises, as has been especially obvious during the COVID-19 pandemic. A pragmatic trial was designed: hybridized intervention (Diabetes Prevention Program [DPP] + medical nutrition therapy + liquid diet [LD]; LD group) vs. DPP only (DPP group). The participants were adults who were overweight/obese and at high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The LD consisted of a "homemade" milk- and fruit-juice-based beverage. Pandemic restrictions delayed the program by nine months, tripled the amount of time required for screening, and reduced the total sample to 60%. Eventually, 127 participants were randomized, and 94/127 participants (74.0%) completed the first phase. Participant dropout was influenced by migration, COVID-19 symptoms, education level, and socioeconomic status. In two months, the LD group lost 2.9 kg (p < 0.001) and the DPP group, 2.2 kg (p < 0.001) (between-group p = 0.170), with improvements in their cardiometabolic risk factors. At this stage, the DPP was shown to be feasible and effective, demonstrating weight loss with the improvement of cardiometabolic risk factors in a primary setting in Venezuela, a middle-income country with a chronic humanitarian crisis, during the COVID-19 pandemic.
High consumptions of grain, fish, dairy products and combinations of these are associated with a low prevalence of metabolic syndrome; Objective: To analyse the relation between various food groups and the frequency of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS). Design: A sample of 912 men aged 45-64 years was randomly selected. Questionnaires on risk factors and a three consecutive day food diary were completed. Height, weight, waist circumference, and blood pressure were measured. A fasting blood sample was analysed for lipid and glucose measurements. The NCEP-ATP-III definition was used to assess IRS. Data were analysed according to quintiles of food groups and medians of dairy products, fish, or cereal grains. Results: The prevalence of IRS was 23.5%. It reached 29.0%, 28.1% and 28.1% when the intake was below the median for fish, dairy products, and grain, respectively. When consumptions of all three types of food were higher than the median, the prevalence reached 13.1%, and when they were lower, the prevalence was 37.9% (p < 0.001). In logistic regression adjusted for confounders (centre, age, physical activities, education level, smoking, dieting, alcohol intake, treatments for hypertension and dyslipidaemia, energy intake, and diet quality index) the odds ratios for IRS (above median value v below) were 0.51 (95% confidence interval, 0.36 to 0.71) for fish, 0.67 (0.47 to 0.94) for dairy products, and 0.69 (0.47 to 1.01) for grain. When intakes of all three kinds of food were high, the OR was 0.22 (0.10 to 0.44). Conclusions: A high consumption of dairy products, fish, or cereal grains is associated with a lower probability of IRS. The probability decreases when intakes of all three types of food were high.
Effect of supplementation fat during the last 3 weeks of uterine life and the preweaning period on performance, ruminal fermentation, blood metabolites, passive immunity and health of the newborn calf; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of supplementing essential fatty acids (FA), during late gestation and the preweaning and early weaning periods on passive immunity, growth, health, rumen fermentation parameters, blood metabolites and behaviour of dairy calves. During the last 3 weeks of pregnancy, cattle (n 120), within parity, were randomly assigned to one of three diets with different fat supplements: (a) no supplemental fat (CON), (b) supplement rich in linoleic acid (CSO), or (c) supplement rich in EPA and DHA (CFO). Eighty-four newborn Holstein calves were randomly assigned, within the prepartum diets, to one of two calf starters: no fat supplement (FC-0) or 2 % Ca-salt of unsaturated FA (FC-2). Overall, the interaction between dam diets and calf starters did not affect calf performance or any other parameter measured. Calves born from dams fed fat (CSO or CFO) performed better than calves born from dams fed CON. Namely, calves born from dams fed fat had greater plasma concentrations of IgG (P < 0 center dot 01), better apparent efficiency of IgG absorption (P < 0 center dot 01) and average daily gain (ADG, 597 v. 558 g/d; P = 0 center dot 02), and lower rectal temperature (RT; P < 0 center dot 01). Calves fed a calf starter rich in unsaturated FA (FC-2) had greater (P <= 0 center dot 01) ADG, skeletal growth, feed efficiency, and weaning weight compared with FC-0-fed calves. Furthermore, calves fed FC-2 had lower RT during the pre- and post-weaning periods (P <= 0 center dot 04) and fewer days with diarrhoea (P < 0 center dot 001) compared with calves fed CF-0. Time spent eating, ruminating, standing, lying, and on non-nutritive oral behaviour did not differ by treatment. Similarly, treatments did not affect ruminal fermentation parameters. At 28 and 77 d of age, calves fed CF-2 had higher plasma concentrations of albumin and cholesterol (P <= 0 center dot 02) and lower urea N compared with calves fed CF-0. Plasma concentrations of alkaline phosphatase were higher in calves fed CF-2 compared with those fed CF-0, when they were 77 d old. These findings support feeding moderate amounts of long-chain PUFA during late uterine life or during the preweaning period have beneficial effects on calf metabolism, growth, and health performance.
Maternal sitagliptin treatment attenuates offspring glucose metabolism and intestinal proinflammatory cytokines IL-6 and TNF-α expression in male rats; Increasing evidence shows that maternal overnutrition may increase the risk of diabetes in offspring. We hypothesized that maternal sitagliptin intervention may improve glucose intolerance through gut targeting. Female Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were fed a normal diet (ND) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 4 weeks before mating. ND pregnant rats were divided into two subgroups: ND group (ND alone) and the ND-sitagliptin group (ND combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment). HFD pregnant rats were randomized to one of two groups: HFD group (HFD alone) and the HFD-sitagliptin group (HFD combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment) during pregnancy and lactation. Glucose metabolism was assessed in offspring at weaning. Intestinal gene expression levels were investigated. Maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in male pups. Moreover, maternal sitagliptin treatment inhibited offspring disordered intestinal expression of proinflammatory markers, including interleukin-6 (Il6), ll1b, and tumor necrosis factor (Tnf), at weaning and reduced intestinal IL-6, TNF-alpha expression by immunohistochemical staining and serum IL-6, TNF-alpha levels. However, maternal sitagliptin intervention did not affect offspring serum anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 level. Our results are the first to show that maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose metabolism in male offspring. It may be involved with moderating intestinal IL-6 and TNF-alpha expression in male rat offspring.
Effects of Soluble Corn Fiber Alone or in Synbiotic Combination with <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>rhamnosus</i> GG and the Pilus-Deficient Derivative GG-PB12 on Fecal Microbiota, Metabolism, and Markers of immune Function: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Crossover Study in Healthy Elderly (Saimes Study); Background: The aging process leads to a potential decline in immune function and adversely affects the gut microbiota. To date, many in vitro and in vivo studies focused on the application of synbiotics (prebiotics combined with probiotics) as a promising dietary approach to affect gut microbiota composition and improved functioning of the immune system. However, studies using synbiotic preparations often have the limitation that it remains unclear whether any effect observed is a result of the prebiotic or probiotic or a synergistic effect of the combined supplement. Objectives: We investigated the effects of a probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and pilus-deficient L. rhamnosus GG-PB12 combined with Promitor (TM) Soluble Corn Fiber (SCF, a candidate prebiotic) on fecal microbiota, metabolism, immunity, and blood lipids in healthy elderly persons. A prospective, double-blind, placebo controlled, randomized, single-centered, crossover study in 40 healthy elderly subjects (aged 60-80 years) was carried out. Volunteers were randomized to consume either probiotic and prebiotic as synbiotic, prebiotic or placebo (maltodextrin) during 3 weeks. Three-week washout periods separated all the treatments. We assessed effects upon blood lipids, glucose, cytokines, natural killer (NK) cell activity, phenotype, and intestinal microbiota composition. SCF decreased IL-6, which was not observed with the synbiotics. Results: Consumption of L. rhamnosus GG combined with SCF increased NK cell activity compared to baseline in females and the older group. In the fecal microbiota analyses, the strongest community shifts were due to L. rhamnosus GG combined with SCF and SCF treatments. L. rhamnosus GG combined with SCF and L. rhamnosus GG-PB12 combined with SCF significantly increased the genus Parabacteroides. L. rhamnosus GG combined with SCF and SCF increased concentrations of Ruminococcaceae Incertae Sedis. Oscillospira and Desulfovibrio slightly decreased in the L. rhamnosus GG combined with SCF group, whereas Desulfovibrio decreased also in the L. rhamnosus GG-PB12 combined with SCF group. L. rhamnosus GG combined with SCF reduced total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol in volunteers with initially elevated concentrations. C-reactive protein significantly decreased during L. rhamnosus GG-PB12 combined with SCF intervention compared to baseline. Conclusion: In conclusion, the synbiotic combination of L. rhamnosus GG with SCF showed a tendency to promote innate immunity by increasing NK cell activity in elderly women and in 70 to 80-year-old volunteers and decreased TC and LDL-c in hyper-cholesterolemic patients. In addition, L. rhamnosus GG-PB12 combined with SCF demonstrated an increase in NK cell activity compared to SCF alone in older volunteers. We also found significant positive effects on the immune response, evidenced by a decrease of the pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-6. Therefore, dietary intervention with L. rhamnosus GG combined with SCF could be of importance in elderly as an attractive option for enhancement of both the microbial and immune systems.
'Mediterranean' dietary pattern for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background The Seven Countries study in the 1960s showed that populations in the Mediterranean region experienced lower cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality probably as a result of different dietary patterns. Later observational studies have confirmed the benefits of adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern on CVD risk factors. Clinical trial evidence is limited, and is mostly in secondary prevention. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of a Mediterranean dietary pattern for the primary prevention of CVD. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, Issue 9 of 12, September 2012); MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to October week 1 2012); EMBASE (Ovid, 1980 to 2012 week 41); ISI Web of Science (1970 to 16 October 2012); Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE), Health Technology Assessment Database and Health Economics Evaluations Database (Issue 3 of 12, September 2012). We searched trial registers and reference lists of reviews and applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials in healthy adults and adults at high risk of CVD. A Mediterranean dietary pattern was defined as comprising at least two of the following components: (1) high monounsaturated/saturated fat ratio, (2) low to moderate red wine consumption, (3) high consumption of legumes, (4) high consumption of grains and cereals, (5) high consumption of fruits and vegetables, (6) low consumption of meat and meat products and increased consumption of fish, and (7) moderate consumption of milk and dairy products. The comparison group received either no intervention or minimal intervention. Outcomes included clinical events and CVD risk factors. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and contacted chief investigators to request additional relevant information. Main results We included 11 trials (15 papers) (52,044 participants randomised). Trials were heterogeneous in the participants recruited, in the number of dietary components and follow-up periods. Seven trials described the intervention as a Mediterranean diet. Clinical events were reported in only one trial (Women's Health Initiative 48,835 postmenopausal women, intervention not described as a Mediterranean diet but increased fruit and vegetable and cereal intake) where no statistically significant effects of the intervention were seen on fatal and non-fatal endpoints at eight years. Small reductions in total cholesterol (-0.16 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.26 to -0.06; random-effects model) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (-0.07 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.13 to -0.01) were seen with the intervention. Subgroup analyses revealed statistically significant greater reductions in total cholesterol in those trials describing the intervention as a Mediterranean diet (-0.23 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.27 to -0.2) compared with control (-0.06 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.13 to 0.01). Heterogeneity precluded meta-analyses for other outcomes. Reductions in blood pressure were seen in three of five trials reporting this outcome. None of the trials reported adverse events. Authors' conclusions The limited evidence to date suggests some favourable effects on cardiovascular risk factors. More comprehensive interventions describing themselves as the Mediterranean diet may produce more beneficial effects on lipid levels than those interventions with fewer dietary components. More trials are needed to examine the impact of heterogeneity of both participants and the intervention on outcomes.
Saturated fatty acid biomarkers and risk of cardiometabolic diseases: A meta-analysis of prospective studies; Background and aims: Evidence regarding associations of circulating saturated fatty acids (SFAs) with chronic diseases is mixed. The objective of this study was to determine the associations between total or individual SFA biomarkers and the risk of cardiometabolic diseases. Methods: Four electronic databases were searched from inception to March 2022. Three investigators independently assessed for inclusion and extracted data. Random-effects or fixed-effects models was used to estimate the pooled relative risks (RRs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the association of total or individual SFA biomarkers, including even-chain SFAs (e.g., 14:0, myristic acid; 16:0, palmitic acid; 18:0, stearic acid), odd-chain SFAs (e.g., 15:0, pentadecanoic acid; 17:0, margaric acid) and very-long-chain SFAs (VLCSFAs; e.g., 20:0, arachidic acid; 22:0, behenic acid; 24:0, lignoceric acid), with risk of incident type 2 diabetes (T2D), cardiovascular disease [CVD; coronary heart disease (CHD) inclusive of stroke], CHD and stroke. Results: A total of 49 prospective studies reported in 45 articles were included. Higher concentration of circulating total SFAs was associated with an increasing risk of cardiometabolic diseases, the risk increased significantly by 50% for CVD (95%CI:1.31-1.71), 63% for CHD (95%CI:1.38-1.94), 38% for stroke (95%CI:1.05-1.82), respectively. Similarly, levels of even-chain SFAs were positively associated with higher risk of chronic diseases, with RRs ranging from 1.15 to 1.43. In contrast, the risk of cardiometabolic diseases was reduced with increasing odd-chain SFA levels, with RRs ranging from 0.62 to 0.91. A higher level of VLCSFAs corresponded to 19% reduction in CVD. Further dose-response analysis indicated that each 50% increment in percentage of total SFAs in circulating was associated with an 8% higher risk of T2D (RR: 1.08, 95%CI: 1.02-1.14) and trends toward higher risk of CVD (RR: 1.15, 95%CI: 0.98-1.34). Inverse linear relationships were observed between 17:0 biomarker and T2D or CVD risk. Conclusion: Our findings support the current recommendations of reducing intake of saturated fat as part of healthy dietary patterns. Further studies are needed to confirm our findings on these SFAs in relation to cardiometabolic outcomes and to elucidate underlying mechanisms.
Odd-chain fatty acids as a biomarker for dietary fiber intake: a novel pathway for endogenous production from propionate; Background: The risk of type 2 diabetes is inversely correlated with plasma concentrations of odd-chain fatty acids [OCFAs; pentadecanoic acid (15: 0) and heptadecanoic acid (17: 0)], which are considered as biomarkers for dairy fat intake in humans. However, rodent studies suggest that OCFAs are synthesized endogenously from gut-derived propionate. Propionate increases with dietary fiber consumption and has been shown to improve insulin sensitivity. Objective: We hypothesized that OCFAs are produced in humans from dietary fibers by a novel endogenous pathway. Design: In a randomized, double-blind crossover study, 16 healthy individuals were supplemented with cellulose (30 g/d), inulin (30 g/d), or propionate (6 g/d) for 7 d. In addition, human hepatoma cells were incubated with different propionate concentrations. OCFAs were determined in plasma phospholipids and hepatoma cells by gas chromatography. Results: Cellulose did not affect plasma OCFA levels, whereas inulin and propionate increased pentadecanoic acid by similar to 17% (P < 0.05) and 13% (P = 0.05), respectively. The effect on heptadecanoic acid was even more pronounced, because it was elevated in almost all participants by inulin (11%; P < 0.01) and propionate (13%; P < 0.001). Furthermore, cell culture experiments showed a positive association between propionate and OCFA levels (R-2 = 0.99, P < 0.0001), whereas palmitate (16: 0) was negatively correlated (R-2 = 0.83, P = 0.004). Conclusions: Our data show that gut-derived propionate is used for the hepatic synthesis of OCFAs in humans. The association of OCFAs with a decreased risk of type 2 diabetes may therefore also relate to dietary fiber intake and not only dairy fat. This trial was registered at www.germanctr.deas DRKS00010121.
Efficiency of homeopathic preparation combinations for prophylaxis of metabolic disorders in cows; The present study was designed to assess the efficiency of homeopathic preparation combinations for prophylaxis of metabolic disorders in cows. Fourty cows (n=40) from a high productivity farm were randomly divided into two groups, of twenty animals each. Cows in Group A (experimental) were injected with a triple injection each of 5 ml (during the calving, one month before and one month after calving) of homeopathic preparations - intramusculary with Traumeel LT, Lachesis comp. and Carduus comp., and subcutaneously with Coenzyme comp., respectively. Cows in Group B (control) were injected with saline. Both groups of animals were fed normal diet twice daily and kept under comparable conditions. Blood samples were collected from the jugular vein the day before injection and one month thereafter. Cows were weighed and daily milk production was measured on days 7, 30 and 90 after injection. In both groups, the average weight of cows increased gradually and was comparable. The total amount of proteins, magnesium, concentration of urea in experimental cows blood and daily milk production (Group A) was significantly higher (p<0.01) compared to the controls (Group B). The results from this study indicate that homeopathic preparations such as Traumeel LT, Lachesis comp., Carduus comp. and Coenzyme comp. can have a potential value for prophylaxis of metabolic disorders and stimulation of milk production in a high productivity cows.
Probiotics for dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Context: Dementia is the fifth leading cause of death in the world. Animal studies indicate that in addition to the aging process, intestinal microbiota may play an important role in the neurodegeneration process through the modulation of the gutbrain axis. Objective: A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to determine the effectiveness of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on the cognitive function of individuals with dementia. Data Sources: MEDLINE, BVS, SciELO, CENTRAL, Embase, and grey literature were searched from their inception to January 2019. Study Selection: We included data from randomized clinical trials (RCTs) that addressed dementias and assessed the following outcomes: cognitive function; inflammatory, oxidative stress, and metabolic markers; nutritional status; and intestinal microbiota composition. Data Extraction: Data searches, article selection, data extraction, and risk-of-bias assessments were performed according to the Cochrane guidelines. Data were pooled by inverse-variance random-effects meta-analyses. GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluations) was used to assess the quality of evidence. Results: Data from 3 RCTs involving 161 individuals with Alzheimer's disease receiving Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium strains showed no beneficial effect of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function (standardized mean difference, 0.56; 95%CI: >= 0.06 to 1.18), with very low certainty of evidence. However, probiotic supplementation improved plasma triglycerides, verylow-density lipoprotein cholesterol, insulin resistance, and plasma malondialdehyde. No RCTs included synbiotic supplementation or assessed microbiota composition. Conclusion: Current evidence regarding the use of probiotics and synbiotics for individuals with dementia is insufficient to support their clinical application.
Whey Versus Casein as a Protein Source during the Weaning Period: Impact on Growth and Later Adiposity and Glucose Homeostasis in a Rat Model of Intrauterine Growth Restriction; The impact of early life protein source (whey vs. casein) on short- and long-term glucose homeostasis and adiposity is unknown and was investigated in this study. At the end of the suckling period, non-IUGR (intrauterine growth restriction) and IUGR pups were separated from dams and were randomized into four groups. From age 21-49 days, non-IUGR and IUGR pups were fed ad-libitum chow or a semi-synthetic diet (20% from protein; casein or whey) and from age 50-199 days, all groups were fed ad-libitum chow. Food intake, body composition, glucose, and insulin homeostasis were assessed. Among the chow groups, IUGR had slower growth and higher fasting glucose at age 42 days, as well as higher fasting and AUC glucose at age 192 days relative to non-IUGR. The whey IUGR group had a slower growth rate and higher fasting glycemia in early life (age 21-49 days) and higher HOMA-IR later in life (age 120-122 and 190-192 days) relative to casein IUGR. This study shows the potential advantage of casein relative to whey during weaning on short term energy intake, growth, and glucose homeostasis in an IUGR model and reveals, for the first time, its long term impact on insulin sensitivity, which may have implications for later metabolic health, particularly in small-for-gestational-age populations at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Milk and dairy products: good or bad for human health? An assessment of the totality of scientific evidence; Background: There is scepticism about health effects of dairy products in the public, which is reflected in an increasing intake of plant-based drinks, for example, from soy, rice, almond, or oat. Objective: This review aimed to assess the scientific evidence mainly from meta-analyses of observational studies and randomised controlled trials, on dairy intake and risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, cancer, and all-cause mortality. Results: The most recent evidence suggested that intake of milk and dairy products was associated with reduced risk of childhood obesity. In adults, intake of dairy products was shown to improve body composition and facilitate weight loss during energy restriction. In addition, intake of milk and dairy products was associated with a neutral or reduced risk of type 2 diabetes and a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, particularly stroke. Furthermore, the evidence suggested a beneficial effect of milk and dairy intake on bone mineral density but no association with risk of bone fracture. Among cancers, milk and dairy intake was inversely associated with colorectal cancer, bladder cancer, gastric cancer, and breast cancer, and not associated with risk of pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, or lung cancer, while the evidence for prostate cancer risk was inconsistent. Finally, consumption of milk and dairy products was not associated with all-cause mortality. Calcium-fortified plant-based drinks have been included as an alternative to dairy products in the nutrition recommendations in several countries. However, nutritionally, cow's milk and plant-based drinks are completely different foods, and an evidence-based conclusion on the health value of the plant-based drinks requires more studies in humans. Conclusion: The totality of available scientific evidence supports that intake of milk and dairy products contribute to meet nutrient recommendations, and may protect against the most prevalent chronic diseases, whereas very few adverse effects have been reported.
Interactions between levels of heat-treated soybean meal and prilled fat on growth, rumen fermentation, and blood metabolites of Holstein calves; This study evaluated the interaction of RUP and fat levels on growth, rumen fermentation, and blood metabolites of Holstein calves. Forty 3-d-old calves (20 females and 20 males) with a starting BW of 40.6 +/- 2.8 kg were used in a completely randomized design with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Within sex treatments were: (1) high RUP and low fat (HRUP-LF); (2) low RUP and high fat (LRUP-HF); (3) high RUP and low fat (HRUP-LF); and high RUP and high fat (HRUP-HF). Low-RUP starter contained 21.5%, whereas high RUP starter contained 34.3% RUP as % of CP, whereas low fat starter contained 2.9% and high starter contained 5.8% crude fat based on DM. Isonitrogenous levels in the starter grain were maintained by replacing solvent soybean meal with heat treated soybean meal while fat levels were increased by the addition of prilled fatty acids. Calves were housed individually and had ad libitum access to water and calf starter throughout the study. All calves were weaned on d 60 of age but remained in the study until d 70 for final measurements. Overall, there was no interaction between RUP and fat levels for measured variables. Starter intake tended (P = 0.09) to be greater for calves fed low fat starter during the postweaning period, although over the whole experiment and during the preweaning period, differences in starter intake were not different. Although there were no differences for most VFA concentrations, the molar proportion of butyrate tended (P < 0.08) to be greater in the rumen of calves fed low-fat starter compared to those fed high-fat starter. Serum total protein was lower (P < 0.05) and serum cholesterol was greater (P < 0.01) for calves fed high-fat starter by d 65 of life. The concentration of alanine aminotransferase was also lower (P < 0.05) for calves fed high-fat starter compared to those fed low-fat starter on d 65, and these levels tended to increase with the addition of RUP (P < 0.07). In conclusion, no effects were attributable to feeding a high-RUP starter. However, feeding a calf starter with over 3% fat appeared to decrease starter intake as growth progressed.
Coadjuvants in the Diabetic Complications: Nutraceuticals and Drugs with Pleiotropic Effects; Because diabetes mellitus (DM) is a multifactorial metabolic disease, its prevention and treatment has been a constant challenge for basic and clinical investigators focused on translating their discoveries into clinical treatment of this complex disorder. In this review, we highlight recent experimental and clinical evidences of potential coadjuvants in the management of DM, such as polyphenols (quercetin, resveratrol and silymarin), cultured probiotic microorganisms and drugs acting through direct/indirect or pleiotropic effects on glycemic control in DM. Among several options, we highlight new promising therapeutic coadjuvants, including chemical scavengers, the probiotic kefir and the phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors, which besides the reduction of hyperglycemia and ameliorate insulin resistance, they reduce oxidative stress and improve endothelial dysfunction in the systemic vascular circulation. In the near future, experimental studies are expected to clear the intracellular pathways involving coadjuvants. The design of clinical trials may also contribute to new strategies with coadjuvants against the harmful effects of diabetic complications.
Glucose- and glycaemic factor-lowering effects of probiotics on diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled trials; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on glucose and glycaemic factors in diabetes and its associated risk factors. All randomised-controlled trials published in English in multiple databases from January 2000 to June 2015 were systematically searched. Only studies that addressed glucose- and glycaemic-related factors as outcome variables were included. The main outcomes of interest in trials were mean changes in glucose, HbA1c, insulin and homoeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Using the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) scale to assess the quality of studies, a total of eleven studies with 614 subjects were included. The pooled mean difference and effect size with a 95 % CI were extracted using a random-effect model. It was found that there are statistically significant pooled mean differences between the probiotics and the placebo-controlled groups on the reduction of glucose (-052 mmol/l, 95 % CI -092, -011 mmol/l; P=001) and HbA1c (-032 %, 95 % CI -057, -007 %; P=001). There was no statistically significant pooled mean difference between the probiotics and the placebo-controlled groups on the reduction of insulin (-048 mu IU/ml, 95 % CI -134, 038 mu IU/ml; P=027) and HOMA-IR (pooled effect of -044, 95 % CI -157, 070; P=045). Meta-regression analysis identified that probiotics had significant effects on reduction of glucose, HbA1c, insulin and HOMA-IR in participants with diabetes, but not in participants with other risk factors. The present meta-analysis suggested that probiotics may be used as an important dietary supplement in reducing the glucose metabolic factors associated with diabetes.
Clinical and metabolic response to probiotic administration in patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: We are aware of no study examining the effects of probiotic supplementation on symptoms of depression, metabolic profiles, serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and biomarkers of oxidative stress in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). The present study was designed to determine the effects of probiotic intake on symptoms of depression and metabolic status in patients with MDD. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial included 40 patients with a diagnosis of MDD based on DSM-IV criteria whose age ranged between 20 and 55 y. Patients were randomly allocated into two groups to receive either probiotic supplements (n = 20) or placebo (n = 20) for 8 wk. Probiotic capsule consisted of three viable and freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 x 10(9) CFU/g), Lactobacillus casei (2 x 10(9) CFU/g), and Bifidobacterium bifidum (2 x 10(9) CFU/g). Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning and end of the trial to quantify the relevant variables. All participants provided three dietary records (two weekdays and one weekend) and three physical activity records during the intervention. Results: Dietary intake of study participants was not significantly different between the two groups. After 8 wk of intervention, patients who received probiotic supplements had significantly decreased Beck Depression Inventory total scores (-5.7 +/- 6.4 vs. 1.5 +/- 4.8, P = 0.001) compared with the placebo. In addition, significant decreases in serum insulin levels (-2.3 +/- 4.1 vs. 2.6 +/- 9.3 mu IU/mL, P = 0.03), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (-0.6 +/- 1.2 vs. 0.6 +/- 2.1, P = 0.03), and serum hs-CRP concentrations (-1138.7 +/- 2274.9 vs. 188.4 +/- 1455.5 ng/mL, P = 0.03) were observed after the probiotic supplementation compared with the placebo. Additionally, taking probiotics resulted in a significant rise in plasma total glutathione levels (1.8 +/- 83.1 vs. -106.8 +/- 190.7 mu mol/L, P = 0.02) compared with the placebo. We did not find any significant change in fasting plasma glucose, homeostatic model assessment of beta cell function, quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, lipid profiles, and total antioxidant capacity levels. Conclusions: Probiotic administration in patients with MDD for 8 wk had beneficial effects on Beck Depression Inventory, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, hs-CRP concentrations, and glutathione concentrations, but did not influence fasting plasma glucose, homeostatic model assessment of beta cell function, quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, lipid profiles, and total antioxidant capacity levels. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of dry period energy intake on insulin resistance, metabolic adaptation, and production responses in transition dairy cows on grass silage-based diets; High energy intake in the dry period has reportedly had adverse effects on mobilization of body reserves, dry matter intake, and productivity of dairy cows. We investigated whether grass silage (GS) fed ad libitum (high energy intake, HEI; 141% of daily metabolizable energy requirements) in an 8-wk dry period affects metabolic adaptation-specifically, peripheral insulin resistance-compared with a total mixed ration consisting of GS, wheat straw, and rapeseed meal (55/40/5%; controlled energy intake, CEI; 108% of metabolizable energy/d) fed ad libitum. Multiparous Ayrshire dairy cows (n = 16) were used in a randomized complete block design until 8 wk after parturition. Commercial concentrates were fed 1 and 2 kg/d during the last 10 to 6 and 5 to 0 d before the expected calving date, respectively. Postpartum, a similar lactation diet with ad libitum access to GS and increasing concentrate allowance (maximum of 16 kg/d) was offered to all. The HEI group gained more body weight and had higher plasma insulin, glucose, and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations than the CEI group prepartum. Postpartal plasma glucose tended to be higher and milk yield was greater from wk 5 onward for HEI compared with CEI cows. An intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was performed at -13 +/- 5 d and 9 +/- 1 d relative to calving. The HEI cows had greater insulin response to glucose load and smaller area under the response curve for glucose than CEI cows in prepartal IVGTT. Thus, compensatory insulin secretion adapted to changes in insulin sensitivity of the peripheral tissues, preserving glucose tolerance of HEI cows. Higher insulin levels were needed in HEI cows than in CEI cows to elicit a similar decrement of nonesterified fatty acid concentration in prepartal wurr, suggesting reduced inhibition of lipolysis by insulin in HEI cows before parturition. In conclusion, high energy intake of moderately digestible GS with low concentrate feeding in the close-up dry period did not have adverse effects on metabolic adaptation, insulin sensitivity, and body mobilization after parturition. Instead, this feeding regimen was more beneficial to early-lactation performance than GS-based total mixed ration diluted with wheat straw.
Overfeeding a moderate energy diet prepartum does not impair bovine subcutaneous adipose tissue insulin signal transduction and induces marked changes in peripartal gene network expression; Mechanisms regulating subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) insulin sensitivity and gene network expression during the peripartal period were evaluated in cows fed to meet or exceed prepartal energy requirements. Holstein cows were dried off at -50 d relative to expected parturition and fed a controlled-energy diet [CON; net energy for lactation = 1.24 Mcal/kg of dry matter (DM); 36% of DM as wheat straw] until -21 d. Cows were then randomly assigned (n = 7/diet) to either the same CON diet or a moderate-energy close-up diet (OVE; net energy for lactation = 1.47 Mcal/kg of DM) until parturition. Biopsies of SAT were harvested at -10, 7, and 21 d for mRNA expression of 48 genes associated with insulin signaling, adipogenesis, and lipolysis. In vitro basal and insulin-stimulated insulin receptor substrate 1 tyrosine phosphorylation (IRS1-PY) was assessed at -10 and 7 d. The OVE led to more positive energy balance and greater serum insulin concentration prepartum. Compared with CON, OVE led to a more drastic increase in serum NEFA and also greater overall serum BHBA postcalving, both of which were associated with greater hepatic total lipid and triacylglycerol concentration. Close-up OVE did not improve any aspect of performance. In prepartal SAT, insulin-stimulated IRS1-PY was greater in OVE than in CON. However, IRS1-PY, serum insulin, and GLUT4 expression decreased postpartum regardless of prepartal treatment, suggesting a more severe state of insulin resistance. The expression of all genes encoding adipogenic regulators (PPARG and ZFP423), most lipogenic enzymes/inducers (FASN, SCD, DGAT2, and INSIG1), and basal-lipolysis regulators (ATGL and ABDH5) was greater at 10 d in OVE than in CON. Whereas adipogenic and basal lipolysis regulator expression remained greater in cows fed OVE by 7 d postpartum, expression of all lipogenic enzymes decreased regardless of diet. Despite those responses, the approximately 3-fold increase in expression of IRS1 and ZFP423 between 7 and 21 d suggested that insulin responsiveness and adipogenic capacity of SAT were partially restored. Expression of the preadipocyte marker DLK1, adiponutrin (PNPLA3), and fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) was undetectable. Results suggested that close-up energy overfeeding did not exacerbate insulin resistance in SAT. Signs of restored insulin responsiveness (upregulation of IRS1, INSIG2, SREBF1, and ZFP423) were apparent as early as 3 wk postpartum. Thus, identifying specific nutrients capable of activating PPAR gamma after calving in AT might help accelerate its replenishment. A regulatory network encompassing the genes and physiological measurements obtained is proposed.
Effects of milk protein concentrate supplementation on metabolic parameters, adipocytokines and body composition in obese women under weight-loss diet: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial; Introduction Obesity impairs metabolic function and increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Evidence suggests that high-protein diets help to increase weight loss and protect against weight gain. Milk protein concentrate (MPC) is a dairy product with a high protein content with a ratio of casein and whey protein similar to skim milk. This trial aims to evaluate the effect of MPC supplementation in obese women under a weight-loss diet. Methods and analysis We will conduct a 2-month open-label, parallel-group, randomised controlled trial to determine the effect of MPC supplementation on levels of glycaemic and lipid profile, leptin, adiponectin, appetite, waist circumference, body mass index and body composition in 44 premenopausal obese women on a weight-loss diet. Ethics and dissemination This protocol, approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Ahvaz University of Medical Sciences, is in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki (approval number: IR.AJUMS.REC.1399.795). The trial results will be published in peer-reviewed journals.
Occurrence of subclinical metabolic disorders on dairy farms in Hungary between 1991-1997; A remarkable increase of annual milk production has been seen in Hungary during the last three decades. Due to high milk production, the nutritional demand of the dairy cows became higher and in many cases the feed intake failed to meet the requirement of high producing animals inducing metabolic disorders acid losses. The majority of the losses (decreased milk production, Increased occurrence of lameness, mastitis etc.) were caused by subclinical cases. During the last 7 years, metabolic profile tests have been performed at 130 large scale dairy farms with a total population of 80,000 head of Holstein-friesian cows in order to reveal malnutrition-caused subclinical metabolic diseases. During the 7 years, 5192 dairy cows were sampled selected randomly from the herd examined, The following groups were tested: I. = 1-2 weeks prior to expected parturition, II. = 1-7 days after calving, III. = 2-3 weeks after calving, IV. = 6-8 weeks after calving (at peak lactation), V. = mid-lactation, VI. = heifers, The results of the study are summarised in Table 1.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile and inflammation markers in metabolic syndrome - a randomized study (SYSDIET); Background Different healthy food patterns may modify cardiometabolic risk. We investigated the effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, blood pressure and inflammatory markers in people with metabolic syndrome. Methods We conducted a randomized dietary study lasting for 18-24weeks in individuals with features of metabolic syndrome (mean age 55years, BMI 31.6kgm-2, 67% women). Altogether 309 individuals were screened, 200 started the intervention after 4-week run-in period, and 96 (proportion of dropouts 7.9%) and 70 individuals (dropouts 27%) completed the study, in the Healthy diet and Control diet groups, respectively. Healthy diet included whole-grain products, berries, fruits and vegetables, rapeseed oil, three fish meals per week and low-fat dairy products. An average Nordic diet served as a Control diet. Compliance was monitored by repeated 4-day food diaries and fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids. Results Body weight remained stable, and no significant changes were observed in insulin sensitivity or blood pressure. Significant changes between the groups were found in non-HDL cholesterol (-0.18, mmolL-1 95% CI -0.35; -0.01, P=0.04), LDL to HDL cholesterol (-0.15, -0.28; -0.00, P=0.046) and apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A1 ratios (-0.04, -0.07; -0.00, P=0.025) favouring the Healthy diet. IL-1 Ra increased during the Control diet (difference -84, -133; -37ngL-1, P= 0.00053). Intakes of saturated fats (E%, beta estimate 4.28, 0.02; 8.53, P=0.049) and magnesium (mg, -0.23, -0.41; -0.05, P=0.012) were associated with IL-1 Ra. Conclusions Healthy Nordic diet improved lipid profile and had a beneficial effect on low-grade inflammation.
Acute effects of pistachio consumption on glucose and insulin, satiety hormones and endothelial function in the metabolic syndrome; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Nut consumption has been found to decrease risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes and to promote healthy body weights possibly related to their favorable macronutrient profile. We therefore assessed the effect of pistachios on postprandial glucose and insulin levels, gut hormones related to satiety and endothelial function. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this randomized crossover study, 20 subjects with metabolic syndrome consumed five study meals over 5-10 weeks. The meals differed in fat type and quantity, but were matched according to available carbohydrates (CHOs). Three meals had 50 g available CHO: white bread (WB50g), white bread, butter and cheese (WB+B+Ch) and white bread and pistachios (WB+P). Two meals had 12 g available CHO: white bread (WB12g) and pistachios (P). RESULTS: Within each group of available CHO meals, postprandial glucose levels were the highest following the white bread-only meals, and glucose response was significantly attenuated when butter and cheese or pistachios were consumed (P < 0.05). Postprandial insulin levels were highest after the WB+B+Ch meal (P < 0.05), but did not differ between the white bread-only and pistachio meals. Both endothelial function (reactive hyperemia index) and arterial stiffness (augmentation index) significantly increased after the white bread-only meals compared with the WB+B+Ch meal (all P < 0.05). Insulin secretagogue levels were higher when butter and cheese or pistachios were consumed than when white bread only was consumed (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with white bread, pistachio consumption reduced postprandial glycemia, increased glucagon-like-peptide levels and may have insulin-sparing properties. These effects could be beneficial for individuals with diabetes and metabolic syndrome.
The effect of cow milk powder on high density lipoprotein of white rat [Rattus norvegicus] strain Wistar model with diabetes mellitus type 2; The purpose of this study was to determine the cow 's milk powder to increased serum levels of High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) of white male rat model with diabetes mellitus type 2. The design of this study was a post-test control group study conducted in 30 male rats which randomly divided into five groups. Negative control group was the group of rats which fed normally, the positive control group was induced by streptozotocin (STZ) without given cow 's milk, group P1, P2, P3 were given a normal diet and cow 's milk 0.9; 1.8, and 2.7 g orally every day. The results of this study were the levels of HDL in K(-)=44.22 mg/dl, K(+)=47.45 mg/dl, P1=56.56 mg/dl, P2=51.82 mg/dl, and P3=59.45 mg/dl. The conclusion was the milk powder was not significantly increase levels of HDL (p>0.05). More longer intervention was suggested for further research to get more significant of HDL level on type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Nutrition Quality and Microbiology of Goat Milk Kefir Fortified with Vitamin B<sub>12</sub> and Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> during Storage; Goat milk kefir fortified vitamin B12 and vitamin D3 can be an alternative to improve insulin resistance. Fortification of vitamin B12 and vitamin D3 could affect the balance of complex ecosystems of bacteria and yeasts in goat milk kefir. We analyzed the nutritional quality and microbiology of goat milk kefir during storage. This experiment was done with completely randomized design consisted of five treatments, ie storage day 0, 3rd, 6th, 9th, and 15th. Vitamin B12, vitamin D3, protein were analyzed using spectrophotometric, fat using babcock method, total lactic acid bacteria using total plate count, pH with pH meter, and viscosity using ostwald method. During 15 days in refrigerated storage, there was no significant difference (p>0,05) of vitamin B12 concentration, protein, fat, and viscosity of kefir. Storage time of the final product caused the decrease of vitamin D3 concentration between day 9 and 15 (p=0,038), pH (p=0,023), and total lactic acid of kefir (p=0,0001). Total lactic acid bacteria increased until 9 days of storage (6161 +/- 1.296x107cfu / ml), but decreased to 24% on day 15 (150 +/- 7.78x107cfu / ml). pH kefir tends to fluctuate during storage with the highest pH value of 4,38 on day-3, and lowest 4.13 on day-9.
The impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy foods on symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease: an exploratory analysis based on a randomized controlled trial; Purpose Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is a widely prevalent condition. High consumption of dairy foods and dietary fat are associated with worse GERD symptoms. However, existing data are inconsistent and mostly based on observational studies. The purpose of this exploratory analysis of a randomized controlled trial was to investigate the impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy food consumption on GERD symptoms. Methods Seventy-two participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-week wash-in diet during which dairy intake was limited to three servings of nonfat milk per week. Participants were then randomized to either continue the limited dairy diet or switch to a diet containing 3.3 servings per day of either low-fat or full-fat milk, yogurt and cheese for 12 weeks. Here, we report intervention effects on the frequency of acid reflux, and the frequency and severity of heartburn, exploratory endpoints assessed by a questionnaire administered before and after the 12-week intervention. Results In the per-protocol analysis (n = 63), there was no differential intervention effect on a cumulative heartburn score (p = 0.443 for the time by diet interaction in the overall repeated measures analysis of variance). Similarly, the intervention groups did not differentially affect the odds of experiencing acid regurgitation (p = 0.651). The intent-to-treat analyses (n = 72) yielded similar results. Conclusion Our exploratory analyses suggest that, in men and women with the metabolic syndrome, increasing the consumption of either low-fat or full-fat dairy foods to at least three servings per day does not affect common symptoms of GERD, heartburn and acid regurgitation compared to a diet limited in dairy.
Walnut consumption and health outcomes with public health relevance-a systematic review of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials published from 2017 to present; Context Considering the accumulation of recent studies investigating the health effects of walnut consumption, both including and beyond cardiovascular health effects, a systematic review of this literature to investigate the strength of the evidence is warranted. Objective To investigate associations between walnut consumption and outcomes with public health relevance (specifically all-cause mortality, type 2 diabetes, CVD, metabolic syndrome, obesity, cancer, neurological and mental health, musculoskeletal, gastrointestinal, and maternal disorders) and the effect on associated disease risk markers, reported in studies published from 2017 to present. Data Sources MEDLINE, FSTA, CENTRAL, and Scopus were searched from 1 January 2017 to 5 May 2021. Data Extraction Human studies (cohort studies and RCTs) >= 3 weeks in duration comparing consumption of walnuts (whole, pieces, or 100% butter) to a control and measuring associations with relevant public health outcomes and disease risk markers were assessed. Key study characteristics were extracted independently by 2 investigators using a standardized table. The quality of the studies was assessed using the Cochrane Risk-of-Bias tool 2.0 and the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Data Analysis Only 1 RCT was considered to be at low risk of bias for any of its outcomes. The cohort studies were considered to be of moderate or high quality. The results were synthesized using vote counting, based on the direction of effect. Thirty-three articles, 23 describing RCTs (walnut dose similar to 10-99 g/day, 1,948 subjects) and 10 describing cohort studies (similar to 675,928 subjects), were included. Vote counting could be performed for the blood lipids, cardiovascular function, inflammation- and hemostatic-related factors, markers of glucose metabolism, and body weight and composition outcome groupings. The results are presented in effect direction plots. With respect to blood lipids, results from 8/8 RCTs favoured walnuts, in accordance with associations with a reduced risk of CVD suggested by cohort studies; results from 6/6 RCTs favoured control with respect to body weight and composition, although most of these effects were small. This was contrary to cohort study results suggesting small benefits of walnut consumption on body weight. There was no overall consistent direction of effect for cardiovascular function, markers of glucose metabolism, or inflammation- and hemostatic-related factors. Conclusions Evidence published since 2017 is consistent with previous research suggesting that walnut consumption improves lipid profiles and is associated with reduced CVD risk. Evidence is accumulating in other areas, such as cognitive health, although more research is needed to draw firm conclusions. Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD4202122.
Paleolithic nutrition for metabolic syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Paleolithic nutrition, which has attracted substantial public attention lately because of its putative health benefits, differs radically from dietary patterns currently recommended in guidelines, particularly in terms of its recommendation to exclude grains, dairy, and nutritional products of industry. Objective: We evaluated whether a Paleolithic nutritional pattern improves risk factors for chronic disease more than do other dietary interventions. Design: We conducted a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the Paleolithic nutritional pattern with any other dietary pattern in participants with one or more of the 5 components of metabolic syndrome. Two reviewers independently extracted study data and assessed risk of bias. Outcome data were extracted from the first measurement time point (<= 6 mo). A random-effects model was used to estimate the average intervention effect. The quality of the evidence was rated with the use of the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach. Results: Four RCTs that involved 159 participants were included. The 4 control diets were based on distinct national nutrition guidelines but were broadly similar. Paleolithic nutrition resulted in greater short-term improvements than did the control diets (random-effects model) for waist circumference (mean difference: -2.38 cm; 95% CI: -4.73, -0.04 cm), triglycerides (-0.40 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.76, -0.04 mmol/L), systolic blood pressure (-3.64 mm Hg; 95% CI: -7.36, 0.08 mm Hg), diastolic blood pressure (-2.48 mm Hg; 95% CI: -4.98, 0.02 mm Hg), HDL cholesterol (0.12 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.03, 0.28 mmol/L), and fasting blood sugar (-0.16 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.44, 0.11 mmol/L). The quality of the evidence for each of the 5 metabolic components was moderate. The home-delivery (n = 1) and dietary recommendation (n = 3) RCTs showed similar effects with the exception of greater improvements in triglycerides relative to the control with the home delivery. None of the RCTs evaluated an improvement in quality of life. Conclusions: The Paleolithic diet resulted in greater short-term improvements in metabolic syndrome components than did guideline-based control diets. The available data warrant additional evaluations of the health benefits of Paleolithic nutrition.
Effects of hydrogenated fat-spray-coated β-carotene supplement on plasma p-carotene concentration and conception rate after embryo transfer in Hanwoo beef cows; We hypothesised that hydrogenated fat (HF)-spray-coated beta-carotene (beta C) supplement could be used to increase plasma beta C concentration and conception rates after embryo transfer (ET) in Hanwoo beef cows. In Experiment 1, 12 multiparous Hanwoo cows were fed one of four experimental diets in a triplicate 4 x 4 Latin square design for a 28-day period. Treatments included no beta C addition (control), HF-uncoated beta C (HFu beta C), HF-spray-coated beta C (HF beta C), and HF-spray-coated beta C and vitamin A (HF beta CA). The cows under beta C-supplemented treatments were fed 400 mg/day of beta C, and a daily intake for vitamin A of HF beta CA treatment was 30 000 IU/day as retinyl acetate. Blood was collected on days 0, 26, 27, and 28 to analyse beta C and other metabolite concentrations. In Experiment 2, 199 Hanwoo cows with low fertility were randomly assigned to either control (n = 99) or HF beta C treatments (n = 100) based on the results of Experiment 1. The oestrus of the cows was synchronised for ET. The HF beta C group was fed from 4 weeks before to 4 weeks after ET with a daily intake of 400 mg beta C. Pregnancy for conception rates was diagnosed on day 60 after ET, and blood was collected for beta C concentrations on the day before ET. Supplementing beta C resulted in a high plasma beta C concentration (P < 0.001). Supplementing HF beta C or HF beta CA resulted in higher beta C concentrations than HFu beta C (P < 0.001); however, there was no difference between HF beta C and HF beta CA groups. Plasma retinol concentration was lower in the HF beta CA treatment than in the control and HF beta C groups (P < 0.05). Blood metabolites were unaffected by the treatments. The retinol:beta C ratio was lower in the beta C-supplemented treatments than in the controls, and was lower in HF beta C and HF beta CA than in HFu beta C groups (P < 0.001). Plasma beta C concentration was positively correlated with plasma high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, and total cholesterol (P < 0.05). Plasma retinol concentration was negatively associated with plasma protein (P < 0.01), but positively associated with plasma creatinine (P < 0.001) and urea (P < 0.01). Supplementing HF beta C to low-fertility cows resulted in higher plasma beta C concentration (P < 0.001) and conception rates (P = 0.024) than those in the controls. In conclusion, HF beta C had a better bioavailability than HFu beta C, and an increase in conception rates by supplementing HF beta C may be beneficial for producing more calves given the low pregnancy rates of bovine ET in Korea. (C) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Animal Consortium. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Probiotics improve glucose and lipid metabolism in pregnant women: a meta-analysis; Background: This study aims to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on the maternal metabolism and the risk of development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the pregnant women by a meta-analysis of relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Methods: The medical literature was searched from PubMed, Web of Science and the Cochrane Library since inception to October 2017. Two investigators independently performed the data extraction and quality assessment. The mean differences (MD) or standardized mean differences (SMD) or relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated with the random-effects model. Results: From 648 citations, a total of ten RCTs published in 13 articles with 1,139 participants met the inclusion criteria. The meta-analysis showed that probiotics supplementation effectively reduced the fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels (MD-0.11 mmol/L, P=0.0003), serum insulin levels (MD-2.06 mu U/mL, P< 0.00001), insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (MD-0.38, P< 0.00001). The study found a significant effect of probiotics on decreasing the risk of GDM [risk ratio (RR) 0.52, P=0.003) in early pregnancy. Additionally, there were statistically significant reductions in the total cholesterol and triglycerides levels after probiotic interventions (SMD-0.56, P=0.03; SMD-0.66, P=0.04), respectively. Conclusions: Our study shows that the probiotic use was associated with improved glucose and lipid metabolism in the pregnant women, and might also contribute to the reduced risk of GDM.
Regular Consumption of Both Vitamin D- and Calcium- and Vitamin D-Fortified Yogurt Drink Is Equally Accompanied by Lowered Blood Lipoprotein (a) and Elevated Apoprotein A1 in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the major morbidity and cause of death in diabetic subjects. Observational studies have shown the association of low vitamin D status with poor glycemic control, atherogenic lipid profile, and CVD. However, the possible link between circulating 25-hydroxycholecalciferol and apoproteins (Apo A1 and B) and the atherogenic lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] has not been documented to date. Methods: Ninety subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) aged 30-60 years from both sexes were randomly allocated to one of the 3 groups to receive 2 bottles a day of either (1) plain doogh (PD; containing 150 mg calcium and no detectable vitamin D/250 mL); (2) vitamin D-fortified doogh (DD; containing 150 mg calcium and 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL); or (3) calcium-and vitamin D-fortified doogh (CDD; containing 250 mg calcium and 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL) for 12 weeks. Anthropometric, dietary, and laboratory assessments, including Apo A1, Apo B, and Lp(a), were done. Results: Improvement of vitamin D status in DD and CDD groups, compared to PD, resulted in a significant increase in Apo A1 (mean changes 0.22 +/- 0.38, 0.20 +/- 0.27 and 0.01 +/- 0.35 g/L, respectively, p = 0.047) and a significant decrease in serum Lp(a) (mean changes -0.08 +/- 0.30, -0.08 +/- 0.31, and 0.14 +/- 0.25 mu mol/L, respectively, p = 0.011). There was no significant difference between DD and CDD groups. Serum Apo B did not change significantly in any of the groups. Conclusions: Significant amelioration of serum Apo A1 and Lp(a) following improvement of vitamin D status in T2D subjects may have preventive implications against long-term diabetic complications, notably CVD. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NTC01229891.
Effect of Probiotic (VSL#3) and Omega-3 on Lipid Profile, Insulin Sensitivity, Inflammatory Markers, and Gut Colonization in Overweight Adults: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; To evaluate the effects of probiotic (VSL# 3) and omega-3 fatty acid on insulin sensitivity, blood lipids, and inflammation, we conducted a clinical trial in 60 overweight (BMI > 25), healthy adults, aged 40-60 years. After initial screening the subjects were randomized into four groups with 15 per group. The four groups received, respectively, placebo, omega-3 fatty acid, probioticVSL#3, or both omega-3 and probiotic, for 6 weeks. Blood and fecal samples were collected at baseline and after 6 weeks. The probiotic (VSL#3) supplemented group had significant reduction in total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL, and VLDL and had increased HDL (P < 0.05) value. VSL# 3 improved insulin sensitivity (P < 0.01), decreased hsCRP, and favorably affected the composition of gut microbiota. Omega-3 had significant effect on insulin sensitivity and hsCRP but had no effect on gut microbiota. Addition of omega-3 fatty acid with VSL# 3 hadmore pronounced effect on HDL, insulin sensitivity and hsCRP. Subjects with low HDL, insulin resistance, and high hsCRP had significantly lower total lactobacilli and bifidobacteria count and higher E. coli and bacteroides
Soy diet for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Introduction: The efficacy of soy diet for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease remains controversial. We conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis to explore the influence of soy diet vs placebo on the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Methods: We search PubMed, EMbase, Web of science, EBSCO, and Cochrane library databases through October 2020 for randomized controlled trials assessing the efficacy of soy diet vs placebo for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. This meta-analysis is performed using the random-effect model. Results: Five randomized controlled trials are included in the meta-analysis. Overall, compared with control group for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, soy diet is associated with significantly reduced HOMA-IR (standard mean difference [SMD] = -0.42; 95% confidence interval [CI] = -0.76 to -0.08; P = .01), increased insulin (SMD = -0.64; 95% CI = -0.98 to -0.30; P = .0002) and decreased malondialdehyde (SMD = -0.43; 95% CI = -0.74 to -0.13; P = .005), but demonstrated no substantial impact on body mass index (SMD = 0.17; 95% CI = -0.20 to 0.53; P = .37), alanine aminotransferase (SMD = -0.01; 95% CI = -0.61 to 0.60; P = .98), aspartate-aminotransferase (SMD = 0.01; 95% CI = -0.47 to 0.49; P = .97), total cholesterol (SMD = 0.05; 95% CI = -0.25 to 0.35; P = .73) or low density lipoprotein (SMD = 0; 95% CI = -0.30 to 0.30; P = .99). Conclusions: Soy diet may benefit to alleviate insulin resistance for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Differential Effects of Red Meat/Refined Grain Diet and Dairy/Chicken/Nuts/Whole Grain Diet on Glucose, Insulin and Triglyceride in a Randomized Crossover Study; Epidemiological studies suggest that a diet high in processed meat, with a high glycemic index is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. It is not clear if this is due to altered insulin sensitivity or an enhanced postprandial glucose. We aimed to compare the acute metabolic response of two different types of meals after ingestion of the matching diet for four weeks. The study was a randomized, crossover acute meal study. Volunteers consumed either a red meat/refined grain meal or a dairy/chicken/nuts/wholegrain meal after four weeks of the matching diet. After a three-week washout period and four weeks of the alternate diet, they consumed the matching meal. The diets differed with respect to both protein and carbohydrate sources. Blood samples were taken for 180 min for the measurement of glucose, insulin, C-peptide and triglyceride. Fifty-one participants (age: 35.1 +/- 15.6 years; body mass index: 27.7 +/- 6.9 kg/m(2), 17 with normal and 34 with impaired glucose tolerance) completed two meal tests. The area under the curve (p < 0.001) and incremental area under the curve (p = 0.001) for insulin was significantly higher after the red meat/refined grain diet than after the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet. There was an interaction between meal and glucose tolerance group (p < 0.05) in the area under the curve (AUC) and the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of glucose; the red meat/refined grain diet increased glucose relative to the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet only in the normal group (+2.5 mmol/L/3 h). The red meat/refined grain diet increased glucose and insulin responses compared with the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet. This meal pattern would increase pancreatic stress long term and may account for the increased risk of type 2 diabetes with this diet.
Diet in Acne: Further Evidence for the Role of Nutrient Signalling in Acne Pathogenesis; Recent evidence underlines the role of Western diet in the pathogenesis of acne. Acne is absent in populations consuming Palaeolithic diets with low glycaemic load and no consumption of milk or dairy products. Two randomized controlled studies, one of which is presented in this issue of Acta Dermato-Venereologica, have provided evidence for the beneficial therapeutic effects of low glycaemic load diets in acne. Epidemiological evidence confirms that milk consumption has an acne-promoting or acne-aggravating effect. Recent progress in understanding the nutrient-sensitive kinase mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) allows a new view of nutrient signalling in acne by both high glycaemic load and increased insulin-, IGF-1-, and leucine signalling due to milk protein consumption. Acne should be regarded as an mTORC1-driven disease of civilization, like obesity, type 2 diabetes and cancer induced by Western diet. Early dietary counselling of teenage acne patients is thus a great opportunity for dermatology, which will not only help to improve acne but may reduce the long-term adverse effects of Western diet on more serious mTORC1-driven diseases of civilization.
Effect of lactic acid fermented foods on glycemic control in diabetic adults: a systemic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) fermented foods are reported to have potential in managing glycemic control. This systematic review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of LAB-fermented foods on improving glycemic control in adults with prediabetics or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on LAB fermentation-related foods were searched on PubMed, Cochrane, Excerpta Medica database (EMBASE), Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), and Web of Science. Sixteen RCTs were included, and the results concluded LAB-fermented food had significant effects in HbA1c (Z = 6.24, MD = -0.05, CI: -0.07 to -0.04, p <= 0.00001), fasting plasma glucose (Z = 2.50, MD = -0.16, CI: -0.29 to -0.04, p = 0.01) and fasting serum insulin (Z = 2.51, MD = -0.20, CI: -0.35 to -0.04, p = 0.01). There were significant effects on lipid profile, inflammatory markers, and body mass index in secondary analyses. Subgroup analysis suggests LAB-fermented consumption with a longer duration, younger age group and adults with T2DM, had a larger effect size. Clinicians could offer LAB-fermented food as dietary recommendations for prediabetic and diabetic adults. Larger trials are warranted to verify LAB-fermented food benefits on glycemic control. Systematic Review Registration: PROSPERO Registration No. CRD42022295220
Causal Relationship between Diet-Induced Gut Microbiota Changes and Diabetes: A Novel Strategy to Transplant <i>Faecalibacterium prausnitzii</i> in Preventing Diabetes; The incidence of metabolic disorders, including diabetes, has elevated exponentially during the last decades and enhanced the risk of a variety of complications, such as diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. In the present review, we have highlighted the new insights on the complex relationships between diet-induced modulation of gut microbiota and metabolic disorders, including diabetes. Literature from various library databases and electronic searches (ScienceDirect, PubMed, and Google Scholar) were randomly collected. There exists a complex relationship between diet and gut microbiota, which alters the energy balance, health impacts, and autoimmunity, further causes inflammation and metabolic dysfunction, including diabetes. Faecalibacterium prausnitzii is a butyrate-producing bacterium, which plays a vital role in diabetes. Transplantation of F. prausnitzii has been used as an intervention strategy to treat dysbiosis of the gut's microbial community that is linked to the inflammation, which precedes autoimmune disease and diabetes. The review focuses on literature that highlights the benefits of the microbiota especially, the abundant of F. prausnitzii in protecting the gut microbiota pattern and its therapeutic potential against inflammation and diabetes.
Functional Foods for Type 2 Diabetes; A number of studies have suggested that functional foods such as tea, wheat, nuts, and sweet potatoes have beneficial effects on glycemic control; however, the effectiveness of consuming functional foods for the management of diabetes remains unclear. The aim of this review is to summarize the evidence for functional foods in diabetes maintenance. A PubMed and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews search utilizing the indexing terms. functional food. and. diabetes. was performed. A total of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) met the criteria. Resveratrol, wheat albumin, ginger, and wine grape pomace flour all improved glycemic control, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, and lipid profiles. On the other hand, citrus flavonoids-enriched product, arabinogalactan, low-fat milk, raw red onion, and functional yogurt appear to have no effects on diabetes. As for resveratrol, the results are controversial. Although the underlying mechanism is not clear, the differences in the characteristics of study participants may have an influence on the effectiveness of functional foods. However, the effects of functional foods on diabetes remain inconclusive due to the small number of subjects, short duration, and methodological heterogeneity among RCTs. In addition to the current evidence, further RCTs investigating the effects of functional foods on diabetic complications, mortality, and cost-effectiveness, as well as glycemic control, are required.
Randomised controlled trial of effect of whole soy replacement diet on features of metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women: study protocol; Introduction: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a public health problem in postmenopausal women. Whole soy foods are rich in unsaturated fats, high quality plant protein and various bioactive phytochemicals that may have a beneficial role in the management of MetS. The aim of the study is to examine the effect of whole soy replacement diet on the features of MetS among postmenopausal women. Methods and analysis: This will be a 12-month, randomised, single-blind, parallel controlled trial among 208 postmenopausal women at risk of MetS or with early MetS. After 4 weeks' run-in, subjects will be randomly allocated to one of two intervention groups, whole soy replacement group or control group, each for 12 months. Subjects in the whole soy group will be required to include four servings of whole soy foods (containing 25 g soy protein) into their daily diet iso-calorically, replacing red or processed meat and high fat dairy products. Subjects in the control group will remain on a usual diet. The outcome measures will include metabolic parameters as well as a 10-year risk for ischaemic cardiovascular disease. We hypothesise that the whole soy substitution diet will notably improve features of MetS in postmenopausal women at risk of MetS or with early MetS. The study will have both theoretical and practical significance. If proven effective, the application of the whole soy replacement diet model will be a safe, practical and economical strategy for MetS prevention and treatment. Ethics and dissemination: Ethics approval has been obtained from the Ethics Committee of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. The results will be disseminated via conference presentations and papers in academic peer reviewed journals. Data files will be deposited in an accessible repository.
Effects of probiotics supplementation on macrophage migration inhibitory factor and clinical laboratory feature of polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a set of reproductive and metabolic symptoms associated with an imbalance of reproductive hormones in women. Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) is an inflammatory adipocytokine associated with metabolic disorders. Probiotics probably has influence on metabolic and inflammatory conditions. We aimed by this study, for the first time, to evaluate the impact of probiotic supplementation on MIF values, clinical and laboratory feature of PCOS. Furthermore, we aimed to explore the power of MIF for diagnosis PCOS. Methods: Sixty women diagnosed with PCOS were selected in this single-blinded clinical trial and 40 healthy control women. Participants received probiotic supplements for 12-week. Clinical and laboratory measures were evaluated at baseline and after 12 weeks of intervention. High sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and MIF levels were assessed using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results: Probiotic supplementation improved clinical, hormonal, and inflammatory biomarkers in women with PCOS. Additionally in PCOS group, logistic regression analysis revealed that MIF and HOMA-IR were independent predictors of probiotic response with odds ratios of 1.641 and 0.335, respectively. Regarding inflammatory biomarkers, hs-CRP and MIF, its value increased in PCOS group compared to healthy group. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analysis revealed that, area under the curve (AUC) for the MIF was 0.981 (95% CI = 0.902-0.898) with sensitivity = 90.2%, specificity = 89.8% and the cutoff values (19.7). Interestingly, the power of MIF was more sensitive and specific than hsCRP for diagnosis of PCOS. Thus MIF could be a useful diagnostic inflammatory biomarker discriminating PCOS from healthy controls. Moreover in PCOS group stepwise multiple linear regression analysis, detected that HOMA-IR, neutrophil count, hs-CRP and fat mass index (FMI) were main predictors of MIF levels among other clinical and laboratory biomarkers. Conclusion: Regarding the effects of probiotic supplementation on inflammatory and metabolic disorders; our novel findings explored a favorable effect of probiotic supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers; clinical, laboratory features of PCOS, and MIF levels. Furthermore, probiotic could be used for treatment of PCOS and its associated morbidity. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Randomized, placebo-controlled, calcium supplementation trial in pregnant Gambian women accustomed to a low calcium intake: effects on maternal blood pressure and infant growth; Background: Dietary calcium intake in rural Gambian women is very low (similar to 350 mg/d) compared with international recommendations. Studies have suggested that calcium supplementation of women receiving low-calcium diets significantly reduces risk of pregnancy hypertension. Objective: We tested the effects on blood pressure (BP) of calcium carbonate supplementation (1500 mg Ca/d) in pregnant, rural Gambian women. Design: The study was a randomized, double-blind, parallel, placebo-controlled supplementation trial from 20 wk of gestation (P20) until delivery (calcium: n = 330; placebo; n = 332). BP and anthropometric measures were taken at P20 and then 4 weekly until 36 wk of gestation (P36), and infant anthropometric measures were taken at 2, 13, and 52 wk postdelivery. Results: A total of 525 (calcium: n = 260; placebo: n = 265) women had BP measured at P36 and subsequently delivered a healthy term singleton infant. Mean compliance was 97%, and urinary calcium measures confirmed the group allocation. At P20, the mean (+/- SD) systolic blood pressure (SBP) was 101.2 +/- 9.0 and 102.1 +/- 9.3 mm Hg, and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) was 54.5 +/- 7.3 and 55.8 +/- 7.8 mm Hg, in the calcium and placebo groups, respectively. The intention-to-treat analysis that was adjusted for confounders showed no significant effect of calcium supplementation on the change between P20 and P36 (calcium compared with placebo; mean 6 SEM) in SBP (-0.64 +/- 0.65%; P = 0.3) or DBP (-0.22 +/- 1.15%; P = 0.8). There was no significant effect of supplementation on BP, pregnancy weight gain, weight postpartum, or infant weight, length, and other measures of growth. However, the comparability of the original randomly assigned groups may have been compromised by the exclusion of 20.7% of women from the final analysis. Conclusions: Calcium supplementation did not affect BP in pregnancy. This result may have been because the Gambian women were adapted to a low dietary calcium intake, and/or obesity, high gestational weight gain, high underlying BP, tobacco use, alcohol consumption, and sedentary lifestyles were rare. This trial was registered at the International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Register (www.controlled-trials.com/mrct/) as ISRCTN96502494.
Effects of milk enriched with ω-3 fatty acid, oleic acid and folic acid in patients with metabolic syndrome; Background & aims: Patients with metabolic syndrome (MS) have increased cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary modifications mainly polyunsatturated fatty acids intake, can improve them. The present study was performed to assess the effects of enriched milk with omega-3 and oleic fatty acids, folic acid and vitamin E, in these patients. Methods: We performed a randomized, placebo-controlled and open clinical trial, among 72 patients with MS for 3 months. Thirty-six of them consumed 500 cm(3) per day of semi-skimmed milk (control group), and the others consumed 500 cm(3) per day of enriched milk (test group). Daily supplements in this group were 5.7 g of oleic acid, 0.2 g of omega-3 fatty acid, 150 mu g of folic acid and 7.5 mg of vitamin E. Serum for total and HDL cholesterol, triglycerol, Apo B, glucose, insulin, hs-CRP, homocysteine and fatty acids contents in serum phospholipids, was obtained at the beginning and at the end of the study. LDL cholesterol was calculated by Friedewald formula. Results: Four patients in the test group, and two in the control group dropped out. In the test group a decrease in serum total cholesterol (-6.2%, P = 0.006), LDL cholesterol (-7.5%, P = 0.032), trigtycerol (-13.3%, P = 0.016), Apo B (-5.7%, P = 0.036), glucose (-5.3%, P = 0.013), and homocysteine (-9.5%, P = 0.00) was observed. Any of these parameters changed in the control group. Conclusions: Dietary supplementation with 500 cm(3) of enriched milk with omega-3 fatty acid, oleic acid and folic acid, reduces serum tryglicerides, total and LDL cholesterol, Apo B, glucose and homocysteine in patients with MS. This milk is well tolerated and accepted by the patients. (C) 2006 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Is glycaemic control associated with dietary patterns independent of weight change in people newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes? Prospective analysis of the Early-ACTivity-In-Diabetes trial; Background: It is unclear whether diet affects glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes (T2D), over and above its effects on bodyweight. We aimed to assess whether changes in dietary patterns altered glycaemic control independently of effects on bodyweight in newly diagnosed T2D. Methods: We used data from 4-day food diaries, HbA1c and potential confounders in participants of the Early-ACTivity-In-Diabetes trial measured at 0, 6 and 12 months. At baseline, a 'carb/fat balance' dietary pattern and an 'obesogenic' dietary pattern were derived using reduced-rank regression, based on hypothesised nutrient-mediated mechanisms linking dietary intake to glycaemia directly or via obesity. Relationships between 0 and 6 month change in dietary pattern scores and baseline-adjusted HbA1c at 6 months (n = 242; primary outcome) were assessed using multivariable linear regression. Models were repeated for periods 6-12 months and 0-12 months (n = 194 and n = 214 respectively; secondary outcomes). Results: Reductions over 0-6 months were observed in mean bodyweight (- 2.3 (95% CI: - 2.7, - 1.8) kg), body mass index (- 0.8 (- 0.9, - 0.6) kg/m(2)), energy intake (- 788 (- 953, - 624) kJ/day), and HbA1c (- 1.6 (- 2.6, -0.6) mmol/mol). Weight loss strongly associated with lower HbA1c at 0-6 months (beta = - 0.70 [95% CI - 0.95, - 0.45] mmol/mol/kg lost). Average fat and carbohydrate intakes changed to be more in-line with UK healthy eating guidelines between 0 and 6 months. Dietary patterns shifting carbohydrate intakes higher and fat intakes lower were characterised by greater consumption of fresh fruit, low-fat milk and boiled/baked potatoes and eating less of higher-fat processed meats, butter/animal fats and red meat. Increases in standardised 'carb/fat balance' dietary pattern score associated with improvements in HbA1c at 6 months independent of weight loss (beta = - 1.54 [- 2.96, - 0.13] mmol/mol/SD). No evidence of association with HbA1c was found for this dietary pattern at other time-periods. Decreases in 'obesogenic' dietary pattern score were associated with weight loss (beta = - 0.77 [- 1.31, - 0.23] kg/SD) but not independently with HbA1c during any period. Conclusions: Promoting weight loss should remain the primary nutritional strategy for improving glycaemic control in early T2D. However, improving dietary patterns to bring carbohydrate and fat intakes closer to UK guidelines may provide small, additional improvements in glycaemic control.
Estimation and Prediction of Avoidable Health Care Costs of Cardiovascular Diseases and Type 2 Diabetes Through Adequate Dairy Food Consumption: A Systematic Review and Micro Simulation Modeling Study; Background: Recent evidence from prospective cohort studies show a relationship between consumption of dairy foods and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This association highlights the importance of dairy foods consumption in prevention of these diseases and also reduction of associated healthcare costs. The aim of this study was to estimate avoidable healthcare costs of CVD and T2D through adequate dairy foods consumption in Iran. Methods: This was a multistage modelling study. We conducted a systematic literature review in PubMed and EMBASE to identify any association between incidence of CVD and T2DM and dairy foods intake, and also associated relative risks. We obtained age-and sex-specific dairy foods consumption level and healthcare expenditures from national surveys and studies. Patient level simulation Markov models were constructed to predict the disease incidence, patient population size and associated healthcare costs for current and optimal dairy foods consumption at different time horizons (1, 5, 10 and 20 years). All parameters including costs and transition probabilities were defined as statistical distributions in the models, and all analyses were conducted by accounting for first and second order uncertainty. Results: The systematic review results indicated that dairy foods consumption was inversely associated with incidence of T2DM, coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke. We estimated that the introduction of a diet containing 3 servings of dairy foods per day may produce a $0.43 saving in annual per capita healthcare costs in Iran in the first year due to saving in cost of CVD and T2DM treatment. The estimated savings in per capita healthcare costs were $8.42, $39.97 and $190.25 in 5, 10 and 20-years' time, respectively. Corresponding total aggregated avoidable costs for the entire Iranian population within the study time horizons were $33.83, $661.31, $3,138.21 and $14,934.63 million, respectively. Conclusion: Our analysis demonstrated that increasing dairy foods consumption to recommended levels would be associated with reductions in healthcare costs. Further randomized trial studies are required to investigate the effect of dairy foods intake on cost of CVD and T2DM in the population.
Relationship between yoghurt consumption and components of metabolic syndrome: A cross-sectional study in the west of Iran; The association between total, low-fat, and whole-fat yoghurt consumption with the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components was assessed using a cross-sectional study for which 973 adults were selected using a randomised-multistage-cluster sampling method. Dietary intake was assessed using of a validated, 168 food-item, self-administrated, semi-quantitative food-frequency-questionnaire. Consumption (servings per week) of yoghurt among individuals with and without MetS were 4.5 +/- 3.9, and 5.8 +/- 5.9, respectively (p < 0.001), and for high-fat yoghurt were 2.1 +/- 2.9, and 3.1 +/- 5.8, respectively (p < 0.001). Yoghurt consumption was inversely associated with the risk of high triacylglycerol concentration after adjustment for confounders. After adjustment for potential confounders, by differentiation between low- and high-fat yoghurts, there was no significant association with MetS. However, low-fat yoghurt was significantly associated with abdominal adiposity and high fasting plasma glucose (FPG). Low-fat yoghurt consumption was associated with a lower risk of FPG and abdominal adiposity. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adequate nutrient intake can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans; Cardiovascular disease kills nearly as many Americans each year as the next seven leading causes of death combined. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease and most of its associated risk factors is markedly higher and increasing more rapidly among African Americans than in any other racial or ethnic group. Improving these statistics may be simply a matter of improving diet quality. In recent years, a-substantial and growing body of evidence has revealed that dietary patterns complete in all food groups, including nutrient-rich dairy products, are essential for preventing and reducing cardiovascular disease and the conditions that contribute to it. Several cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, insulin resistance syndrome, and obesity, have been shown to be positively influenced by dietary patterns that include adequate intake of dairy products. The benefits of nutrient-rich dietary patterns have been specifically tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations. These studies demonstrated proportionally greater benefits for African Americans without evidence of adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose intolerance. As currently promoted for the prevention of certain cancers and osteopprosis, regular consumption of diets that meet recommended nutrient intake levels might also be the most effective approach for reducing cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans.
Can milk proteins be a useful tool in the management of cardiometabolic health? An updated review of human intervention trials; The prevalence of cardiometabolic diseases is a significant public health burden worldwide. Emerging evidence supports the inverse association between greater dairy consumption and reduced risk of cardiometabolic diseases. Dairy proteins may have an important role in the favourable impact of dairy on human health such as blood pressure (BP), blood lipid and glucose control. The purpose of this review is to update and critically evaluate the evidence on the impacts of casein and whey protein in relation to metabolic function. Evidence from short-term clinical studies assessing postprandial responses to milk protein ingestion suggests benefits on vascular function independent of BP, as well as improvement in glycaemic homeostasis. Long-term interventions have been less conclusive, with some showing benefits and others indicating a lack of improvement in vascular function. During chronic consumption BP appears to be lowered and both dyslipidaemia and hyperglacaemia seem to be controlled. Limited number of trials investigated the effects of dairy proteins on oxidative stress and inflammation. Although the underlying mechanisms of milk proteins on cardiometabolic homeostasis remains to be elucidated, the most likely mechanism is to improve insulin resistance. The incorporation of meals enriched with dairy protein in the habitual diet may result in the beneficial effects on cardiometabolic health. Nevertheless, future well-designed, controlled studies are needed to investigate the relative effects of both casein and whey protein on BP, vascular function, glucose homeostasis and inflammation.
A randomized trial evaluating the effects of change in dairy food consumption on cardio-metabolic risk factors; Background It is currently not known whether dairy food influences the risk of cardiovascular disease or diabetes. This study evaluates effects of changing dairy intake on cardio-metabolic risk factors. Methods 180 healthy volunteers were randomised to increase, reduce or not change their dairy intake for 1 month in response to dietary advice. Body weight, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting plasma lipids, insulin resistance and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at baseline and after 1 month and compared by dietary group. Results 176 (98%) subjects completed the study. Average change in self-reported dairy fat intake for increased dairy food was +0.9 SD 1.1g/day (+71%), no change was -2.1 SD 0.4g/day (-15%) and decreased dairy food was -10.8 SD 1.2g/day (-77%) respectively. There was no statistically significant change in LDL or HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, C-reactive protein, glucose or insulin with 95% CI standard mean differences <0.2 for all and CRP <0.3. There was a small increase in weight (+0.4kg, SD 3.1) in those asked to increase dairy food. Conclusions In healthy volunteers, dietary advice to change dairy intake for 1 month did not have a clinically significant effect on cardio-metabolic risk factors. These observations suggest that dairy food can be included as part of a normal healthy diet without increasing cardio-metabolic risk. Trial registration number: ACTRN12612000574842
A Vegan Diet Is Associated with a Significant Reduction in Dietary Acid Load: Post Hoc Analysis of a Randomized Controlled Trial in Healthy Individuals; The composition of diet strongly affects acid-base homeostasis. Western diets abundant in acidogenic foods (meat and cheese) and deficient in alkalizing foods (fruits and vegetables) increase dietary acid load (DAL). A high DAL has been associated with numerous health repercussions, including cardiovascular disease and type-2-diabetes. Plant-based diets have been associated with a lower DAL; however, the number of trials exploring this association is limited. This randomized-controlled trial sought to examine whether an isocaloric vegan diet lowers DAL as compared to a meat-rich diet. Forty-five omnivorous individuals were randomly assigned to a vegan diet (n = 23) or a meat-rich diet (n = 22) for 4 weeks. DAL was determined using potential renal acid load (PRAL) and net endogenous acid production (NEAP) scores at baseline and after 3 and 4 weeks, respectively. After 3 weeks, median PRAL (-23.57 (23.87)) and mean NEAP(R) (12.85 +/- 19.71) scores were significantly lower in the vegan group than in the meat-rich group (PRAL: 18.78 (21.04) and NEAP(R): 60.93 +/- 15.51, respectively). Effects were mediated by a lower phosphorus and protein intake in the vegan group. Our study suggests that a vegan diet is a potential means to reduce DAL, whereas a meat-rich diet substantially increases the DAL burden.
The Effect of <i>Lactobacillus</i> Consumption on Human Blood Pressure: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Objectives: Previous clinical studies have shown controversial results regarding the effect of Lactobacillus supplementation on blood pressure (BP). The purpose of this systematic review and meta-analysis is to examine the effect of Lactobacillus consumption on BP. Methods: Eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were searched from five electronic databases until May 2020. In total, 18 studies were included in our meta -analysis. Quality of the selected studies was assessed, and a random-effects model was used to calculate the overall effect sizes of weighted mean differences (WMD). This systematic review was registered in PROSPERO with the number: CRD42019139294. Results: Lactobacillus consumption significantly reduced systolic blood pressure (SBP) by -2.74 mmHg (95% confidence interval, -4.96 to -0.51) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) by -1.50 mmHg (95% confidence interval, -2.44 to -0.56) when comparing with the control group. Subgroup analysis showed that type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients, Asian individuals, or borderline hypertension participants were more sensitive to daily consumption of Lactobacillus. And the effect of Lactobacillus on BP-reduction was more significant in capsule form, with the dose was above 5 x 10(9) colony-forming unit (CFU)/day or lasted for more than 8 weeks. Conclusions: Our present study suggests that Lactobacillus consumption in capsule form when the daily dose is above 5 x 10(9) CFU for more than 8 weeks can decrease SBP or DBP in T2DM patients, borderline hypertension participants or Asian individuals.
Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects (vol 11, 1700, 2019); Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha-glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross-over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low- or high-dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration-time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low-dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low-dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA1c values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
The Consumption of Milk and Dairy Foods and the Incidence of Vascular Disease and Diabetes: An Overview of the Evidence; The health effects of milk and dairy food consumption would best be determined in randomised controlled trials. No adequately powered trial has been reported and none is likely because of the numbers required. The best evidence comes, therefore, from prospective cohort studies with disease events and death as outcomes. Medline was searched for prospective studies of dairy food consumption and incident vascular disease and Type 2 diabetes, based on representative population samples. Reports in which evaluation was in incident disease or death were selected. Meta-analyses of the adjusted estimates of relative risk for disease outcomes in these reports were conducted. Relevant case-control retrospective studies were also identified and the results are summarised in this article. Meta-analyses suggest a reduction in risk in the subjects with the highest dairy consumption relative to those with the lowest intake: 0.87 (0.77, 0.98) for all-cause deaths, 0.92 (0.80, 0.99) for ischaemic heart disease, 0.79 (0.68, 0.91) for stroke and 0.85 (0.75, 0.96) for incident diabetes. The number of cohort studies which give evidence on individual dairy food items is very small, but, again, there is no convincing evidence of harm from consumption of the separate food items. In conclusion, there appears to be an enormous mis-match between the evidence from long-term prospective studies and perceptions of harm from the consumption of dairy food items.
Effect of Probiotic, Prebiotic, and Synbiotic Supplementation on Cardiometabolic and Oxidative Stress Parameters in Patients With Chronic Kidney Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Purpose: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major health problem worldwide. Evidence supporting the use of probiotic, prebiotic, and synbiotic supplementation in the management of CKD is mixed, although some studies suggest they may be useful. A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotic, prebiotic, and synbiotic supplementation for improving cardiometabolic and oxidative stress parameters in patients with CKD. Methods: A comprehensive key word search was performed in EMBASE, Medline, Scopus, Cochrane Central, and Web of Science until April 2020. Randomized controlled trials investigating the effectiveness of probiotic, synbiotic, and prebiotic supplementation for the management of adults with CKD were included. Primary outcomes were measures of cardiometabolic parameters such as cholesterol and fasting blood glucose. Secondary outcomes were measures of oxidative stress (eg, malondialdehyde levels) and body mass index. Random effects meta-analyses were used to estimate mean treatment effects. Results are reported as standardized mean differences (SMDs) and 95% CIs. Findings: Fourteen articles were included. In patients with CKD, probiotic, prebiotic, and synbiotic supplementation significantly reduced total cholesterol (SMD, -0.25; 95% CI, -0.46 to -0.04; I-2 = 00.0%), fasting blood glucose (SMD, -0.41; 95% CI, -0.65 to -0.17; I-2 = 00.0%), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (SMD, -0.63; 95% CI, -0.95 to -0.30; I-2 = 43.3%), insulin levels (SMD, -0.49; 95% CI, -0.90 to -0.08; I-2 = 65.2%), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels (SMD, -0.52; 95% CI, -0.81 to -0.22; I-2 = 52.7%), and malondialdehyde levels (SMD, -0.79; 95% CI, - 1.22 to -0.37; I-2 = 69.8%) compared with control interventions. Supplementation significantly increased the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (SMD, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.51 to 1.05; I-2 = 00.0%), total antioxidant capacity (SMD, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.18 to 0.66; I-2 = 00.0%), and glutathione levels (SMD, 0.52; 95% CI, 0.19 to 0.86; I-2 = 37.0%). (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of 25-hydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub> on growth performance, fecal scores, vitamin D<sub>3</sub> metabolites, antioxidant status, and inflammatory and stress-related parameters in weaning calves; The objectives of this study were to evaluate the effects of milk replacers containing 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 [25(OH)D-3] and enriched with vitamin D3 on the growth performance, fecal scores, vitamin D-3 metabolites, biochemical blood parameters and antioxidant, inflammatory and stressrelated parameters of Holstein male calves. Thirty Holstein male calves (body weight = 41.4 +/- 2.79 kg) were randomly assigned to three groups for a 56-day experimental period. The control group received milk replacer containing 1.2 mg/kg vitamin D3, the VD group received milk replacer containing 13.2 mg/kg vitamin D-3, and the 25D group received milk replacer containing 300 mg/kg 25(OH)D-3 plus 1.2 mg/kg vitamin D-3 until weaning at day 54. On days 52, 57 and 59, which were defined as days -2, 3 and 5 postweaning, blood samples were collected to measure biochemical blood parameters and antioxidant, inflammatory and stressrelated indicators. Calves that received milk replacer containing 25(OH)D3 consumed more calf starter at one week postweaning (P < 0.01) than those in the control and VD groups. Calves in the VD and 25D groups had a significantly (P = 0.02) greater ADG than calves in control during the overall period. Calves in the VD and 25D groups had greater body weight and withers height on day 60 than calves in the control group. Calves fed 25(OH)D3 displayed lower fecal scores and incidence of fecal scores > 2 overall periods. Calves fed 25(OH)D3 had increased serum 25(OH)D-3 during the preweaning (P < 0.0001) and postweaning (P < 0.0001) periods. A treatment x time interaction (P < 0.0001) was detected for serum vitamin D-3 and 25(OH)D-3 in preweaning calves, however, there was no significant time effect on serum vitamin D-3 and 25(OH)D-3 during the weaning period. Abrupt weaning increased concentrations of total protein, glucose, cholesterol, tCa and tP. Calves fed 25(OH)D-3 had a higher tCa (P = 0.04) and tP (P = 0.02) concentrations than those fed other diets. Weaning challenge significantly decreased the CAT concentration and increased the MDA concentration, and calves fed 25(OH)D3 displayed higher GSH-Px and CAT and lower MDA concentrations during the weaning period. Weaning also significantly increased the cytokine contents, including IL-1 beta, IL-6 and TNF-alpha, and stress indicators, including cortisol and haptoglobin. Significantly lower cytokine (IL-6 and TNF-alpha) and stress indicator (cortisol and haptoglobin) contents were observed in calves fed 25(OH)D-3 than in those from the VD and control groups at 3 and 5 DPW, respectively. In conclusion, feeding milk replacer with 25(OH)D-3 had the potential to improve the growth performance, fecal scores, serum 25(OH)D-3, and tCa and tP concentrations of calves, and may reduce weaning stress by enhancing the antioxidant capacity and decreasing the proinflammatory and stress indicators of calves.
Effect of Probiotics on the Glucose Levels of Pregnant Women: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition, in which women develop high blood sugar levels during pregnancy without having diabetes. Evidence on the effects of probiotics on the blood glucose levels of women with GDM is inconsistent. Objective: The present study aimed to investigate the effects of probiotics on the blood glucose levels of pregnant women. Methods: Online databases, such as PubMed, Cochrane, and Excerpta Medica Database (EMBASE) were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published before July 2018. Trials had to meet the inclusion criteria of our study. Methodological quality and risk bias were independently assessed by two reviewers. Data were pooled using a random effects model and were expressed as the mean difference (MD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Heterogeneity was evaluated and quantified as I-2. Results: In total, 12 RCTs were included in this study. Studies have shown that the use of probiotics significantly reduced the fasting blood glucose (FBG) level (MD: -0.10 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.19, -0.02), insulin concentration (MD: -2.24 mu IU/mL; 95% CI: -3.69, -0.79), Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) score (MD: -0.47; 95% CI: -0.74, -0.21), and Homeostasis model of assessment-estimated beta cell function (HOMA-B) score (MD: -20.23; 95% CI: -31.98, -8.49) of pregnant women. In a subgroup analysis, whether the blood glucose-lowering effect of probiotics influenced the diagnosis of pregnant women with GDM was assessed. The results showed that probiotics had significantly reduced the fasting blood glucose (FBG) level (MD: -0.10 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.17, -0.04) and HOMA-IR score (MD: -0.37; 95% CI: - 0.72, -0.02) of pregnant women who were not diagnosed with GDM. Conclusion: Probiotics reduce the blood glucose level of pregnant women, especially without GDM diagnosis. However, further research using RCTs must be conducted to validate the results of the present study.
Cholesterol lowering effect of a soy drink enriched with plant sterols in a French population with moderate hypercholesterolemia; Background: Plant sterols are an established non-pharmacological means to reduce total and LDL blood cholesterol concentrations and are therefore recommended for cholesterol management by worldwide-renown health care institutions. Their efficacy has been proven in many types of foods with the majority of trials conducted in spreads or dairy products. As an alternative to dairy products, soy based foods are common throughout the world. Yet, there is little evidence supporting the efficacy of plant sterols in soy-based foods. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of a soy drink enriched with plant sterols on blood lipid profiles in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. Methods: In a randomized, placebo-controlled double-blind mono-centric study, 50 subjects were assigned to 200 ml of soy drink either enriched with 2.6 g plant sterol esters (1.6 g/d free plant sterol equivalents) or without plant sterols (control) for 8 weeks. Subjects were instructed to maintain stable diet pattern and physical activity. Plasma concentrations of lipids were measured at initial visit, after 4 weeks and after 8 weeks. The primary measurement was the change in LDL cholesterol (LDL-C). Secondary measurements were changes in total cholesterol (TC), non-HDL cholesterol (non-HDL-C), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides. Results: Regular consumption of the soy drink enriched with plant sterols for 8 weeks significantly reduced LDL- C by 0.29 mmol/l or 7% compared to baseline (p < 0.05). TC and non-HDL-C concentrations decreased by 0.26 mmol/l and 0.31 mmol/l (each p < 0.05), respectively. Mean reductions in total, LDL and non-HDL cholesterol were significantly greater than in the placebo group (p < 0.05). HDL-C and triglycerides were not affected. Compliance was very high (>96%), and products were well tolerated. Conclusion: Daily consumption of a plant sterol-enriched soy drink significantly decreased total, non-HDL and LDL cholesterol and is therefore an interesting and convenient aid in managing mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Is Butter Back? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Butter Consumption and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease, Diabetes, and Total Mortality; Background Dietary guidelines recommend avoiding foods high in saturated fat. Yet, emerging evidence suggests cardiometabolic benefits of dairy products and dairy fat. Evidence on the role of butter, with high saturated dairy fat content, for total mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes remains unclear. We aimed to systematically review and meta-analyze the association of butter consumption with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes in general populations. Methods and Findings We searched 9 databases from inception to May 2015 without restriction on setting, or language, using keywords related to butter consumption and cardiometabolic outcomes. Prospective cohorts or randomized clinical trials providing estimates of effects of butter intake on mortality, cardiovascular disease including coronary heart disease and stroke, or diabetes in adult populations were included. One investigator screened titles and abstracts; and two reviewed full-text articles independently in duplicate, and extracted study and participant characteristics, exposure and outcome definitions and assessment methods, analysis methods, and adjusted effects and associated uncertainty, all independently in duplicate. Study quality was evaluated by a modified Newcastle-Ottawa score. Random and fixed effects meta-analysis pooled findings, with heterogeneity assessed using the I-2 statistic and publication bias by Egger's test and visual inspection of funnel plots. We identified 9 publications including 15 country-specific cohorts, together reporting on 636,151 unique participants with 6.5 million person-years of follow-up and including 28,271 total deaths, 9,783 cases of incident cardiovascular disease, and 23,954 cases of incident diabetes. No RCTs were identified. Butter consumption was weakly associated with all-cause mortality (N = 9 country-specific cohorts; per 14g(1 tablespoon)/day: RR = 1.01, 95% CI = 1.00, 1.03, P = 0.045); was not significantly associated with any cardiovascular disease (N = 4; RR = 1.00, 95% CI = 0.98, 1.02; P = 0.704), coronary heart disease (N = 3; RR = 0.99, 95% CI = 0.96, 1.03; P = 0.537), or stroke (N = 3; RR = 1.01, 95% CI = 0.98, 1.03; P = 0.737), and was inversely associated with incidence of diabetes (N = 11; RR = 0.96, 95% CI = 0.93, 0.99; P = 0.021). We did not identify evidence for heterogeneity nor publication bias. Conclusions This systematic review and meta-analysis suggests relatively small or neutral overall associations of butter with mortality, CVD, and diabetes. These findings do not support a need for major emphasis in dietary guidelines on either increasing or decreasing butter consumption, in comparison to other better established dietary priorities; while also highlighting the need for additional investigation of health and metabolic effects of butter and dairy fat.
A whey protein supplement decreases post-prandial glycemia; Background: Incidence of diabetes, obesity and insulin resistance are associated with high glycemic load diets. Identifying food components that decrease post-prandial glycemia may be beneficial for developing low glycemic foods and supplements. This study explores the glycemic impact of adding escalating doses of a glycemic index lowering peptide fraction (GILP) from whey to a glucose drink. Methods: Ten healthy subjects (3M, 7F, 44.4 +/- 9.3 years, BMI 33.6 +/- 4.8 kg/m(2)) participated in an acute randomised controlled study. Zero, 5, 10 and 20 g of protein from GILP were added to a 50 g glucose drink. The control (0 g of GILP) meal was repeated 2 times. Capillary blood samples were taken fasting (0 min) and at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 minutes after the start of the meal and analyzed for blood glucose concentration. Results: Increasing doses of GILP decreased the incremental areas under the curve in a dose dependant manner (Pearson's r = 0.48, p = 0.002). The incremental areas (iAUC) under the glucose curve for the 0, 5, 10, and 20 g of protein from GILP were 231 +/- 23, 212 +/- 23, 196 +/- 23, and 138 +/- 13 mmol. min/L respectively. The iAUC of the 20 g GILP was significantly different from control, 5 g GILP and 10 g GILP (p < 0.001). Average reduction in the glucose iAUC was 4.6 +/- 1.4 mmol. min/L per gram of ingested GILP. Conclusion: Addition of GILP to a oral glucose bolus reduces blood glucose iAUC in a dose dependent manner and averages 4.6 +/- 1.4 mmol. min/L per gram of GILP. These data are consistent with previous research on the effect of protein on the glycemic response of a meal.
Association of higher saturated fat intake with higher risk of hypertension in an urban population of Trivandrum in South India; Saturated fat intake appears to be a risk factor of insulin resistance which is important in the pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aims to demonstrate whether saturated fat intake may be a risk factor of hypertension. Cross-sectional survey in six randomly selected streets in Trivandrum city in south India was conducted to study 1497 randomly selected subjects (737 males and 760 females) of 25-64 years of age. The prevalence of hypertension by Joint National Committee V criteria (>140/90) were 34.6% (n=255) in males and 30.7% (n=234) in females. The consumption of food groups showed that they were within desirable limits. However, the intake of fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts was lower and saturated fat intake higher (>10% kcal/day), although total fat intake was within desirable limits. Total and saturated fat intake, and the consumption of coconut oil and butter, flesh foods, milk and yogurt as well as sugar and jaggery were significantly associated with hypertension. Total visible fat (>20 g/day) intake was positively associated whereas fruit, vegetable, legume and coconut intake (<400 g/day) was inversely associated with hypertension. Salt intake (>8 g/day), smoking and illiteracy were not associated with hypertension. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that saturated fat intake, age and body mass index were independently and strongly associated with hypertension whereas fruits, vegetable, legume and coconuts, coconut oil and butter and alcohol (males) intakes were weakly associated with hypertension. The odds ratio indicate higher risk of hypertension due to higher intake of saturated fat in both sexes (men: odds ratio, 1.07, 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.09; women, 1.08, 1.06-1.12, P<0.01). Significant determinants df hypertension were higher saturated fat, particularly coconut oil, and lower fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts, particularly legumes and coconuts in the diet, apart from conventional risk factors. Copyright (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
A Palaeolithic diet improves glucose tolerance more than a Mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischaemic heart disease; Aims/hypothesis Most studies of diet in glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes have focused on intakes of fat, carbohydrate, fibre, fruits and vegetables. Instead, we aimed to compare diets that were available during human evolution with more recently introduced ones. Methods Twenty-nine patients with ischaemic heart disease plus either glucose intolerance or type 2 diabetes were randomised to receive (1) a Palaeolithic ('CyOld Stone Age') diet (n=14), based on lean meat, fish, fruits, vegetables, root vegetables, eggs and nuts; or (2) a Consensus (Mediterranean-like) diet (n=15), based on whole grains, low-fat dairy products, vegetables, fruits, fish, oils and margarines. Primary outcome variables were changes in weight, waist circumference and plasma glucose AUC (AUC Glucose(0-120)) and plasma insulin AUC (AUC Insulin(0-120)) in OGTTs. Results Over 12 weeks, there was a 26% decrease of AUC Glucose(0-120) (p=0.0001) in the Palaeolithic group and a 7% decrease (p=0.08) in the Consensus group. The larger (p=0.001) improvement in the Palaeolithic group was independent (p=0.0008) of change in waist circumference (-5.6 cm in the Palaeolithic group, -2.9 cm in the Consensus group; p=0.03). In the study population as a whole, there was no relationship between change in AUC Glucose(0-120) and changes in weight (r=-0.06, p=0.9) or waist circumference (r=0.01, p=1.0). There was a tendency for a larger decrease of AUC Insulin(0-120) in the Palaeolithic group, but because of the strong association between change in AUC Insulin(0-120) and change in waist circumference (r=0.64, p=0.0003), this did not remain after multivariate analysis. Conclusions/interpretationA Palaeolithic diet may improve glucose tolerance independently of decreased waist circumference.
Effect of Probiotics on Glycemic Control: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized, Controlled Trials; Background Previous clinical trials indicate that probiotic consumption may improve blood glucose control, however, results from randomized trials on glycemic control have been inconsistent. Objective To investigate the effects of probiotics on glycemic control in a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. Data Sources PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and Clinicaltrial.gov through October 2014. Data Extraction and Synthesis Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data and assessed study quality and risk of bias. Data were pooled using a random-effects model and expressed as mean differences (MD) with 95% CI. Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q-statistic) and quantified (I-2). Results Seventeen randomized controlled trials were included, in which 17 fasting blood glucose (n = 1105), 11 fasting plasma insulin (n = 788), 8 homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (n = 635) comparisons were reported. Probiotic consumption, compared with placebo, significantly reduced fasting glucose (MD = -0.31 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.56, 0.06; p = 0.02), fasting plasma insulin (MD = -1.29 mu U/mL; 95% CI -2.17, -0.41; p = 0.004), and HOMA-IR (MD = 0.48; 95% CI -0.83, -0.13; p = 0.007). Conclusions Probiotic consumption may improve glycemic control modestly. Modification of gut microbiota by probiotic supplementation may be a method for preventing and control hyperglycemia in clinical practice.
A Pilot Study of the Effect of Evening Almond Butter Consumption on Overnight and Fasting Interstitial Glucose; Approximately 40% of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) experience an early-morning rise in fasting glucose that is not effectively treated by available oral hypoglycemic agents. This study aimed to determine the acute effect of consuming almond butter as an evening snack on fasting and overnight interstitial glucose, compared to a no-snack control, in people with T2D. Adults with T2D, not taking insulin, were recruited to participate in this two-week randomized, controlled, crossover pilot study. Participants received 2 tbsp of natural almond butter as an evening snack, or a no-snack control, for one week each. Glucose was measured by continuous glucose monitor (CGM). Analyses were performed using linear mixed effect modeling in R. Ten adults (60% female; age: 57 +/- 5.6 years) completed the study. The intervention did not significantly influence fasting glucose [4-6 a.m.; beta = 5.5, 95% CI = [-0.9, 12.0], p = 0.091; Marginal R2 = 0.001, Conditional R2 = 0.954] or overnight glucose (12-3 a.m.; beta = 5.5, 95% CI = [-0.8, 11.8], p = 0.089; Marginal R2 = 0.001, Conditional R2 = 0.958). Significant variability in continuously measured glucose was observed. These findings will inform the design of a larger investigation.
GLUCOSE AND INSULIN RESPONSES TO MEALS CONTAINING MILK, LACTOSE, GLUCOSE OR FRUCTOSE IN SUBJECTS WITH NON-INSULIN-DEPENDENT DIABETES; The postprandial blood glucose and serum insulin responses to liquid test meals containing 40 g carbohydrate from milk, lactose, glucose or fructose and equal amounts of energy were compared in 10 non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetic patients. The meals were consumed in random order on consecutive days after an overnight fast. Significant differences (p < 0.001, ANOVA) were observed between the glucose and insulin responses to the meals. The glucose response was significantly higher after  the glucose response was significanlty higher after the glucose containing meal and lower after the fructose meal as compared with the other meals. The insulin response was significantly higher after the lactose and glucose meals than after the milk and fructose meals. After the milk and lactose meals the blood gluose responses were similar whereas the insulin response was significantly lower after the milk meal. As lactose apparently was similarly absorbed from the two meals the difference in the insulin response was probably due to different insulinogenic effects of the protein components or to differences in the physical properties of the respective meals.
Antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic and wound healing of <i>Boswellia serrata</i> on experimentally induced diabetic rats; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder with complications such as metabolic syndrome and delayed wound healing. In this experimental study, 36 male Wistar rats were randomly divided into three groups: control, diabetic, and diabetic-extract-treated. Twenty four h after the wound was created in the diabetic group treated with topical B. serrata cream 2.5%, and the rats also received aqueous B. serrata extract (400 mg/kg) by oral gavage daily for 3 weeks. Diabetes was induced in the rats by subcutaneous injection of alloxan monohydrate (120 mg/kg). After anesthesia, the full-thickness of the dorsal skin (25 mm x 25 mm) was removed. On days 4, 7, 14, and 21, and wound specimens were collected to evaluate histopathological wound healing. After the treatments, blood samples were collected to measure biochemical factors. Consumption of B. serrata extracts in the diabetic group significantly decreased glucose, liver enzymes, kidney indicators and lipid profile compared to the diabetic control group (P<0.05). Histopathologic studies showed that the rate of epithelial tissue and collagen fibers formation, as well as wound healing, was higher in the group treated with B. serrata than diabetic groups. Hence, it might be useful in diabetic patients, especially the ones with diabetic wounds.
Total Lactic Acid Bacteria (LAB), Antioxidant Activity, and Acceptance of Synbiotic Yoghurt with Binahong Leaf Extract (<i>Anredera cordifolia</i> (Ten.) Steenis); Alternative treatment for metabolic syndrome can be done by providing a diet consist of functional foods or beverages. Synbiotic yoghurt containing binahong leaf extract which high in antioxidant, total LAB and fiber can be selected to reduce the risk of metabolic syndrome. The effect of binahong leaf extract in synbiotic yoghurt against total LAB, antioxidant activity, and acceptance were analyzed. The experiment was done with complete randomized design with addition of binahong leaf extract 0% (control); 0.12%; 0.25%; 0.5% in synbiotic yoghurt. Analysis of total LAB using Total Plate Count test, antioxidant activity using DPPH, and acceptance were analyzed by hedonic test. The addition of binahong leaf extract in various doses in synbiotic yoghurt decreased total LAB without significant effect (p=0,145). There was no effect of addition binahong leaf extract on antioxidant activity (p=0,297). The addition of binahong leaf extract had an effect on color, but not on aroma, texture and taste. The best result was yoghurt synbiotic with addition of 0,12% binahong leaf extract. Conclusion of the research was the addition of binahong leaf extract to synbiotic yogurt did not significantly affect total LAB, antioxidant activity, aroma, texture and taste; but had a significant effect on color.
Dietary Supplementation with Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Oleate Enhances Exercise Training Effects in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome; Objective: We studied the effects of exercise training alone or combined with dietary supplementation of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega-3PUFA) and oleate on metabolic syndrome (MSyn) components and other markers of cardiometabolic health. Methods: Thirty-six patients with MSyn underwent 24 weeks of high-intensity interval training. In a double-blind randomized design, half of the group ingested 500 mL/day of semi-skim milk (8 g of fat; placebo milk) whereas the other half ingested 500 mL/day of skim milk enriched with 275 mg of Omega-3PUFA and 7.5 g of oleate (Omega-3+OLE). Results: Omega-3+OLE treatment elevated 30% plasma Omega-3PUFA but not significantly (P = 0.286). Improvements in VO2peak (12.8%), mean blood pressure (-7.1%), waist circumference (-1.8%), body fat mass (-2.9%), and trunk fat mass (-3.3%) were similar between groups. However, insulin sensitivity (measured by intravenous glucose tolerance test), serum concentration of C-reactive protein, and high-density lipoprotein improved only in the Omega-3+OLE group by 31.5%, 32.1%, and 10.3%, respectively (all P < 0.05). Fasting serum triacylglycerol, glucose, and plasma fibrinogen concentrations did not improve in either group after 24 weeks of intervention. Conclusions: Diet supplementation with Omega-3PUFA and oleate enhanced cardiometabolic benefits of intense aerobic exercise training in patients with MSyn.
A pilot study to determine the short-term effects of milk with differing glycaemic properties on sleep among toddlers: a randomised controlled trial; Background: Sleep is important for children as it directly impacts their mental and physical development. Sleep is not only influenced by the timing but also the macronutrient (carbohydrate and protein) content of meals. Glycaemic index (GI) and glycaemic load (GL) describe the quality of carbohydrates in a food and the burden of these foods on the body's blood glucose response. Diets with a high GI/GL may increase the risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The present study is piloted to evaluate the short-term impact of milk products with differing glycaemic properties on the sleep patterns of toddlers. Methods: Toddlers were recruited from various day care centres. Informed consent was obtained from both the mothers and the centres. A double-blind randomised controlled trial with a between-subjects design was adopted. The toddlers were randomised to either one of two types of milk with a differing GI ("Low" = 23 and "High = 65") for a period of 3.5 days. There were no other dietary restrictions imposed except that the enrolled child did not consume any other milk during the study period. The sleep patterns were recorded using a Phillips Actiwatch-2, which was worn on the wrist for 24 h over 4 days. The parameters used to measure the sleep pattern were sleep-onset latency (SOL), total sleep time (TST), wake after sleep onset (WASO) and sleep efficiency (SE). Results: A total of 56 toddlers completed the study. The toddlers had a mean age of 19.9 +/- 4.3 months. There were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the two GI groups for SOL, TST, WASO and SE at the end of the feeding period. Conclusions: Sleep patterns of toddlers on low-GI milk did not differ from those with high-GI milk consumed over a short period. Future studies should consider the glycaemic effects of other foods, along with milk with differing GI, consumed for a longer feeding duration.
DOES A DIET HIGH IN CORN-OIL LOWER LDL CHOLESTEROL LEVELS IN WOMEN VIA AN EFFECT ON LDL RECEPTOR ACTIVITY; To determine if a high intake of corn oil alters LDL receptor activity, a model emphasizing freshly isolated mononuclear cells (MNC) was used with 12 women consuming 40 energy% fat diets based on corn oil or butter in a randomized crossover design. Each phase included 1 week of a prescribed but selfselected high saturated fat (SFA) diet at home followed by 4 weeks of a designated fat-based diet consumed in a metabolic kitchen. There was a 7-week washout period between phases. LDL degradation through and binding to LDL receptors were 63 and 100% higher, respectively, on the corn oil diet than the butter diet (P < 0.05). Changes in LDL receptor activity and serum LDL cholesterol concentration were moderately associated (r = -0.4 to -0.6). Compared with the butter group, total unsaturated and saturated fatty acid contents of MNC were 166% higher and 150% lower, respectively, in the corn oil group. Changes in saturated and unsaturated fatty acids and receptor-mediated LDL degradation were associated (r = -0.6 and 0.6, respectively). These findings suggest that the change in fatty acid composition in MNC may enhance the LDL receptor-mediated pathway. Receptor-mediated LDL degradation may account for only part of the effect of corn oil on serum LDL cholesterol concentrations in healthy women.
Fermented Food and Non-Communicable Chronic Diseases: A Review; Fermented foods represent a significant fraction of human diets. Although their impact on health is positively perceived, an objective evaluation is still missing. We have, therefore, reviewed meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCT) investigating the relationship between fermented foods and non-transmissible chronic diseases. Overall, after summarizing 25 prospective studies on dairy products, the association of fermented dairy with cancer was found to be neutral, whereas it was weakly beneficial, though inconsistent, for specific aspects of cardio-metabolic health, in particular stroke and cheese intake. The strongest evidence for a beneficial effect was for yoghurt on risk factors of type 2 diabetes. Although mechanisms explaining this association have not been validated, an increased bioavailability of insulinotropic amino acids and peptides as well as the bacterial biosynthesis of vitamins, in particular vitamin K2, might contribute to this beneficial effect. However, the heterogeneity in the design of the studies and the investigated foods impedes a definitive assessment of these associations. The literature on fermented plants is characterized by a wealth of in vitro data, whose positive results are not corroborated in humans due to the absence of RCTs. Finally, none of the RCTs were specifically designed to address the impact of food fermentation on health. This question should be addressed in future human studies.
Dairy consumption and metabolic syndrome: a systematic review of findings and methodological issues; P>A growing body of observational research suggests that dairy consumption may have a beneficial effect on the metabolic syndrome (MetS). MetS is a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors within an individual that carries with it an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease. A systematic search of electronic databases identified cross-sectional studies (n = 10) and prospective cohort studies (n = 3) that assessed dairy intake in relation to MetS. The quality of the included studies was assessed based on study methodology, measurement and reporting of dietary intake, use of standardized MetS diagnostic criteria and statistical analysis. Dairy intake was inversely associated with incidence or prevalence of MetS in seven out of 13 studies. Three studies found no association between dairy and MetS. Three studies reported mixed relationships between specific dairy foods and MetS. The majority of studies suggested a potential benefit of dairy consumption on the risk of having MetS, but methodological differences, potential biases and other limitations in the studies conducted prevent conclusions to be drawn. Future randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm the effect of dairy consumption on MetS.
Microbial Communities in Home-Made and Commercial <i>Kefir</i> and Their Hypoglycemic Properties; Kefir is a popular traditional fermented dairy product in many countries. It has a complex and symbiotic culture made up of species of the genera Leuconostoc, Lactococcus, and Acetobacter, as well as Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens and Lentilactobacillus kefiri. Though kefir has been commercialized in some countries, people are still traditionally preparing kefir at the household level. Kefir is known to have many nutritious values, where its consistent microbiota has been identified as the main valuable components of the product. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common diet-related disease and has been one of the main concerns in the world's growing population. Kefir has been shown to have promising activities in T2DM, mostly via hypoglycemic properties. This review aims to explain the microbial composition of commercial and home-made kefir and its possible effects on T2DM. Some studies on animal models and human clinical trials have been reviewed to validate the hypoglycemic properties of kefir. Based on animal and human studies, it has been shown that consumption of kefir reduces blood glucose, improves insulin signaling, controls oxidative stress, and decreases progression of diabetic nephropathy. Moreover, probiotic bacteria such as lactic-acid bacteria and Bifidobacterium spp. and their end-metabolites in turn directly or indirectly help in controlling many gut disorders, which are also the main biomarkers in the T2DM condition and its possible treatment.
Milk Intake and Its Association with Metabolic Syndrome in Korean: Analysis of the Third Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES III); Although previous studies have shown that milk intake has some protective effects on metabolic syndrome (MS), there are few data on the relation between MS and milk consumption in Korean. To evaluate the association between milk intake frequency and MS, 4,890 subjects (2,052 men and 2,838 women) were included in the analysis, based on the national data from representative random sample of the third Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES III) in 2005. We conducted both univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis with adjustment for confounding factors associated with MS. Mean (+/- SD) age of subjects was 47.1 +/- 15.5 yr. In univariate analysis, the risk of MS was inversely associated with the frequency of milk intake, but this relation was attenuated in multivariate regression. In the individuals with BMI >= 23 kg/m(2), those with highest quartile of milk consumption (once daily or more) had significantly lower risk of MS (OR [95% CI] 0.72 [0.57-0.92] compared with lowest quartile [those rarely consumed]) after adjustment, but not among leaner individuals (BMI <23 kg/m(2)). Korean overweight adults who drink milk more frequently may be protected against MS. But it seems that this relation is somewhat different among MS components.
Impact of a High Intake of Dairy Product on Insulin Sensitivity in Hyperinsulinemic Adults: A Crossover Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Dairy product intake has been associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in cohort studies. However, results from clinical trials on T2D-related risk factors remain inconclusive. Objective: The aim of this clinical trial was to evaluate the impact of high dairy product intake (HD) (>= 4 servings/d) for 6 wk, compared with an adequate dairy product intake (AD) (<= 2 servings/d), on glycemic and insulinemic parameters, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and beta-cell function in hyperinsulinemic adults. Methods: In this crossover clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomly assigned to HD or AD for 6 wk, then crossed over after a 6-wk washout period. Serum glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-IR, Matsuda index, insulinogenic index, and disposition index were measured and analyzed using a repeated-measures mixed model adjusted for age, sex, and BMI. Anthropometric measures were collected and food intake was evaluated using a validated FFQ. Results: Nineteen men and 8 women completed the study (mean +/- SD age: 55 +/- 14 y; BMI: 31.3 +/- 3.3 kg/m(2). Dairy product intake was 5.8 servings/d in the HD condition and 2.3 servings/d in the AD condition after 6 wk. No difference was observed between HD and AD after 6 wk for all outcomes. Conclusions: HD does not affect glycemic and insulinemic parameters, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and beta-cell function over AD in hyperinsulinemic adults. Additional larger and longer studies assessing T2D-related risk factors are required. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02961179.
DASH Dietary Pattern and Cardiometabolic Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern, which emphasizes fruit, vegetables, fat-free/low-fat dairy, whole grains, nuts and legumes, and limits saturated fat, cholesterol, red and processed meats, sweets, added sugars, salt and sugar-sweetened beverages, is widely recommended by international diabetes and heart association guidelines. Objective: To summarize the available evidence for the update of the European Association of the Study of Diabetes (EASD) guidelines, we conducted an umbrella review of existing systematic reviews and meta-analyses using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach of the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiovascular disease and other cardiometabolic outcomes in prospective cohort studies and its effect on blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials in individuals with and without diabetes. Methods: MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched through 3 January 2019. We included systematic reviews and meta-analyses assessing the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiometabolic disease outcomes in prospective cohort studies and the effect on cardiometabolic risk factors in randomized and non-randomized controlled trials. Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data and assessed the risk of bias of individual studies. The primary outcome was incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the prospective cohort studies and systolic blood pressure in the controlled trials. Secondary outcomes included incident coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes in prospective cohort studies and other established cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials. If the search did not identify an existing systematic review and meta-analysis on a pre-specified outcome, then we conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis. The evidence was summarized as risk ratios (RR) for disease incidence outcomes and mean differences (MDs) for risk factor outcomes with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs). The certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Results: We identified three systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 15 unique prospective cohort studies (n = 942,140) and four systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 31 unique controlled trials (n = 4,414) across outcomes. We conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis of 2 controlled trials (n = 65) for HbA1c. The DASH dietary pattern was associated with decreased incident cardiovascular disease (RR, 0.80 (0.76-0.85)), coronary heart disease (0.79 (0.71-0.88)), stroke (0.81 (0.72-0.92)), and diabetes (0.82 (0.74-0.92)) in prospective cohort studies and decreased systolic (MD, -5.2 mmHg (95% CI, -7.0 to -3.4)) and diastolic (-2.60 mmHg (-3.50 to -1.70)) blood pressure, Total-C (-0.20 mmol/L (-0.31 to -0.10)), LDL-C (-0.10 mmol/L (-0.20 to -0.01)), HbA1c (-0.53% (-0.62, -0.43)), fasting blood insulin (-0.15 U/mL (-0.22 to -0.08)), and body weight (-1.42 kg (-2.03 to -0.82)) in controlled trials. There was no effect on HDL-C, triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, HOMA-IR, or CRP. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for SBP and low for CVD incidence and ranged from very low to moderate for the secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Current evidence allows for the conclusion that the DASH dietary pattern is associated with decreased incidence of cardiovascular disease and improves blood pressure with evidence of other cardiometabolic advantages in people with and without diabetes. More research is needed to improve the certainty of the estimates.
Glucose, insulin, and cortisol concentrations and glucose tolerance test in Holstein cows with inactive ovaries; A total of 60 healthy (the control group) and 30 anestrous Holstein cows with inactive ovaries (the case group) from three dairy farms around Tehran were randomly selected and diagnosed to determine the concentrations of glucose, insulin, and cortisol, and the rate of the insulin resistance disorder in them. Primarily, serum samples were obtained from all animals, and the concentrations of glucose, insulin, and cortisol were measured in a laboratory. Thereupon, the glucose tolerance test (GTT) was implemented. Before the implementation of the GTT, the median of serum glucose levels (62 mg/dl), insulin (7.16 mu IU/ml), and cortisol (2.5 mu g/dl) was estimated in healthy cows. The median of serum glucose levels (68.5 mg/dl, p=0.00009) was higher, and serum insulin (6.1 mu IU/ml, p=0.025) and cortisol (1.1 mu g/dl, p=0.00029) levels were lesser in the anestrous cows when estimated simultaneously. After the implementation of GTT, the median of serum glucose concentrations in one (120 mg/dl), two (73.5 mg/dl), and three (63.5 mg/dl) hours after the glucose injection was estimated in healthy cows. The findings also showed that the median of serum glucose levels was lesser in one (100 mg/dl, p=0.015), similar in two (77.5 mg/dl, p=0.9), and higher in three (70 mg/dl, p=0.012) hours after the glucose injection in anestrous cows. In conclusion, higher serum glucose, lesser insulin and cortisol concentrations, and the different correlation between serum glucose and insulin levels before the GTT were detected in anestrous cows. The pattern of glucose changes also differed in anestrous cows after the GTT.
Metabolic syndrome and selenium during gestation and lactation; Selenium (Se) has a dual role in metabolic syndrome (MS) development as it has an antioxidant action against both "good" and "bad" reactive oxygen species. This study evaluates Se body profile in dams which present MS during gestation and lactation, in order to elucidate a normal dietary Se's implication in this pathology. Rats were randomized into control (C) and fructose (F) groups. The rich fructose diet (65 %) during gestation and lactation periods induced MS in dams. Se body distribution was determined by atomic absorption spectrophotometry, and the hepatic activity of the four antioxidant enzymes and the bimolecular oxidation were determined by spectrophotometry. The cardiac activity was monitored using the indirect tail occlusion method. Lipid and glucidic profile was also analyzed. Despite the fact that the diet supplied has 0.1 ppm of Se, the minimal dietary requirement for rats, F dams ate less amount of food, and therefore, they had lower Se retention. However, they had normal levels of Se in serum and milk. Dams with MS had Se depletion in heart and muscle joint to hypertension and a lower heart rate, and Se repletion in liver and kidney. Despite the increase in hepatic glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and catalase activity found, lipid oxidation occurred-probably because superoxide dismutase activity was diminished. In heart, the activity and expression of the selenoprotein GPx1 were decreased. With these results, it is not possible to elucidate whether a dietary Se supplementation or a Se-restricted diet are good for MS; because despite the fact that GPx activity is increased in liver, it is also found, for the first time, that heart Se deposits are significantly decreased during MS.
SUCROSE TAKEN DURING MIXED MEAL HAS NO ADDITIONAL HYPERGLYCEMIC ACTION OVER ISOCALORIC AMOUNTS OF STARCH IN WELL-CONTROLLED DIABETICS; The hyperglycemic effect of 20 g sucrose taken at the end of a regular mixed meal by diabetic patients was measured in 6 adult-type 1 diabetics, C-peptide negative, controlled by the artifical pancreas and 12 adult type 2 diabetics, with fasting plasma glucose levels < 7 .cntdot. 2 mmol/l (130 mg/100 ml) and post-prandial plasma glucose levels < 10 .cntdot. 0 mmol/l (180 mg/100 ml), treated by diet alone or with glibenclamide and/or metformin. All the patients were given on consecutive days, in random  order, 2 mixed meals of grilled meat, green beans and cheese, as well as a cake made either of rice, skimmed milk and saccharin (meal A) or rice, skimmed milk and 20 g sucrose (meal B). The meals contained equal amounts of calories and of carbohydrate. There was no difference between the meals in plasma glucose curves and plasma insulin or insulin infusion rate variations whether in peak values, peaking times, or areas under the curves, in either group of patients. Sparing use of sucrose taken  during mixed meals might help well-controlled diabetic patients to comply with their daily dietary prescription while maintaining good blood glucose control.
Dietary fat and fatty foods in the prevention of non-communicable diseases: A review of the evidence; Background: Reducing the intake of total fat, saturated fatty acids (SFA) and dietary cholesterol was a cornerstone of dietary guidance in past decades. This emphasis shifted recently from lowering the intake of total fat to focusing on the quality of dietary fat intake, the avoidance of industrial trans-fatty acids (TFA), and the sub-stitution of SFA with unsaturated fatty acids. There is also a trend towards investigating diet-disease associations of fatty foods rather than nutrients. Scope and approach: We aimed to summarize comprehensively the currently available evidence for total dietary fat, fat quality, and fatty foods such as butter, vegetable oils, nuts and seeds on risk of non-communicable dis-eases including cardiovascular disease (and its risk factors), cancer, type 2 diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases. Key findings and conclusions: The findings from systematic reviews of prospective observational studies, which often compared extreme intake categories, found mainly no association of total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and SFA with risk of non-communicable diseases. Systematic re-views of randomized controlled trials indicate that SFA and/or TFA substitution with MUFA and/or PUFA im-proves blood lipids and markers of glycemic control (observed only for SFA replacement), with the effect of PUFA being more pronounced. A higher intake of total TFA was associated increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In line with current dietary guidelines, the available published evidence deems it reasonable to recommend replacement of SFA with MUFA and PUFA and avoidance of consumption of industrial TFA.
Silybin combined with phosphatidylcholine and vitamin E in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: A randomized controlled trial; The only currently recommended treatment for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is lifestyle modification. Preliminary studies of silybin showed beneficial effects on liver function. Realsil (RA) comprises the silybin phytosome complex (silybin plus phosphatidylcholine) coformulated with vitamin E. We report on a multicenter, phase III, double-blind clinical trial to assess RA in patients with histologically documented NAFLD. Patients were randomized 1:1 to RA or placebo (P) orally twice daily for 12 months. Prespecified primary outcomes were improvement over time in clinical condition, normalization of liver enzyme plasma levels, and improvement of ultrasonographic liver steatosis, homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), and quality of life. Secondary outcomes were improvement in liver histologic score and/or decrease in NAFLD score without worsening of fibrosis and plasma changes in cytokines, ferritin, and liver fibrosis markers. We treated 179 patients with NAFLD; 36 were also HCV positive. Forty-one patients were prematurely withdrawn and 138 patients analyzed per protocol (69 per group). Baseline patient characteristics were generally well balanced between groups, except for steatosis, portal infiltration, and fibrosis. Adverse events (AEs) were generally transient and included diarrhea, dysgeusia, and pruritus; no serious AEs were recorded. Patients receiving RA but not P showed significant improvements in liver enzyme plasma levels, HOMA, and liver histology. Body mass index normalized in 15% of RA patients (2.1% with P). HCV-positive patients in the RA but not the P group showed improvements in fibrogenesis markers. This is the first study to systematically assess silybin in NAFLD patients. Treatment with RA but not P for 12 months was associated with improvement in liver enzymes, insulin resistance, and liver histology, without increases in body weight. These findings warrant further investigation. (c) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of prepartum supplementation with niacin, choline and cod liver oil on postpartum insulin sensitivity and the redox status in cows with subclinical ketosis; There have been limited field trials exploring the potential ameliorative effect of B-complex vitamin or antioxidant therapy in cows with prolonged insulin resistance (IR). The purpose of this study was to explore the effect of prepartum supplementation of niacin, choline and cod liver oil on metabolic status, indices of insulin sensitivity (IS) as well as markers of oxidative stress in cows with subclinical ketosis (SCK). For this purpose, 24 apparently healthy cows at similar to 3 weeks before the expected time of calving were studied. Based on their serum concentration of non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), the studied cows were classified as having SCK (n = 20) or normal (n = 4). The diseased cows were then randomly allocated into four equal-sized groups and received the following feed supplements for subsequent 6 weeks: rumen-protected niacin, (RPN - group; n = 5); rumen-protected choline (RPC - group; n = 5); and cod liver oil (CLO-group; n = 5); or remained without treatment (SCK-group; n = 5). Serum samples were collected from all animals (n = 24) in two occasions i. e. before and after treatment to quantify concentrations ofBHBA, NEFA, glucose, insulin, cortisol, and triglyceride, malondialdehyde and superoxide dismutase. Indices of IS were also calculated. The findings of this study suggest benefits of prepartum supplementation to cattle with SCK, particularly RPC which demonstrated great effect on BHBA, triglyceride, and very low-density lipoprotein; but it showed a minimal effect on IS. On the other side, RPN and CLO exhibited a marked effect on serum cortisol and potentiated IS with minimal effect on BHBA. All dietary supplements had nearly equal effect on NEFA, glucose, insulin, and markers of oxidative stress. The information provided in this study could support the advancement of the future investigations in animal welfare and production.
Emulsifying dietary fat modulates postprandial endotoxemia associated with chylomicronemia in obese men: a pilot randomized crossover study; Background: Postprandial hyperlipemia is recognized as a major cardio-metabolic risk factor, recently linked to the co-absorption of pro-inflammatory lipopolysaccharides with dietary lipids. This causes endotoxemia that is involved in the pathophysiology of obesity and insulin resistance, but to date the impact of food formulation is unknown. We tested a novel concept that endotoxin absorption can be modulated by fat emulsified structure in the meal, and potentially differently in obese vs. lean men. Methods: In a randomized controlled crossover study, eight normal-weight and eight obese age-matched healthy men ingested two isocaloric, isolipidic breakfasts of identical composition including 40 g of milk fat that was emulsified or unemulsified. Plasma-and chylomicron-endotoxemia and chylomicron-triglycerideswere measured during 8 h after breakfast ingestion. Results: After emulsion consumption, parallel to an enhanced chylomicronemia, obese subjects presented an early and sharp increase in chylomicron-endotoxemia at 60 min (P-time = 0.02), which was higher than (i) after spread fat in obese subjects (P < 0.05) and (ii) after both spread and emulsified fat in normal-weight subjects (P < 0.05). However in obese subjects, the iAUC of plasma endotoxemia over 8 h was lower after emulsion than after spread fat (P < 0.05) whereas in NW subjects such reduction of plasma LPS-iAUC was not observed (P = 0.67). Conclusion: This study provides initial evidence that optimizing fat structure in the meal can be part of a dietary strategy to lower the metabolic impact of postprandial endotoxemia in obese men.
<i>Plectranthus amboinicus</i> and <i>Centella asiatica</i> Cream for the Treatment of Diabetic Foot Ulcers; Effects of a topical cream containing P. amboinicus (Lour.) Spreng. (Lamiaceae) and C. asiatica (L.) Urban (Umbelliferae) were evaluated and compared to effects of hydrocolloid fiber wound dressing for diabetic foot ulcers. A single-center, randomized, controlled, open-label study was conducted. Twenty-four type 1 or type 2 diabetes patients aged 20 years or older with Wagner grade 3 foot ulcers postsurgical debridement were enrolled between October 2008 and December 2009. Twelve randomly assigned patients were treated with WH-1 cream containing P. amboinicus and C. asiatica twice daily for two weeks. Another 12 patients were treated with hydrocolloid fiber dressings changed at 7 days or when clinically indicated. Wound condition and safety were assessed at days 7 and 14 and results were compared between groups. No statistically significant differences were seen in percent changes in wound size at 7- and 14-day assessments of WH-1 cream and hydrocolloid dressing groups. A slightly higher proportion of patients in the WH-1 cream group (10 of 12; 90.9%) showed Wagner grade improvement compared to the hydrocolloid fiber dressing group but without statistical significance. For treating diabetic foot ulcers, P. amboinicus and C. asiatica cream is a safe alternative to hydrocolloid fiber dressing without significant difference in effectiveness.
Dairy Consumption Lowers Systemic Inflammation and Liver Enzymes in Typically Low-Dairy Consumers with Clinical Characteristics of Metabolic Syndrome; Objectives: A 6-week cross-over study design was used to determine the effect of increased dairy consumption in typically low-dairy consumers (n = 37) with metabolic syndrome (MetS) on systemic inflammation and hepatic enzymes. Methods: This was a randomized study in which participants consumed low-fat dairy (LFD) (10 oz 1% milk, 6 oz nonfat yogurt, 4 oz 2% cheese) or a carbohydrate-based control (CNT) (1.5 oz granola bar and 12 oz 100% juice) for 6 weeks. After a 4-week washout, they were allocated to the alternate dietary treatment. Inflammatory status was assessed by fasting plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), and monocyte chemoattractant -1 (MCP-1). In addition, gene expression of interleukin (IL)-1, IL-6, and TNF-alpha was evaluated in peripheral blood mononuclear cells isolated from a subset of 17 subjects (13 women, 3 men) at the end of each dietary period. Liver enzymes were also assessed to evaluate whether dairy components would affect hepatic function. Results: Participants had lower concentrations of both hepatic alanine aminotransferase (p < 0.05) and aspartate aminotransferase (p < 0.005) after the LFD period. No significant changes in any of the plasma inflammatory compounds were found when all data were analyzed together. In contrast, expression of IL-1b and IL-6 were reduced by 46% and 63%, respectively, compared to the control period. When stratified by gender, women had lower TNF-alpha, (p = 0.028) and MCP-1 (p = 0.001) following LFD consumption compared to CNT. In addition, hepatic steatosis index scores were significantly lower (p < 0.001) during the LFD period. Conclusions: We conclude that three dairy servings per day improved both liver function and systemic inflammation in subjects with MetS.
Comprehensive Review of the Impact of Dairy Foods and Dairy Fat on Cardiometabolic Risk; Because regular-fat dairy products are a major source of cholesterol-raising saturated fatty acids (SFAs), current US and Canadian dietary guidelines for cardiovascular health recommend the consumption of low-fat dairy products. Yet, numerous randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have reported rather mixed effects of reduced-and regular-fat dairy consumption on blood lipid concentrations and on many other cardiometabolic disease risk factors, such as blood pressure and inflammation markers. Thus, the focus on low-fat dairy in current dietary guidelines is being challenged, creating confusion within health professional circles and the public. This narrative review provides perspective on the research pertaining to the impact of dairy consumption and dairy fat on traditional and emerging cardiometabolic disease risk factors. This comprehensive assessment of evidence from RCTs suggests that there is no apparent risk of potential harmful effects of dairy consumption, irrespective of the content of dairy fat, on a large array of cardiometabolic variables, including lipid-related risk factors, blood pressure, inflammation, insulin resistance, and vascular function. This suggests that the purported detrimental effects of SFAs on cardiometabolic health may in fact be nullified when they are consumed as part of complex food matrices such as those in cheese and other dairy foods. Thus, the focus on low-fat dairy products in current guidelines apparently is not entirely supported by the existing literature and may need to be revisited on the basis of this evidence. Future studies addressing key research gaps in this area will be extremely informative to better appreciate the impact of dairy food matrices, as well as dairy fat specifically, on cardiometabolic health.
Skim milk as a recovery beverage after exercise is superior to a sports drink for reducing next-day postprandial blood glucose and increasing postprandial fat oxidation; Wedetermined the effect of consuming low-glycemic index (LGI) skimmilk compared to a high-glycemic index (HGI) sports drink following evening exercise on fat oxidation and blood lipids after a subsequent high-energy breakfast. We hypothesized that postexercise skim milk consumption, compared to sports drink, would increase fat oxidation and lower harmful blood lipid and glucose concentrations after a next-day high-energy breakfast. In this randomized counterbalanced crossover trial, 20 overweight-obese participants (bodymass index = 25 kg/m(2)) underwent 4 conditions: 90-minute exercise (50% VO2peak) followed by sports drink (EX-HGI), exercise followed by isoenergetic skimmilk (EX-LGI), exercise followed bywater (Exercise), and a control condition (Control). The amount of the sports drink or milk consumed postexercise was based on the energy used during exercise plus 10%. Blood lipids, glucose, and fat oxidation were assessed before and for 6 hours after a high-energy breakfast the next morning. Fat oxidation was highest for EX-LGI (6.7 +/- 2.7 g/h) and lowest for EX-HGI (6.0 +/- 1.8 g/h) (conditionmain effect; P =.042). Triglyceride concentration and total area under the curve were higher with EX-HGI than Exercise (1.7 +/- 1.6 vs 1.3 +/- 1.0 mmol/L, P =.037, and 11.7 +/- 9.4 vs 8.6 +/- 6.0 mmol L-1 h, P =.005, respectively). Glucose concentration was lower with EX-LGI than EX-HGI (4.1 +/- 1.1 vs 4.4 +/- 1.1 mmol/L, P =.027). Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance was higher with EXHGI than Control (2.32 +/- 1.15 vs 1.86 +/- 0.97, P =.005). In conclusion, evening postexercise skim milk consumption, compared with a high-GI sports drink, significantly reduced blood glucose and possibly increased fat oxidation after a high-energy breakfast the next morning. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Food groups and intermediate disease markers: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized trials; Background: In previous meta-analyses of prospective observational studies, we investigated the association between food groups and risk of chronic disease. Objective: The aim of the present network meta-analysis (NMA) was to assess the effects of these food groups on intermediate-disease markers across randomized intervention trials. Design: Literature searches were performed until January 2018. The following inclusion criteria were defined a priori: 1) randomized trial (>= 4 wk duration) comparing >= 2 of the following food groups: refined grains, whole grains, nuts, legumes, fruits and vegetables, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs); 2) LDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol (TG) were defined as primary outcomes; total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and C-reactive protein were defined as secondary outcomes. For each outcome, a random NMA was performed, and for the ranking, the surface under the cumulative ranking curves (SUCRA) was determined. Results: A total of 66 randomized trials (86 reports) comparing 10 food groups and enrolling 3595 participants was identified. Nuts were ranked as the best food group at reducing LDL cholesterol (SUCRA: 93%), followed by legumes (85%) and whole grains (70%). For reducing TG, fish (97%) was ranked best, followed by nuts (78%) and red meat (72%). However, these findings are limited by the low quality of the evidence. When combining all 10 outcomes, the highest SUCRA values were found for nuts (66%), legumes (62%), and whole grains (62%), whereas SSBs performed worst (29%). Conclusion: The present NMA provides evidence that increased intake of nuts, legumes, and whole grains is more effective at improving metabolic health than other food groups. For the credibility of diet-disease relations, high-quality randomized trials focusing on well-established intermediate-disease markers could play an important role.
Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects; Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha-glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross-over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low- or high-dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration-time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low-dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low-dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA(1c) values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. I. Effects on signaling and indices of insulin action; Modern dairy cows rely on hormonally driven mechanisms to coordinate the metabolic adaptations needed to meet the energy and nutrient deficits of early lactation. In the case of glucose, dairy cows cope with its scarcity during early lactation via reduced plasma concentrations of insulin and the insulin sensitizing hormone adiponectin and increased insulin resistance. Reduced insulin action promotes diversion of available glucose to the mammary gland but increases susceptibility to diseases if excessive. In earlier work, we reported that the insulin sensitizing hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) is increased in periparturient dairy cows and identified liver and adipose tissue as possible targets. These observations raised the possibility that FGF21 acts directly on these tissues to limit the insulin resistance of early lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 +/- 2.2 (+/- standard error) of lactation to receive either excipient (n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight, followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21 at the rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic body weight for 9 consecutive days. Biopsies of liver and adipose tissue were collected during the bolus phase of the experiment and used to analyze FGF21 signaling by Western blotting and expression of its receptor components by quantitative PCR. Bolus FGF21 administration caused a 4-fold increase in p44/42 MAPK (ERK1/2) activation in adipose tissue but had no effect on AKT and signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT3) signaling. The liver expressed negligible levels of the preferred FGF21 receptor FGFR1c and failed to mount any FGF21 signaling response. The FGF21 administered as a bolus had no effect on plasma glucose or insulin and did not stimulate an acute release of adiponectin from adipose tissue. Similarly, FGF21 infusion had no effect on plasma levels of glucose or insulin measured over the 9-d infusion or on glucose disposal during an i.v. glucose tolerance test performed on d 8 of infusion. Finally, the chronic FGF21 infusion had no effect on indices of adiponectin production, including plasma adiponectin arid adipose tissue mRNA abundance of adiponectin and the endoplasmic reticulum chaperones ERO1A and DSBA-L involved in the assembly of adiponectin into multimeric complexes. These data show that human FGF21 does riot act as an insulin sensitizer during the energy and glucose deficit of early lactation but do not rule out such a role in other physiological states.
Coffee does not modify postprandial glycaemic and insulinaemic responses induced by carbohydrates; Strong epidemiological evidence suggests that coffee consumption is associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes. In postprandial studies, however, caffeine consumption has been associated with impaired glucose regulation. To study the acute effects of coffee and caffeine-containing soft drinks on glycaemic and insulinaemic responses. Twelve healthy volunteers were served each test food once and the reference glucose solution twice, containing 50 g of available carbohydrates, after an overnight fast at 1-week intervals in a random order. Capillary blood samples were drawn at 15-30 min intervals for 2 h after each study meal. The incremental areas under the curve (IAUC), glycaemic index (GI) and insulinaemic index (II), were calculated to estimate the glycaemic and insulinaemic responses. Glucose and insulin responses of coffees with glucose containing 150 or 300 mg of caffeine did not differ from responses of pure glucose solution; the GIs were 104 and 103, and the IIs were 89 and 92, respectively. When a bun or sucrose and milk were consumed together with coffee, lower GI values and insulin responses were observed, reflecting the carbohydrate quality and protein content of the accompaniments. Sucrose-sweetened cola produced a high GI value of 90 and an II of 61. Coffee does not modify glycaemic and insulinaemic responses when ingested with a carbohydrate source. Therefore, there is no need to avoid coffee as a choice of beverage in GI testing.
Impact of preloading either dairy or soy milk on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia and gastric emptying in healthy adults; Milk protein ingestion reduces post-meal glycemia when consumed either before or together with carbohydrate foods. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of dairy and soy milk consumed either before (preload) or together with (co-ingestion) a carbohydrate (bread), on postprandial blood glucose, insulin and gastric emptying in healthy participants. Twelve healthy Chinese male participants were studied on five separate occasions using a randomized crossover design. White wheat bread consumed with water was used as a reference meal. Capillary and venous bloods were sampled pretest and 3.5 h post-test meal for glucose and insulin measurement. Gastric emptying was measured using real-time ultrasonography. Co-ingestion of dairy milk or soy milk with bread lowered postprandial blood glucose response and glycemic index. Co-ingesting soy milk with bread increased insulin response and insulinemic index significantly compared to co-ingestion of dairy milk and preload treatments. Preloads (30 min prior to bread) significantly lowered postprandial glycemia and insulinemia compared to co-ingestion. Gastric emptying was slower after co-ingesting dairy milk with bread than after reference meal. Preloading either soy milk or dairy milk results in greater reduction in glycemic response compared to co-ingestion alone. This dietary practice may have therapeutic advantage in communities consuming high GI diets. Optimal glucose control may have the potential for increasing the time of transition from prediabetes to type 2 diabetes in Asian communities. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT 02151188.
Does dietary fat affect inflammatory markers in overweight and obese individuals?-a review of randomized controlled trials from 2010 to 2016; Background: Obesity, a major cause of death and disability, is increasing worldwide. Obesity is characterized by a chronic, low-grade inflammatory state which is suggested to play a critical role in the development of obesity-related diseases like cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. In fact, in the hours following consumption of a meal, a transient increase in inflammatory markers occurs, a response that is exaggerated in obese subjects. Dietary composition, including content of dietary fatty acids, may affect this inflammatory response both acutely and chronically, and thereby be predictive of progression of disease. The aim of the review was to summarize the literature from 2010 to 2016 regarding the effects of dietary fat intake on levels of inflammatory markers in overweight and obesity in human randomized controlled trials. Methods and results: We performed a literature search in MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PubMed databases. The literature search included human randomized controlled trials, both postprandial and long-term interventions, from January 2010 to September 2016. In total, 37 articles were included. Interventions with dairy products, vegetable oils, or nuts showed minor effects on inflammatory markers. The most consistent inflammatory-mediating effects were found in intervention with whole diets, which suggests that many components of the diet reduce inflammation synergistically. Furthermore, interventions with weight reduction and different fatty acids did not clearly show beneficial effects on inflammatory markers. Conclusion: Most interventions showed either no or minor effects of dietary fat intake on inflammatory markers in overweight and obese subjects. To progress our understanding on how diet and dietary components affect our health, mechanistic studies are required. Hence, future studies should include whole diets and characterization of obese phenotypes at a molecular level, including omics data and gut microbiota.
The role of dairy fat on cardiometabolic health: what is the current state of knowledge?; The purpose of this review is to examine the recent literature concerning the role of dairy fat intake on cardiometabolic health, focusing on prospective cohort studies that evaluated associations between dairy fat intake and cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). In general, studies using self-reported dietary assessment methods found no association between self-reported high-fat or low-fat dairy intake and CVD, a neutral association between low-fat dairy intake and incident of T2D, and either a protective association or no association between high-fat dairy intake and incident of T2D. Inconsistent classification of dairy foods as low-or high-fat and variable adjustment for potential confounders may have contributed to the heterogeneity of results. In contrast, results from studies using pentadecanoic acid (15: 0), heptadecanoic acid (17: 0), or transpalmitoleic acid (t-16:1n-7) as biomarkers have provided consistent evidence that dairy fat intake was negatively associated with CVD and T2D risk. Taken together, results from prospective studies do not support the assumption that higher dairy fat intake is associated with increased risk of CVD, but they do support the hypothesis that dairy fat intake could be protective for T2D. Randomized controlled trials are needed to establish a cause-and-effect relationship between dairy fat intake and cardiometabolic disease risk.
Pro-vegetarian food patterns and cardiometabolic risk in the PREDIMED-Plus study: a cross-sectional baseline analysis; Purpose We explored the cross-sectional association between the adherence to three different provegetarian (PVG) food patterns defined as general (gPVG), healthful (hPVG) and unhealthful (uPVG), and the cardiometabolic risk in adults with metabolic syndrome (MetS) of the PREDIMED-Plus randomized intervention study. Methods We performed a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from 6439 participants of the PREDIMED-Plus randomized intervention study. The gPVG food pattern was built by positively scoring plant foods (vegetables/fruits/legumes/grains/potatoes/nuts/olive oil) and negatively scoring, animal foods (meat and meat products/animal fats/eggs/fish and seafood/dairy products). The hPVG and uPVG were generated from the gPVG by adding four new food groups (tea and coffee/fruit juices/sugar-sweetened beverages/sweets and desserts), splitting grains and potatoes and scoring them differently. Multivariable-adjusted robust linear regression using MM-type estimator was used to assess the association between PVG food patterns and the standardized Metabolic Syndrome score (MetS z-score), a composed index that has been previously used to ascertain the cardiometabolic risk, adjusting for potential confounders. Results A higher adherence to the gPVG and hPVG was associated with lower cardiometabolic risk in multivariable models. The regression coefficients for 5th vs. 1st quintile were - 0.16 (95% CI: - 0.33 to 0.01) for gPVG (p trend: 0.015), and - 0.23 (95% CI: - 0.41 to - 0.05) for hPVG (p trend: 0.016). In contrast, a higher adherence to the uPVG was associated with higher cardiometabolic risk, 0.21 (95% CI: 0.04 to 0.38) (p trend: 0.019). Conclusion Higher adherence to gPVG and hPVG food patterns was generally associated with lower cardiovascular risk, whereas higher adherence to uPVG was associated to higher cardiovascular risk.
High-Dose Isoflavones Do Not Improve Metabolic and Inflammatory Parameters in Androgen-Deprived Men With Prostate Cancer; The profound hypogonadism that occurs with androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) for prostate cancer (PCa) results in complications such as diabetes and metabolic syndrome that predispose to cardiovascular disease. Because phytoestrogens have been associated with an improvement in metabolic parameters, we evaluated their role in men undergoing ADT. Our objective was to evaluate the effects of high-dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory parameters in men undergoing ADT. This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 12-week pilot study. Participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 g of soy protein containing 160 mg of total isoflavones vs taste-matched placebo (20 g whole milk protein). The study was conducted at a tertiary care center in the United States. Thirty-three men (isoflavones = 17, placebo = 16) undergoing ADT for PCa completed this pilot study. Mean age in the 2 groups was 69 years and the majority of men were Caucasians. Mean duration of ADT in both groups was approximately 2 years (P = .70). The 2 groups were well matched at baseline. After 12 weeks of intervention, there was no significant difference in either metabolic or inflammatory parameters between the 2 groups. We found that high-dose isoflavones over a course of 12 weeks do not improve metabolic or inflammatory parameters in androgen-deprived men.
Effect of rumen-protected choline and methionine on physiological and metabolic disorders and reproductive indices of dairy cows; The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of feeding different levels of ruminally protected methionine and choline on the incidence of physiological and metabolic disorders, production, and some of the reproductive indices of Holstein dairy cows. Forty Holstein dairy cows in their first and second lactation were used from 4-week pre-partum through 20-week post-partum and randomly assigned to receive one of the following treatments: 18 g/day of rumen-protected methionine (RPM), 60 g/day of rumen-protected choline (RPC), 18 g/day of RPM + 60 g/day of RPC, and neither supplement (control). The treatments significantly affected services per conception and open days of lactating dairy cows (p < 0.05), but did not affect significantly on days to first oestrus and number of pregnant cows. RPM + RPC-fed cows had the lowest open days, days to first oestrus and services per conception compared with other groups. The effect of treatments was significant on the incidence of metabolic and physiological problems except for foot/leg problems. Cows fed RPM+RPC had the lowest health problems compared with other groups (p < 0.05). Results indicate that the supplementation of RPM and RPC can improve reproductive performance and health status of dairy cows.
Perspective: Refined Grains and Health: Genuine Risk, or Guilt by Association?; Refined grain intake is widely assumed to be associated with adverse health outcomes, including increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and obesity. The 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended that to improve dietary quality, the US population should replace most refined grains with whole grains. This recommendation was based largely on results from studies that examined dietary patterns, not separate food groups. A Western dietary pattern typically includes red and processed meat, sugar-sweetened foods and beverages, French fries, and high-fat dairy products, as well as refined grains, and has been linked to increased risk of many chronic diseases. However, when evaluated as a distinct food category, 11 meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which included a total of 32 publications with data from 24 distinct cohorts, demonstrated that refined grain intake was not associated with all-cause mortality, T2D, CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, hypertension, or cancer. By contrast, consumption of red and processed meat was consistently associated with increased risk of these same health outcomes. Refined grain consumption up to 6-7 servings/d (1 serving=30 g) was not associated with higher risk of CHD, T2D, hypertension, or all-cause mortality. Moreover, total grain intake was not associated with risk of CVD, CHD, stroke, or cancer, but was associated with lower risk of all-cause mortality. Consequently, the recommendation to reduce refined grain intake based on results from studies linking a Western dietary pattern to numerous adverse health outcomes is contrary to a substantial body of published scientific evidence. Future research needs to better define refined grain intake to distinguish between staple grain foods and indulgent grain foods, and to better design randomized controlled trials to resolve discrepancies between results from observational studies and such trials with regard to determining the benefits of whole grains compared with refined grains.
Blunted nutrient-response pathways in adipose tissue following high fat meals in men with metabolic syndrome: A randomized postprandial transcriptomic study; Background: Excessive adipose tissue is central to disease burden posed by the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). Whilst much is known of the altered transcriptomic regulation of adipose tissue under fasting conditions, little is known of the responses to high-fat meals. Methods: Nineteen middle-aged males (mean ? SD 52.0 ? 4.6 years), consumed two isocaloric high-fat, predominately dairy-based or soy-based, breakfast meals. Abdominal subcutaneous adipose biopsies were collected after overnight fast (0 h) and 4 h following each meal. Global gene expression profiling was performed by microarray (Illumina Human WG-6 v3). Results: In the fasted state, 13 genes were differently expressed between control and MetS adipose tissue ( 0.05). In response to the meals, the control participants had widespread in-creases in genes related to cellular nutrient responses ( 0.05; 2444 & 2367 genes; dairy & soy, respectively). There was blunted response in the MetS group ( 1.2 fold-change, p < 0.05; 332 336 genes; dairy & soy, respectively). Conclusions: In middle-aged males with MetS, a widespread suppression of the subcutaneous adipose tissue nutrient responsive gene expression suggests an inflexibility in the transcriptomic responsiveness both high-fat meals. ? 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Association of Major Food Sources of Fructose-Containing Sugars With Incident Metabolic Syndrome A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Importance Sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) are associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the role of other important food sources of fructose-containing sugars in the development of MetS remains unclear. Objective To examine the association of major food sources of fructose-containing sugars with incident MetS. Data Sources MEDLINE, Embase, and Cochrane Library were searched from database inception to March 24, 2020, in addition to manual searches of reference lists from included studies using the following search terms: sugar-sweetened beverages, fruit drink, yogurt, metabolic syndrome, and prospective study. Study Selection Inclusion criteria included prospective cohort studies of 1 year or longer that investigated the association of important food sources of fructose-containing sugars with incident MetS in participants free of MetS at the start of the study. Data Extraction and Synthesis Study quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Extreme quantile risk estimates for each food source with MetS incidence were pooled using a random-effects meta-analysis. Interstudy heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q statistic) and quantified (I(2)statistic). Dose-response analyses were performed using a 1-stage linear mixed-effects model. The certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE (Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation). Results were reported according to the Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) and Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) reporting guidelines. Main Outcomes and Measures Pooled risk ratio (RR) of incident MetS (pairwise and dose response). Results Thirteen prospective cohort studies (49 591 participants [median age, 51 years; range, 6-90 years]; 14 205 with MetS) that assessed 8 fructose-containing foods and MetS were included. An adverse linear dose-response association for SSBs (RR for 355 mL/d, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.05-1.23) and an L-shaped protective dose-response association for yogurt (RR for 85 g/d, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.58-0.76) and fruit (RR for 80 g/d, 0.82; 95% CI, 0.78-0.86) was found. Fruit juices (mixed and 100%) had a U-shaped dose-response association with protection at moderate doses (mixed fruit juice: RR for 125 mL/d, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.42-0.79; 100% fruit juice: RR for 125 mL/d, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.61-0.97). Honey, ice cream, and confectionary had no association with MetS incidence. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for SSBs, yogurt, fruit, mixed fruit juice, and 100% fruit juice and very low for all other food sources. Conclusions and Relevance The findings of this meta-analysis suggest that the adverse association of SSBs with MetS does not extend to other food sources of fructose-containing sugars, with a protective association for yogurt and fruit throughout the dose range and for 100% fruit juice and mixed fruit juices at moderate doses. Therefore, current policies and guidelines on the need to limit sources of free sugars may need to be reexamined.
Effect of Parenteral Antioxidant Supplementation During the Dry Period on Postpartum Glucose Tolerance in Dairy Cows; Background: Exacerbated postparturient insulin resistance (IR) has been associated with several pathologic conditions in dairy cattle. Oxidative stress (OS) plays a causative role in IR in humans, and an association, but not direct relationship; between OS and IR recently has been reported in transition dairy cattle. Hypothesis: Supplementation with antioxidants shortly before calving improves glucose tolerance after parturition in dairy cattle. Animals: Ten late-pregnant Holstein cows entering their 2nd to 5th lactation. Methods: Randomized placebo-controlled trial: 15 2 days before expected calving, the treatment group received an injection of DL-alpha-tocophoryl acetate at a dosage of 6 mg/kg body weight (BW) and 0.06 mg/kg BW of sodium solonite, and the control group was injected with isotonic saline. During the first week: after calving, both groups underwent glucose tolerance testing (0.25 g glucose/kg BW). Commercial assays were used to quantify the concentrations of glucose, insulin, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate, and markers of redox status in blood. Data were analyzed using the Mann-Whitney U-test (alpha = 0.05). Results: Supplemented cows showed a lower risk for OS, as reflected by a lower OS index (P = .036), different areas under the curve for the concentrations of glucose (P < .01), insulin (P = .043), and NEFA (P = .041), more rapid elimination rates (P = .080, <.01 and .047 respectively); and shorter half-lives (P=.040, <.01 and .032) of these metabolites. Conclusions and Clinical Importance: Supplementation with antioxidants before calving resulted in greater insulin sensitivity after calving, thereby suggesting the role of OS in the development of IR in cattle and the potential benefits of antioxidant supplementation in minimizing the consequences of negative energy balance.
Effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rblL-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in Holstein cattle III: Administration of rblL-8 induces insulin resistance in bull calves; Our previous work has suggested that recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbIL-8) treatment might influence cow metabolism. Therefore, this study was conducted to initially assess the effects of systemic administration of rbIL-8 on response to a glucose challenge, blood metabolites, insulin, growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-1, immune cell populations, and inflammatory parameters in Holstein bull calves. Calves from 30 +/- 6 d of life were individually housed and randomly allocated to 1 of 2 treatment groups: rbIL-8 (rbIL-8, n = 10) and control (CTR, n = 8). Calves assigned to the rbIL-8 group received 1 s.c. injection (d 1, 0900 h) and 6 i.v. injections (d 1 at 1600 h, d 2 and 3 at 0900 h and 1600 h, and d 4 at 0900 h) of rbIL-8 (4 mu g/kg of body weight), whereas the CTR group received 2 mL of sterile saline solution at each time point. Day of enrollment was considered as d 1, and the study duration was 10 d. Insulin concentrations and whole-body glucose disappearance were evaluated by an i.v. glucose tolerance test conducted at 12 h and 7 d following the last rbIL-8 injection. Rectal temperature and blood samples were collected on d 1, 2, 3, and 4 at -30 (before treatmerit, 0830 h), 30, 60, 120, 240, arid 360 min relative to treatment, and daily at 0830 h for the rest of the study period. Serum was harvested, and the following parameters were measured: beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), nonesterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, plasma urea nitrogen, haptoglobin, and differential blood count. Significant differences were considered when P <= 0.05 and a trend if 0.05 < P <= 0.10. Serum glucose levels and glucose area under the curve (AUC) did riot differ between treatment groups in response to the glucose challenge. However, calves treated with rbIL-8 had greater serum insulin concentration and insulin AUC compared with controls. Administration of rbIL-8 increased rectal temperature (rbIL-8 = 39.3 +/- 0.1; CTR = 38.9 +/- 0.1 degrees C; +/- standard error), BHB concentrations (rbIL-8 = 3.54 +/- 0.10; CTR = 2.99 +/- 0.12 mg/dL), counts of lymphocytes (rbIL-8 = 4.52 +/- 0.12; CTR = 3.84 +/- 0.14 x 10(3)/mu L), monocytes (rbIL-8 = 0.87 +/- 0.03; CTR = 0.67 +/- 0.04 x 10(3)/mu L), and granulocytes (rbIL-8 = 3.54 + 0.22; CTR. = 2.66 + 0.24 x 10(3)/mu L). We conclude that rbIL-8 induces insulin resistance in Holstein bull calves, accompanied by systemic inflammation and altered blood metabolites and white blood cell populations.
Soy food consumption does not lower LDL cholesterol in either equol or nonequol producers; Background: Health claims link soy protein (SP) consumption, through plasma cholesterol reduction, to a decreased risk of heart disease. Soy isoflavones (ISOs), particularly in individuals who produce equol, might also contribute to lipid lowering and thus reduce SP requirements. Objective: The objective was to examine the contributions of SP, ISOs, and equol to the hypocholesterolemic effects of soy foods. Design: Nonsoy consumers (33 men, 58 women) with a plasma total cholesterol (TChol) concentration >5.5 mmol/L participated in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover intervention trial. The subjects consumed 3 diets for 6 wk each in random order, which consisted of foods providing a daily dose of 1) 24g SP and 70-80mg ISOs (diet S); 2) 12 g SP, 12 g dairy protein (DP), and 70-80 mg ISOs (diet SD); and 3) 24g DP without ISOs (diet D). Fasting plasma TChol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides (TGs) were measured after each diet. Results: TChol was 3% lower with the S diet (-0.17 +/- 0.06 mmol/L; P <0.05) than with the D diet, and TG were 4% lower with both the S (-0.14 +/- 0.05 mmol/L; P < 0.05) and SD (-0.12 +/- 0.05 mmol/L; P < 0.05) diets. There were no significant effects on LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, or the TChol: HDL cholesterol ratio. On the basis of urinary ISOs, 30 subjects were equol producers. Lipids were not affected significantly by equol production. Conclusions: Regular consumption of foods providing 24 g SP/d from ISOs had no significant effect on plasma LDL cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects, regardless of equol-producing status.
Changes in food habits and motivation for healthy eating among Pakistani women living in Norway: results from the InnvaDiab-DEPLAN study; Objective: Pakistani women in Oslo have high risk of overweight and type 2 diabetes. The objective is to present the effect of an intervention study on Pakistani women's intentions to change dietary behaviour and changes made in dietary intake. Design: The intervention group received culturally adapted lifestyle education, including diet and physical activity. The questionnaire, applied before and after the 7-month intervention, included FFQ and questions on intentions to change. Setting: Oslo, Norway. Subjects: A total of 198 Pakistani women, aged 25-63 years randomised into control and intervention groups. Results: There was a shift in distribution of intentions to change the intake of selected foods in the intervention group after the intervention, resulting in significant differences between the groups. The daily intake of vegetables, fruits and fruit juice had increased (P=0.043), and the intake of red meats (P=0.001), full fat milk/yoghurt (P=0.027) and sugar-rich drinks (P <= 0.007) was reduced in the intervention group. The differences between intervention and control after the intervention were significant for sugar-rich drinks (P <= 0.022). More women in the intervention group used olive and rapeseed oil and fewer used 'vegetable' oil after than before intervention (P<0.011). Differences between intervention and control were significant (P=0.001) for rapeseed oil. Comparing those who attended at least 60% of the group sessions with the control group resulted in minor changes in these estimates. Conclusions: Culturally adapted education has the potential to change Norwegian-Pakistani women's intentions to make their diet healthier, and also to induce some beneficial, however modest, self-reported changes in diet.
Fish Consumption, Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Intake and Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: A Meta-Analysis; Fish and long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC omega 3PUFA) intake in relation to the risk of cardiovascular diseases have been well studied. However, studies that directly link fish consumption or LC omega 3PUFA intake to the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) are sparse and the results are inconsistent. We reviewed literature through December 2014 and used random-effects or fixed-effects models, as appropriate, to pool the associations of fish or LC omega 3PUFA intake with the risk of MetS. Nine independent cross-sectional samples (seven cross-sectional studies) and three independent prospective cohorts (two prospective cohort studies) were identified as eligible for this meta-analysis. By pooling data from the prospective cohorts (7860 participants and 1671 incident cases), a significant inverse association between fish consumption and incidence of MetS was found. The pooled RR (95% CI) was 0.71 (0.58, 0.87), comparing the highest to the lowest category of fish consumption, and 0.94 (0.90, 0.98) for one serving/week increment. Consistent results were found for LC omega 3PUFA intake. Non-significant inverse association of fish or LC omega 3PUFA intake with risk of MetS was found when pooling the cross-sectional studies. By quantitatively summarizing the literature, a modest inverse association between fish or LC omega 3PUFA intake and risk of MetS cannot be excluded.
Associations between lactase persistence and the metabolic syndrome in a cross-sectional study in the Canary Islands; The single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) LCT -13910 C > T, associated with genetically determined phenotypes of lactase persistence (LP) or non-persistence (LNP), was studied in relation to the metabolic syndrome (MS). The aim was to determine if milk intake and MS are associated. We applied Mendelian randomization (MR). The SNP, LCT -13910 C > T, with the genotypes LP (TT/CT) and LNP (CC), was taken as a proxy for milk consumption. A representative sample of adults belonging to the Canary Islands Nutrition Survey (ENCA) in Spain aged 18-75 years (n = 551) was genotyped for the LCT -13910 C > T polymorphism. We used the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria to define MS. 60% of the population was LP and 40% LNP. One hundred seven LP subjects (35.0%) and 53 LNP subjects (25.6%) showed MS (chi (2) = 5.04, p = 0.025). LP subjects showed a significantly higher odds ratio (OR) for MS than LNP subjects computed for the whole population: both the crude OR (1.56; 95% CI 1.06-2.31) and adjusted OR for sex, age, daily energy intake, physical activity and educational level (1.57; 95% CI 1.02-2.43). Adjusted OR for women with LP was 1.93; 95% CI 1.06-3.52. The T allele of the SNP might constitute a nutrigenetic factor increasing the susceptibility of LP subjects, especially women, to develop MS in the Canary Islands.
Effect of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500IU nano encapsulated vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on cardiometabolic indicators in adults with abdominal obesity: a total blinded randomized controlled trial; Background & aims Vitamin D deficiency is widespread worldwide. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effect of a nano encapsulated form of vitamin D used for fortifying low-fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) on anthropometric indices, glycemic status, and lipid profile in subjects with abdominal obesity. Methods In a totally (quadruple) blinded, randomized, and parallel-controlled trial, 306 individuals with abdominal obesity were randomly allocated to one of four groups: fortified low-fat yogurt (FY, 1500 IU nano encapsulated vitamin D-3 per 150 g/d), non-fortified low-fat yogurt (nFY), fortified low-fat milk (FM, 1500 IU nano encapsulated vitamin D-3 per 200 g/d), non-fortified low-fat milk (nFM), for 10 weeks (nFM and nFY, were considered as the control groups). Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured at baseline and after a ten-week trial in Mashhad, Iran. Results After the ten-week intervention, we found a significant increase in serum concentration of 25(OH)D in both the FM and FY groups compared to the respective control groups (19.10 +/- 5.69 ng/mL and 20.88 +/- 5.76 ng/mL respectively, p < .001). We observed a significant reduction in weight to hip ratio (p = .04) and a significant improvement in triglyceride (p < .001) and HDL-C (p = .01) only in FM group compared to nFM group. Also, we found a significant reduction in fasting serum insulin (p < .001), and a significant improvement of HOMA-IR (p < .001) and QUICKI (p < .001) in both intervention groups compared to their placebos. Conclusions An intake of fortified dairy products containing nano-encapsulated vitamin D-3 was associated with an improvement in some measures of anthropometric indices, glucose homeostasis, and lipid profiles, particularly in individuals receiving fortified milk. Hence, along with other benefits, fortification of dairy products with vitamin D may be an effective approach to improve some cardiometabolic indicators, such as insulin resistance.
Effects of chromium supplementation on early lactation performance of Holstein cows; Two experiments were conducted to evaluate the effects of chromium (Cr) supplementation on early lactation performance of Holstein cows. Experiment 1 involved 12 primiparous (PP) and 22 multiparous (MP) cows, while exp. 2 involved 18 PP and 22 MP cows. In each trial, cows were fed total mixed rations (TMR) and assigned to one of two treatments: control or 0.5 mg kg(-1) supplemental chelated Cr from week 6 prepartum to week 16 postpartum. The cortisol response to synthetic adrenocorticotropin (ACTH) intramuscular (i.m.) and the luteinizing hormone (LH) response to synthetic gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) i.m. were evaluated as well, during weeks 2 and 6 postpartum in exp. 2. During the first 16 wk of lactation, supplemental Cr tended to increase milk yields in PP cows by 13% (P = 0.06) and increased milk production by 7% (P < 0.05) in exps. 1 and 2, respectively, but had no effect in MP cows. Despite increased milk yield, Cr supplementation had no adverse effect on milk composition, reproductive performance, or health status. Furthermore, Cr supplementation tended to increase the milk lactose content in PP cows. Supplemental Cr reduced serum beta-hydroxybutyrate levels and may reduce subclinical ketosis in MP cows. In addition, in overconditioned, aged cows, Cr supplementation may reduce the incidence of certain other metabolic disorders. Peak values and production rates of cortisol in Cr-supplemented cows tended to be greater (P < 0.10) than in control cows at week 6 Basal LH concentrations did not differ between the two treatments for either week. However, the Cr-supplemented cows released less (P < 0.05) LH than did control cows at week 6. Results from hormone-stimulation tests suggest that the Cr-supplemented cows may have experienced a greater stress with their increased milk production. However, the time in postpartum anestrus and the time to conception were similar, suggesting that Cr supplementation may have mitigated the slower return to fertility usually seen in higher producing PP dairy cows. Further study is needed to determine the effects of Cr supplementation on reproductive performance, health status, and metabolic disorders in dairy cows.
Intrahepatic Fat Content and COVID-19 Lockdown in Adults with NAFLD and Metabolic Syndrome; Background: COVID-19 lockdowns had a significant impact on people's health, triggering levels of anxiety, perceived stress, and changes in food and nutritional status. Objectives: To assess the changes in dietary habits, metabolic syndrome (MetS) and liver parameters before and after the COVID-19 lockdown according to changes in intrahepatic fat content in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and MetS. Design: Pre- and post-lockdown observation of the COVID-19 lockdown on fifty-nine 40-60-year-old participants with MetS and NAFLD, in a parallel group, randomised experiment intended to treat NAFLD. Methods: Anthropometrics, liver and MetS biochemical parameters, intrahepatic fat content by abdominal magnetic resonance imaging, and dietary assessment using a validated 148-item Food Frequency Questionnaire were collected pre-COVID-19 lockdown and post-lockdown. Results: COVID-19 lockdown led to negative changes in the liver of patients with NAFLD and MetS, with weight gain and increases in glycemia, ALT and intrahepatic fat content post lockdown. Participants with worsened liver status had low consumption of fibre, cheese, nuts and coffee, and high consumption of sweets and pastries. Participants who improved liver status ameliorated ALT values, waist circumference, and intrahepatic fat content, assessed by magnetic resonance imaging post-lockdown. Conclusions: The maintenance of healthy lifestyle habits is vital, especially for populations with NAFLD and MetS, to reduce unhealthy lifestyle patterns displayed during lockdown.
Determinants of elevated chemerin as a novel biomarker of immunometabolism: data from a large population-based cohort; Objective: Chemerin is a novel inflammatory biomarker suggested to play a role in the development of metabolic disorders, providing new avenues for treatment and prevention. Little is known about the factors that predispose elevated chemerin concentrations. We therefore aimed to explore a range of lifestyle-associated, dietary, and metabolic factors as potential determinants of elevated chemerin concentrations in asymptomatic adults. Design: We used cross-sectional data from a random subsample of 2433 participants (1494 women and 939 men) aged 42-58 years of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition- Potsdam cohort. Methods: Random forest regression (RFR) was applied to explore the relative importance of 32 variables as statistical predictors of elevated chemerin concentrations overall and by sex. Multivariable-adjusted linear regression was applied to evaluate associations between selected predictors and chemerin concentrations. Results: Results from RFR suggested BMI, waist circumference, C-reactive protein, fatty liver index, and estimated glomerular filtration rate as the strongest predictors of chemerin concentrations. Additional predictors included sleeping duration, alcohol, red and processed meat, fruits, sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB), vegetables, dairy, and refined grains. Collectively, these factors explained 32.9% variation of circulating chemerin. Multivariable-adjusted analyses revealed linear associations of elevated chemerin with metabolic parameters, obesity, longer sleep, higher intakes of red meat and SSB, and lower intakes of dairy. Conclusions: These findings come in support of the role of chemerin as a bi omarker characterizing inflammatory and metabolic phenotypes in asymptomatic adults. Modifiable dietary and lifestyle-associated determinants of elevated chemerin concentrations require further evaluation in a prospective study setting.
Dry period plane of energy: Effects on glucose tolerance in transition dairy cows; Overfeeding energy in the dry period can affect glucose metabolism and the energy balance of transition dairy cows with potential detrimental effects on the ability to successfully adapt to early lactation. The objectives of this study were to investigate the effect of different dry cow feeding strategies on glucose tolerance and on resting concentrations of blood glucose, glucagon, insulin, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) in the peripartum period. Cows entering second or greater lactation were enrolled at dry-off (57 d before expected parturition) into 1 of 3 treatment groups following a randomized block design: cows that received a total mixed ration (TMR) formulated to meet but not exceed energy requirements during the dry period (n = 28, controlled energy); cows that received a TMR supplying approximately 150% of energy requirements during the dry period (n = 28, high energy); and cows that were fed the same diet as the controlled energy group for the first 28 d, after which the TMR was formulated to supply approximately 125% of energy requirements until calving (n = 28, intermediate energy). Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTT) with rapid administration of 0.25 g of glucose/kg of body weight were performed 28 and 10 d before expected parturition, as well as at 4 and 21 d after calving. Area under the curve for insulin and glucose, maximal concentration and time to half-maximal concentration of insulin and glucose, and clearance rates were calculated. Insulin resistance (IR) indices were calculated from baseline samples obtained during IVGTT and Spearman rank correlations determined between IVGTT parameters and IR indices. Treatment did not affect IVGTT parameters at any of the 4 time points. Correlation between IR indices and IVGTT parameters was generally poor. Overfeeding cows energy in excess of predicted requirements by approximately 50% during the entire dry period resulted in decreased postpartum basal plasma glucose and insulin, as well as increased glucagon, BHB, and NEFA concentrations after calving compared with cows fed a controlled energy diet during the dry period. In conclusion, overfeeding energy during the entire dry period or close-up period alone did not affect glucose tolerance as assessed by IVGTT but energy uptake during the dry period was associated with changes in peripartal resting concentrations of glucose, as well as postpartum insulin, glucagon, NEFA, and BHB concentrations.
Tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen and consumption of dairy products. The DESIR study; We investigated whether tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen (t-PA-Ag) was associated with intake of meat, fish, or dairy products. The study population comprised 295 women and 299 men aged 30-64 years, which was a random sample from the D.E.S.I.R. (Data from an Epidemiological Study on the Insulin Resistance syndrome) study comprising 5214 men and women in total. T-PA-Ag was measured in fasting blood samples and the habitual intake of foods was assessed by several questions on a food frequency questionnaire. Cross-sectional data were analyzed. The mean t-PA-Ag concentration was 3.28 ng/mL (SD, 1.26) in men and 2.52 ng/mL (SD, 1.22) in women. The concentration of t-PA-Ag was inversely associated with the consumption of milk and milk products in women (p for trend: 0.15) and in men (p for trend: 0.04). The difference between subjects with a low and a high milk consumption was 13% in women and 19% in men. Similar results were observed for consumption of cheese. The concentration of t-PA-Ag was 21 and 8% lower for women and men with a high cheese consumption, respectively, compared to those with a low consumption. Further analyses showed that the association of t-PA-Ag with milk and milk product consumption was independent of cheese consumption and vice versa. No association between meat or fish intake and t-PA-Ag was observed. The results of this study indicate that, if confirmed by others, a high intake of dairy products may influence fibrinolysis by an effect on t-PA-Ag. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
A Dietary Intervention of Bioactive Enriched Foods Aimed at Adults at Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: Protocol and Results from PATHWAY-27 Pilot Study; Around a quarter of the global adult population have metabolic syndrome (MetS) and therefore increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and diabetes. Docosahexaenoic acid, oat beta-glucan and grape anthocyanins have been shown to be effective in reducing MetS risk factors when administered as isolated compounds, but their effect when administered as bioactive-enriched foods has not been evaluated. Objective: The overall aim of the PATHWAY-27 project was to evaluate the effectiveness of bioactive-enriched food consumption on improving risk factors of MetS. A pilot study was conducted to assess which of five bioactive combinations provided within three different food matrices (bakery, dairy or egg) were the most effective in adult volunteers. The trial also evaluated the feasibility of production, consumer acceptability and gastrointestinal tolerance of the bioactive-enriched food. Method: The study included three monocentric, parallel-arm, double-blind, randomised, dietary intervention trials without a placebo. Each recruiting centre tested the five bioactive combinations within a single food matrix. Results: The study was completed by 167 participants (74 male, 93 female). The results indicated that specific bioactive/matrix combinations have effects on serum triglyceride or HDL-cholesterol level without adverse effects. Conclusion: The study evidenced that bioactive-enriched food offers a promising food-based strategy for MetS prevention, and highlighted the importance of conducting pilot studies.
Which factors predict metabolic syndrome? A cross sectional study in Kermanshah, Iran; Background: Lifestyle and food pattern play a key role in the creation and control of metabolic syndrome (MS). Objective: The present study was conducted to determine the role of nutritional and anthropometric factors as the predictors of MS in food production and distribution business owners. Materials and Methods: The present cross-sectional study was conducted on 112 food retailers selected in a random fashion. The study questionnaires included the demographic information questionnaire and food frequency questionnaire. The body composition was measured using the body analyzer. To examine lipid profiles and blood sugar, 5 ml fasting blood samples were taken from the participants. The data were analyzed using the logistic regression test. Results: The present study found high waist-hip ratio and body fat mass to be the strongest anthropometric predictors of MS. High lean body mass and total body water were negatively correlated with and played a protective role in MS. Consumption of dairy products as a food group was negatively correlated with MS, i.e., the higher the consumption, the lower the emergence rate of MS. The prevalence of MS was found to be 30.4% in the over 40 age group, 51.4% in 40-49 years old and 61.3% in those aged 50 and above, suggesting a positive correlation between the prevalence of MS and increasing age (P = 0.02). Conclusion: The present study found increased waist circumference and reduced dairy consumption to increase the risk of MS. Furthermore, weight reduction changes in lifestyle by increasing physical activities and observing proper diets were found to significantly decrease the risk of MS.
Food groups and risk of chronic disease: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background: There is a lack of systematic and comprehensive evaluations whether food intakes lower or increase risk of chronic diseases. In this network meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies, we aim to evaluate the effects of different foods on risk of chronic diseases. Methods/design: We will search PubMed and EMBASE. This will be supplemented by a hand search and author contacts. Citations, abstracts, and relevant papers will be screened for eligibility by two reviewers independently. Prospective cohort studies will be included if they meet the following criteria: (1) evaluate the association of single food or food groups with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular diseases (incidence and mortality), cancer (incidence and mortality) or risk of type 2 diabetes. The following food groups will be evaluated: whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy products, fish, red meat, processed meat and sugar-sweetened beverages; (2) include participants >= 18 years of age; and (3) study population were free of outcome(s) of interest at the onset of the study. To assess study quality, we will extract the following characteristics: study size, duration of follow-up, dietary assessment method, assessment of outcome and adjustment factors. If the identified studies appear sufficiently similar within and across the different comparisons between pairs of food groups, we will estimate summary-relative effects using random effects network meta-analysis. Subgroup and meta-regression analyses will be performed stratified by different follow-up cut-points, geographical region and sex. Discussion: This is a presentation of the study protocol only. Results and conclusions are pending completion of this study. Our systematic review will be of great value to national and international authorities for evidence-based nutritional recommendation/guidelines, regarding the implementation of food-based dietary guidelines for prevention of chronic diseases. Moreover, our results can be implemented to develop new diet quality indices/scores.
Pimecrolimus (Elidel®) for therapy of lichen ruber mucosae; Oral lichen planus (OLP) is a common chronic inflammatory disorder with criteria of auto-reactive disease. Treatment consists on topical application of corticosteroids, vitamin A derivates or cyclosporin. Calcineurin inhibitors as tacrolimus and pimecrolimus decrease the production of cytokines and inhibit T-cell proliferation. These substances have recently been introduced for local therapy of chronic inflammatory skin disorders. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effectiveness and side effects of local pimecrolimus in OLP. A group of five patients with histological proven OLP were treated with topical pimecrolimus 1% ointment twice daily to the affected area. Prior to treatment and after 7, 14, 28 and 42 days the lesions were assessed clinically and by photographs. The discomfort scores were evaluated by visual analogue scale (VAS) weekly. All five patients (median age 65.6 years) were female and showed involvement of the buccal mucosa. All lesions showed a reduction of inflammation activity during the treating period. The VAS scores decreased significantly under treatment (p = 0,0014). Pimecrolimus ointment was tolerated well with no signs of itching or burning. However, 4 out of 5 patients complained about the reduced adherence properties of the cream. Although no complete remission of OLP has been observed in our series, signs of inflammatory activity of OLP as redness and burning sensations were reduced by topical pimecrolimus. Further controlled randomized studies have to be conducted to compare topical pimecrolimus with topical corticosteroid as standard therapy. The adherence properties of pimecrolimus 1% cream should be improved for intra-oral application.
Possible alternative therapies for oral lichen planus cases refractory to steroid therapies; Oral lichen planus (OLP) is a chronic inflammatory disorder with a multifactorial etiopathogenesis. Immune dysregulation plays a critical role in the development and progression of this disease. Patients' lives may be affected by pain caused by atrophic-erosive lesions. Given the obscure etiology, treatment is usually symptomatic. Topical steroids remain the mainstay of management. However, their therapeutic benefits are not always evident. There are substantial data on the possible therapeutic strategies that are effective in OLP cases refractory to steroids. This review provides an overview of the current approaches for the management of steroid-refractory OLP. The miscellaneous treatment regimens include tacrolimus, pimecrolimus, thalidomide, low-level laser therapy, photodynamic therapy, and surgical excision. Some results obtained from these studies were promising. However, further studies, especially randomized controlled trials with strict inclusion and exclusion criteria and larger sample sizes, are required for the evaluation of the long-term safety and efficacy of these therapies.
Acute and second-meal effects of almond form in impaired glucose tolerant adults: a randomized crossover trial; Background: Nut consumption may reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of the current study was to measure the acute and second-meal effects of morning almond consumption and determine the contribution of different nut fractions. Methods: Fourteen impaired glucose tolerant (IGT) adults participated in a randomized, 5-arm, crossover design study where whole almonds (WA), almond butter (AB), defatted almond flour (AF), almond oil (AO) or no almonds (vehicle - V) were incorporated into a 75 g available carbohydrate-matched breakfast meal. Postprandial concentrations of blood glucose, insulin, non-esterified free fatty acids (NEFA), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and appetitive sensations were assessed after treatment breakfasts and a standard lunch. Results: WA significantly attenuated second-meal and daylong blood glucose incremental area under the curve (AUCI) and provided the greatest daylong feeling of fullness. AB and AO decreased blood glucose AUCI in the morning period and daylong blood glucose AUCI was attenuated with AO. WA and AO elicited a greater second-meal insulin response, particularly in the early postprandial phase, and concurrently suppressed the second-meal NEFA response. GLP-1 concentrations did not vary significantly between treatments. Conclusions: Inclusion of almonds in the breakfast meal decreased blood glucose concentrations and increased satiety both acutely and after a second-meal in adults with IGT. The lipid component of almonds is likely responsible for the immediate post-ingestive response, although it cannot explain the differential second-meal response to AB versus WA and AO.
Consumption of probiotic yogurt and vitamin D-fortified yogurt increases fasting level of GLP-1 in obese adults undergoing low-calorie diet: A double-blind randomized controlled trial; Energy restriction and manipulation of macronutrient composition of the diet are the main approaches that are used by people who aim to lose weight. When such strategies are employed, appetite and endocrine regulators of satiety, such as gut peptides, all are deeply affected. The gut microbiota-brain axis controls energy homeostasis in humans by affecting central satiety and gut peptides. The purpose of this study was to evaluate if the synergistic effect of probiotics and vitamin D in yogurt matrix can modulate this effect. In the double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 140 obese adults were randomly allocated into four groups: 1) regular yogurt plus low-calorie diet; 2) PY plus low-calorie diet; 3) vitamin D-fortified yogurt plus low-calorie diet, and 4) probiotic and vitamin D co-fortified yogurt plus low-calorie diet. All groups were encouraged to increase their physical activity. Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide Tyrosin-Tysrosin (PYY), ghrelin, anthropometric variables, insulin, fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin resistance/sensitivity, 1,25(OH)(2) D-3, dietary intake, and physical activity were measured before and after 10 weeks. The difference between groups for GLP-1 after 10 weeks was significant after adjusting for baseline GLP-1 and protein intake as confounders. PY showed the largest effect size (ES) on GLP-1 (p = 14.2) and FBS (p = 14) compared with others. Pairwise comparison of yogurts effect sizes on GLP-1 showed a significant difference in group 1 vs. group 2 (p = .001), group 1 vs. group 3 (p = .003), and group 1 vs. group 4 (p = .048). Vitamin D-fortified yogurt had the largest effect size on the serum level of vitamin D and it showed a significant difference with RY (p = .018) and PY (p = .002). Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt and PY could be regarded as a promising approach during calorie restriction.
Australian sweet lupin flour addition reduces the glycaemic index of a white bread breakfast without affecting palatability in healthy human volunteers; The addition of some legume ingredients to bread has been associated with effects on glycaemic, insulinaemic and satiety responses that may be beneficial in controlling type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and obesity. However, the effect of Australian sweet lupin (Lupinus angustifolius) flour (ASLF) is unknown. This investigation examined the effect of adding ASLF to standard white bread on post-meal glycaemic, insulinaemic and satiety responses and palatability in healthy subjects. Using a randomised, single-blind, cross-over design, 11 subjects consumed one breakfast of ASLF bread and two of standard white bread >= 7 days apart after fasting overnight. Each breakfast also included margarine, jam, and tea with milk and contained 50g available carbohydrate. On each test day, blood samples were taken after fasting, then several times over 2 hours post-prandially, and analysed for plasma glucose and serum insulin. Subjects rated breakfast palatability and perception of satiety. in the fasting state and over 3 hours post-prandially, after which food intake from an ad libitum buffet and for the rest of the day was recorded. Incremental areas under the curves for glucose, insulin and satiety. glycaemic index, insulinaemic index and satiety index were calculated. ASLF addition to the breakfast reduced its glycaemic index (mean +/- SEM; ASLF bread breakfast = 74.0 +/- 9.6. Standard white bread breakfast = 100, P=0.022). raised its insulinaemic index (ASLF bread breakfast = 127.7 +/- 12.0. Standard white bread breakfast = 100 P=0.046), but did not affect palatability, satiety or food intake. ASLF addition resulted in a palatable breakfast; however, the potential benefits of the lowered glycaemic index may be eclipsed by the increased insulinaemic index.
Evaluation of the moisturizer Pedimed® in the foot care of diabetic patients; Aim. - Xerosis is one of the most common abnormalities observed in the diabetic foot, promoting ulceration through the development of fissures and hyperkeratosis. Its treatment is therefore paramount and must be implemented early on. The objective of this study was to assess the moisturizing properties of Pedimed (R) cream in the treatment of foot xerosis in diabetic patients. Methods. - In this randomized double-blind study, Pedimed (R) and its placebo were randomly allocated to the right/left foot of each patient (one active/one control side). Products were applied twice daily for 4 weeks. Xerosis was assessed using the clinical Xerosis Assessment Scale (XAS), corneometry (skin hydration measurement) and D-Squame (R) (scale sample analysis) after 14 (D14) and 28 (D28) days of treatment. Results. - Twenty-four men and 30 women, aged 57.0 +/- 12.7 years, with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and moderate-to-severe foot xerosis were included. A dramatic decrease in XAS score that was more marked with Pedimed (R) than with placebo was observed from D14 (38.1% vs 20.9%, P < 0.0001), reaching 61.9% vs 34.9% at D28 (P < 0.0001). The number of feet with fissures was greatly reduced with Pedimed (R) compared with placebo at both D14 (11.1% vs 22.2%, P = 0.031) and D28 (5.6% vs 18.5%, P = 0.039). Skin hydration increased by 48.9% with Pedimed (R) vs 31.7% with placebo at D14 (P = 0.0002), reaching 57.3% vs 36.5% at D28 (P < 0.0001). All D-Squame (R) parameters showed greater improvement with Pedimed (R). Product tolerability was excellent. Conclusion. - Validated clinical and paraclinical tools demonstrated the efficacy of Pedimed (R) in improving xerosis and reducing fissures of the feet in diabetic patients. (C) 2011 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Dairy consumption and cardiometabolic health: outcomes of a 12-month crossover trial; Background: A growing body of research suggests that regular consumption of dairy foods may counteract obesity and other components of the metabolic syndrome. However, human intervention trials are lacking. We aimed to determine the cardiometabolic health effects of increasing the consumption of reduced fat dairy foods in adults with habitually low dairy intakes in the absence of energy restriction. Methods: An intervention trial was undertaken in 61 overweight or obese adults who were randomly assigned to a high dairy diet (HD, 4 serves of reduced fat dairy/day) or a low dairy control diet (LD, <= 1 serve/day) for 6 months then crossed over to the alternate diet for a further 6 months. A range of anthropometric and cardiometabolic parameters including body composition, metabolic rate, blood lipids, blood pressure and arterial compliance were assessed at the end of each diet phase. Results: Total energy intake was 1120 kJ/day higher during the HD phase, resulting in slight weight gain during this period. However, there were no significant differences between HD and LD in absolute measures of waist circumference, body weight, fat mass or any other cardiometabolic parameter. Conclusion: Recommended intakes of reduced fat dairy products may be incorporated into the diet of overweight adults without adversely affecting markers of cardiometabolic health.
Dairy fat intake is associated with glucose tolerance, hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity, and liver fat but not β-cell function in humans; Background: Plasma phospholipid concentrations of trans-palmitoleic acid (trans-16: ln-7), a biomarker of dairy fat intake, are inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes in 2 US cohorts. Objective: The objective was to investigate whether the intake of trans-16: ln-7 in particular, or dairy fat in general, is associated with glucose tolerance and key factors determining glucose tolerance. Design: A cross-sectional investigation was undertaken in 17 men and women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and 15 body mass index (BMI)- and age-matched controls. The concentrations of trans-16:1n 7 and 2 other biomarkers of dairy fat intake, 15:0 and 17:0, were measured in plasma phospholipids and free fatty acids (FFAs). Liver fat was estimated by computed tomography derived liver-spleen ratio. Intravenous-glucose-tolerance tests and oralglucose-tolerance test (OGTT) and hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps were performed to assess beta-cell function and hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity. Results: In multivariate analyses adjusted for age, sex, and BMI, phospholipid 17:0, phospholipid trans-16:1n-7, PIA 15:0, and FFA 17:0 were inversely associated with fasting plasma glucose, the area under the curve for glucose during an OGTT, and liver fat. Phospholipid trans-16:1n 7 was also positively associated with hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity. None of the biomarkers were associated with beta-cell function. The associations between dairy fat intake and glucose tolerance were attenuated by adjusting for insulin sensitivity or liver fat, but strengthened by adjusting for beta-cell function. Conclusion: Although we cannot rule out reverse causation, these data support the hypothesis that dairy fat improves glucose tolerance, possibly through a mechanism involving improved hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity and reduced liver fat. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01289639.
Phosphodiesterase-4 Inhibition in Psoriasis; Psoriasis is a chronic immune-mediated inflammatory disorder. Phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE-4) is an enzyme that mediates inflammatory responses and plays a role in psoriasis pathogenesis. PDE-4 degrades its substrate cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) to adenosine monophosphate (AMP), which subsequently leads to the production of proinflammatory mediators. Inhibitors of PDE-4 work by blocking the degradation of cAMP, which leads to a reduction in inflammation. Apremilast is the only approved oral PDE-4 inhibitor for the treatment of psoriasis. While it is effective for some patients, it may be limited by adverse effects in others. A topical PDE-4 inhibitor, roflumilast, is being investigated in psoriasis and showing promising results. Crisaborole, a topical PDE-4 inhibitor approved for use in atopic dermatitis, has also been investigated in psoriasis. This is an updated comprehensive review to summarize the currently available evidence for the PDE-4 inhibitors apremilast, roflumilast and crisaborole in the treatment of psoriasis, with a focus on data from randomized clinical trials.
Fructose Containing Sugars at Normal Levels of Consumption Do Not Effect Adversely Components of the Metabolic Syndrome and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease; The objective of the current study was to explore our hypothesis that average consumption of fructose and fructose containing sugars would not increase risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A randomized, double blind, parallel group study was conducted where 267 individuals with BMI between 23 and 35 kg/m(2) consumed low fat sugar sweetened milk, daily for ten weeks as part of usual weight-maintenance diet. One group consumed 18% of calories from high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), another group consumed 18% of calories from sucrose, a third group consumed 9% of calories from fructose, and the fourth group consumed 9% of calories from glucose. There was a small change in waist circumference (80.9 +/- 9.5 vs. 81.5 +/- 9.5 cm) in the entire cohort, as well as in total cholesterol (4.6 +/- 1.0 vs. 4.7 +/- 1.0 mmol/L, p < 0.01), triglycerides (TGs) (11.5 +/- 6.4 vs. 12.6 +/- 8.9 mmol/L, p < 0.01), and systolic (109.2 +/- 10.2 vs. 106.1 +/- 10.4 mmHg, p < 0.01) and diastolic blood pressure (69.8 +/- 8.7 vs. 68.1 +/- 9.7 mmHg, p < 0.01). The effects of commonly consumed sugars on components of the MetS and CVD risk factors are minimal, mixed and not clinically significant.
<i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Metabolic Syndrome Risk: A Meta-Analysis; The associations between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) risk have demonstrated inconsistent results. The present study aimed to investigate whether higher circulating n-3 PUFAs and dietary n-3 PUFAs intake have a protective effect on MetS risk. A systematic literature search in the PubMed, Scopus, and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) databases was conducted up to March 2017. Odd ratios (ORs) from case-control and cross-sectional studies were combined using a random-effects model for the highest versus lowest category. The differences of n-3 PUFAs between healthy subjects and patients with MetS were calculated as weighted mean difference (WMD) by using a random-effects model. Seven case-control and 20 cross-sectional studies were included. A higher plasma/serum n-3 PUFAs was associated with a lower MetS risk (Pooled OR = 0.63, 95% CI: 0.49, 0.81). The plasma/serum n-3 PUFAs in controls was significantly higher than cases (WMD: 0.24; 95% CI: 0.04, 0.43), especially docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). However, no significant association was found between dietary intake of n-3 PUFAs or fish and MetS risk. The present study provides substantial evidence of a higher circulating n-3 PUFAs associated with a lower MetS risk. The circulating n-3 PUFAs can be regarded as biomarkers indicating MetS risk, especially DPA and DHA.
Palmitic acid feeding increases ceramide supply in association with increased milk yield, circulating nonesterified fatty acids, and adipose tissue responsiveness to a glucose challenge; Reduced insulin action is a key adaptation that facilitates glucose partitioning to the mammary gland for milk synthesis and enhances adipose tissue lipolysis during early lactation. The progressive recovery of insulin sensitivity as cows advance toward late lactation is accompanied by reductions in circulating nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and milk yield. Because palmitic acid can promote insulin resistance in monogastrics through sphingolipid ceramide-dependent mechanisms, palmitic acid (C16:0) feeding may enhance milk production by restoring homeorhetic responses. We hypothesized that feeding C16:0 to mid-lactation cows would enhance ceramide supply and ceramide would be positively associated with milk yield. Twenty multiparous mid-lactation Holstein cows were enrolled in a study consisting of a 5-d covariate, 49-d treatment, and 14-d posttreatment period. All cows were randomly assigned to a sorghum silage-based diet containing no supplemental fat (control; n = 10; 138 +/- 45 d in milk) or C16:0 at 4% of ration dry matter (PALM; 98% C16:0; n = 10; 136 +/- 44 d in milk). Blood and milk were collected at routine intervals. Liver and skeletal muscle tissue were biopsied at d 47 of treatment. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (300 mg/kg of body weight) were performed at d(-1), 24, and 49 relative to start of treatment. The plasma and tissue concentrations of ceramide and glycosylated ceramide were determined using liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry. Data were analyzed as repeated measures using a mixed model with fixed effects of treatment and time, and milk yield served as a covariate. The PALM treatment increased milk yield, energy-corrected milk, and milk fat yield. The most abundant plasma and tissue sphingolipids detected were C24:0-ceramide, C24:0-monohexosylceramide (GlcCer), and C16:0-lactosylceramide. Plasma concentrations of total ceramide and GlcCer decreased as lactation advanced, and ceramide and GlcCer were elevated in cows fed PALM. Palmitic acid feeding increased hepatic ceramide levels, a response not observed in skeletal muscle tissue. Plasma ceramides (e.g., C24:0-ceramide) were positively correlated with plasma NEFA and milk yield, and positively correlated with NEFA levels following a glucose challenge. Our data demonstrate a remodeled plasma and hepatic sphingo-lipidome in mid-lactation dairy cows fed PALM. The potential involvement in ceramide in homeorhetic nutrient partitioning to support lactation requires further consideration.
GUT MICROBIOTA, PREBIOTICS, PROBIOTICS, AND SYNBIOTICS IN ANAGEMENT OF OBESITY AND PREDIABETES: REVIEW OF RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIALS; Objective: To review the data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for the roles of microbiota, pre-, pro-and synbiotics in metabolic conditions (obesity, prediabetes, and diabetes mellitus type 2 [DM2]). Methods: Primary literature was reviewed on the topics including RCTs of pre-, pro-and synbiotics use for metabolic disease. Results: Gut bacteria (microbiota) benefit digestion and have multiple other functions. Microbiota could increase harvesting of energy from the food and cause subclinical inflammation seen in metabolic disorders. Diet-related interventions including prebiotics, probiotics, and synbiotics (combining pre-and probiotics) may benefit metabolic conditions. Prebiotics are complex carbohydrates (i.e., dietary fiber). Results of RCTs of prebiotics suggested a neutral effect on body weight, decreased fasting and postprandial glucose, and improved insulin sensitivity and lipid profile. Some inflammation markers were reduced, sometimes substantially (20-30%). RCTs for probiotics demonstrated significant but small effects on body weight (<3%) and metabolic parameters. The effect was seen mostly with fermented milk or yogurt compared to capsule form, consumption for at least 8 weeks, and use of multiple rather than a single bacterial strain. Changes in microbiota were seen at times with both pre-and probiotics. Pickled and fermented foods, particularly vegetables and beans, could serve as a dietary source of pre-, pro-, and synbiotics. These foods showed possible benefits for morbidity and mortality in prospective cohort studies. Conclusion: Pre-, pro-, and synbiotics could prove useful, but further research is needed to clarify their clinical relevance for the prevention and management of metabolic disease.
Hepatic and extrahepatic expression of serum amyloid A3 during lactation in dairy cows; Serum amyloid A3 (SAA3) is the predominant SAA isoform secreted by mammary epithelial cells in dairy cows; it is also expressed in bovine adipose tissue (AT). The adipokine SAA3 is linked to obesity and insulin resistance of AT and the respective inflammatory response, at least in mice. Dietary treatment with conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reportedly also affects insulin sensitivity and inflammatory status in monogastrics. Both SAA3 and CLA thus seem to alter similar functions. Based on changes in insulin sensitivity and the inflammatory status throughout lactation, we hypothesized that the mRNA abundance of SAA3 in various tissues might be regulated as well and that CLA could be a modulator of SAA3 mRNA expression. In 2 trials, 21 pluriparous and 25 primiparous Holstein cows were fed 100 g/d of a CLA or a control fat supplement from d 1 to 182 or 105 postpartum, respectively. Biopsies from liver and subcutaneous (s.c.) AT from pluriparous cows and samples from 3 different visceral AT and 3 s.c. AT, muscle, mammary gland, and liver tissue from slaughtered primiparous cows were obtained. In an adipocyte cell culture system, cell samples were collected during differentiation of bovine preadipocytes at d 0, 2, 6, 8, 10, 12, and 13 relative to the onset of differentiation. The SAA3 mRNA abundance in tissues and in differentiating bovine preadipocytes was measured by real-time PCR. The presence of the SAA protein was confirmed by Western blotting. Treatment with CLA yielded only few and inconsistent effects on SAA3 mRNA abundance. In both trials, SAA3 mRNA peaked at d 1 postpartum in all tissues except in mesenteric AT, in which the change was not significant. The highest SAA3 mRNA expression was observed in the mammary gland, followed by omental AT. The SAA protein was present in the visceral and s.c. AT depots investigated. Adipocytes as one source of SAA3 were confirmed by the SAA3 mRNA profile in differentiating adipocytes. The longitudinal changes observed point to SAA3 being involved in the inflammatory situation around parturition.
The Association between High Fat Diet around Gestation and Metabolic Syndrome-related Phenotypes in Rats: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Numerous rodent studies have evaluated the effects of a maternal high-fat diet (HFD) on later in life susceptibility to Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) with varying results. Our aim was to quantitatively synthesize the available data on effects of maternal HFD around gestation on offspring's body mass, body fat, plasma leptin, glucose, insulin, lipids and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Literature was screened and summary estimates of the effect of maternal HFD on outcomes were calculated by using fixed-or random-effects models. 362 effect sizes from 68 studies together with relevant moderators were collected. We found that maternal HFD is statistically associated with higher body fat, body weight, leptin, glucose, insulin and triglycerides levels, together with increased SBP in offspring later in life. Our analysis also revealed non-significant overall effect on offspring's HDL-cholesterol. A main source of variation among studies emerged from rat strain and lard-based diet type. Strain and sex -specific effects on particular data subsets were detected. Recommendations are suggested for future research in the field of developmental programming of the MetS. Despite significant heterogeneity, our meta-analysis confirms that maternal HFD had long-term metabolic effects in offspring.
Dairy products consumption and metabolic syndrome in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; The association of dairy products consumption with risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) has been inconsistently reported in observational studies. A systematic review and meta-analysis of published observational studies was conducted to quantitatively evaluate this association. Relevant studies were identified by searching PubMed and EMBASE databases and by carefully checking the bibliographies of retrieved full reports and related reviews. Eligible studies were observational studies that investigated the association between dairy products consumption and risk of MetS in adults, with risk estimates available. Random-effects model was assigned to calculate the summary risk estimates. The final analysis included 15 cross-sectional studies, one case-control study and seven prospective cohort studies. Higher dairy consumption significantly reduced MetS by 17% in the cross-sectional/case-control studies (odds ratio = 0.83, 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.73-0.94), and by 14% (relative risk [RR] = 0.86, 95% CI, 0.79-0.92) in cohort studies. The inverse dairy-MetS association was consistent in subgroup and sensitivity analyses. The dose-response analysis of the cohort studies conferred a significant 6% (RR = 0.94, 95% CI, 0.90-0.98) reduction in the risk of MetS for each increment in dairy consumption of one serving/d. No significant publication bias was observed. Our findings suggest an inverse dose-response relationship between dairy consumption and risk of MetS.
Moderate intensity treadmill exercise alters food preference via dopaminergic plasticity of ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens in obese mice; Obesity has been associated with the excessive intake of palatable food as well as physical inactivity. To investigate the neurobiological mechanism underlying the exercised-induced prevention and treatment of obesity, the present study examined the effect of treadmill exercise on the preference for palatable food in mice. Levels of tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) in the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens system were also analysed, as well as levels of dopamine, dopamine transporter, and D2 receptors in the nucleus accumbens. Forty C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into a control group (CG, n = 10) and a high-fat diet group (HG, N = 30). Mice of the HG group were fed a high-fat diet for 12 weeks in order to induce a model of obesity, following which the obese mice were randomly divided into an obese control group (OG, n =11) and an obese+ exercise group (OEG, n = 12). OEG mice received 8 weeks of treadmill exercise intervention. Our results indicate that, relative to animals in the OG group, OEG mice exhibited significant decreases in the preference for high-fat diets and insulin resistance, along with increases in the preference for sucrose and milk, TH and D2 receptor expression, and levels of dopamine in the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens system. These results suggest that moderate-intensity treadmill exercise can alter food preference in obese mice, which may be mediated by dopaminergic plasticity of the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens and enhanced insulin sensitivity. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A spread containing bioactive milk peptides Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro, and plant sterols has antihypertensive and cholesterol-lowering effects; Lifestyle intervention is recommended as the primary treatment for mild hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. We studied the effects of a spread containing bioactive milk peptides IPP and VPP, as well as plant sterols, on cardiovascular risk factors in 104 hypertensive, hypercholesterolemic subjects in a randomised, placebo-controlled double-blind intervention. Middle-aged subjects consumed 20 g day(-1) of a spread containing 4.2 mg of IPP and VPP as well as 2 g of plant sterols for 10 weeks after a 2 week run-in period. Blood pressure was measured at home 3 times a week. Office blood pressure and 24 h ambulatory blood pressure measurements were performed at the end of the run-in and intervention periods. Blood samples were analysed for serum lipids, plasma glucose and inflammation markers. A significant decrease (-4.1 mmHg vs. -0.5 mmHg, p = 0.007) in systolic blood pressure was seen in the active group, compared to placebo at home measurements. Office blood pressure and 24 h nighttime or daytime ambulatory systolic or diastolic pressure did not differ between the groups. Total (-0.16 vs. 0.25 mmol l(-1), p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (-0.16 vs. 0.18 mmol l(-1), p = 0.006) decreased significantly in the active group compared to the placebo. No significant differences between groups were seen for plasma glucose or inflammation markers. The results thus suggest that milk peptides IPP and VPP and plant sterols, in a low-fat spread matrix, produce a clinically significant reduction in systolic blood pressure as well as serum total and LDL cholesterol without adverse effects. Functional foods that affect 2 major risk factors offer a safe and convenient way to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease by supporting lifestyle intervention.
Oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy and lactation: A paradigm shift?; OBJECTIVE: To provide information on the use of oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy and breast-feeding. DATA SOURCES: Primary articles were identified by a MEDLINE search (1966 March 2007) using the MeSH headings: pregnancy in diabetics, pregnancy, polycystic ovary syndrome, hypoglycemic agents, glipizide, glyburide, metformin, rosiglitazone, pioglitazone, clinical trial, controlled clinical trial, multicenter study, randomized controlled trial, case-control studies, and cohort studies. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All studies using oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy were evaluated and relevant data were included in the discussion. DATA SYNTHESIS: Studies of glyburide and glipizide have found little or no transfer of these drugs across the placenta, whereas metformin and rosiglitazone cross readily. Animal studies have found no evidence to suggest that glyburide, glipizide, metformin, or rosiglitazone are teratogenic. In gestational diabetes, glyburide was safe and efficacious; however, 16-19% of women failed to achieve optimal glucose control. No developmental toxicity in infants was observed when metformin was used before and throughout pregnancy in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Some of the studies involving patients with type 2 diabetes had methodological problems. A randomized controlled trial using metformin for gestational diabetes in the third trimester is underway. The human information is inadequate to evaluate the risk of glipizide or the thiazolidinediones in pregnancy. In breast milk, 3 studies measured nonsignificant amounts of metformin and one study was unable to detect either glyburide or glipizide. CONCLUSIONS: Neither glyburide nor metformin has caused developmental toxicity in humans. Glyburide has been used for the treatment of gestational diabetes, and metformin has been used in women with PCOS who eventually became pregnant. Additional trials are needed to better define the benefits and risks of oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy. Metformin, glyburide, and glipizide appear to be compatible with breast-feeding.
The effect of probiotics supplementation on blood pressure: a systemic review and meta-analysis; Background Fermented milk has over the last decade been intensively studied because of the putative antihypertensive effect. The aim of our study is to investigate the role of probiotics support therapy in blood pressure and, as a kind of convenient and economic drugs for prevention and auxiliary treatment of hypertension. Materials and methods We performed a systemic review and meta-analysis to examine the effect of probiotics consumption on blood pressure. Databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE, Clinical trials, CNKI and the Cochrane library were searched. Also, the grey literature and references were searched. Results Twenty-three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2037 participants met the inclusion criteria and were included. Probiotic consumption significantly changed systolic blood pressure (SBP) by - 3.05 mmHg (95%CI: - 4.67, - 1.44; P < 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) by - 1.51 mmHg (95%CI: - 2.38, - 0.65; P = 0.001). Subgroup analysis indicated that the benefit effect of probiotics supplementation in SBP was only observed in hypertension [weight mean difference (WMD) = - 3.31 mmHg, 95%CI: - 5.71, - 0.92; P = 0.007] or type 2 diabetes (WMD = -4.85 mmHg, 95%CI: - 9.28, - 0.42; P = 0.032) patients, and the decreased DBP level by probiotics supplementation was only observed in hypertension patients (WMD = -2.02 mmHg, 95%CI: - 3.68, - 0.36; P = 0.017).This effect could only last for a short-term time of 8 or 10 weeks, but not for a long-term time. Conclusion This meta-analysis found a moderate and statistically significant reduction for either SBP or DBP with probiotics supplement compared with controls. Thus, probiotics is a potential for the dietary treatment of hypertension.
Dairy and industrial sources of <i>trans</i> fat do not impair peripheral insulin sensitivity in overweight women; Background: The 2 major dietary sources of trans fatty acids (TFAs) are partially hydrogenated oils and ruminant-derived products. Epidemiologic data suggest that chronic consumption of industrial sources of TFAs could be damaging to insulin sensitivity, but intervention studies on this issue have remained inconclusive. Objective: The trial was designed to compare the effects of dairy compared with industrial sources of TFAs on insulin sensitivity in overweight women. Design: Sixty-three healthy women with abdominal obesity [waist circumference > 88 cm and a body mass index (in kg/m(2)) > 28] were recruited. After a run-in period, the volunteers were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 four-week diets: 60 g low-TFA lipids/d (0.54 g/d; n = 21), ruminant TFA-rich lipids (4.86 g/d; n = 21), or industrial TFA-rich lipids (5.58 g/d; n = 21). Changes in peripheral insulin sensitivity were assessed by using hyperinsulinemiceuglycemic clamps. Results: After the intervention period, fasting glycemia and insulinemia and insulin sensitivity were not significantly modified in either group (P > 0.05). Conclusions: These data indicate that consumption of dairy- and industrial-source TFAs for 4 wk at nutritional levels do not impair peripheral insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant women. Our study may not preassess the effects of TFAs in normal insulin-sensitive individuals. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00617435. Am J Clin Nutr 2009;90:88-94.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> NCFM on insulin sensitivity and the systemic inflammatory response in human subjects; According to animal studies, intake of probiotic bacteria may improve glucose homeostasis. We hypothesised that probiotic bacteria improve insulin sensitivity by attenuating systemic inflammation. Therefore, the effects of oral supplementation with the probiotic bacterium Lactobacillus acidophilus NCFM on insulin sensitivity and the inflammatory response were investigated in subjects with normal or impaired insulin sensitivity. In a double-blinded, randomised fashion, forty-five males with type 2 diabetes, impaired or normal glucose tolerance were enrolled and allocated to a 4-week treatment course with either L. acidophilus NCFM or placebo. L. acidophilus was detected in stool samples by denaturating gradient gel electrophoresis and real-time PCR. Separated by the 4-week intervention period, two hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamps were performed to estimate insulin sensitivity. Furthermore, the systemic inflammatory response was evaluated by subjecting the participants to Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide injection (0.3 ng/kg) before and after the treatment course. L. acidophilus NCFM was detected in 75% of the faecal samples after treatment with the probiotic bacterium. Insulin sensitivity was preserved among volunteers in the L. acidophilus NCFM group, whereas it decreased in the placebo group. Both baseline inflammatory markers and the systemic inflammatory response were, however, unaffected by the intervention. In conclusion, intake of L. acidophilus NCFM for 4 weeks preserved insulin sensitivity compared with placebo, but did not affect the systemic inflammatory response.
A randomized clinical trial of efficacy and safety of the topical clonidine and capsaicin in the treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy; Background: Incomplete efficiency of oral medications restricts their therapeutic success in pain control of the painful form of the diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN). Use of topical medications because of less systemic side effects is more acceptable. This study aimed to compare the effect of clonidine gel and capsaicin cream in relieving pain associated with DPN. Materials and Methods: This 12-week, randomized, double-blind and parallel-group trial was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of topical clonidine and capsaicin. Totally, 139 patients with type 2 diabetes with a pain score of at least 4 as assessed by visual analog scale (VAS), were treated for up to 3 months. The endpoint of the study was the reduction in the median pain score from baseline, as assessed by the VAS at the 4 weekly follow-up visits. Results: The intention-to-treat population for the efficacy analysis consists of 69 patients receiving clonidine and 70 patients receiving capsaicin. Both drugs significantly relieved pain at 12 weeks (P < 0.001 for both) but no significant difference in the efficacy between the two treatments was observed (P = 0.931). Dermatologic complications were more common in capsaicin group (P = 0.001). Conclusion: The results of this study showed the comparable efficacy of clonidine gel in comparison with capsaicin cream in the treatment of pain due to DPN with less adverse events. More studies are required to better evaluate the efficacy and safety of this topical compound for relieving pain in DPN.
Home delivery of dietary products in inherited metabolic disorders reduces prescription and dispensing errors; In the UK, for patients with inherited metabolic disorders (IMD) the traditional system for acquiring essential dietary products [patient prompted prescriptions generated by a medical general practitioner (GP) and dispensed by a chemist] is problematic. Objective To investigate the efficacy of a home delivery service (HDS) for essential dietary products (EDP) (i.e. protein substitutes, milk replacements, energy and vitamin and mineral supplements) for subjects with IMD, particularly examining any prescription and dispensing errors, metabolic control and consumer satisfaction. Methods A prospective, controlled, home delivery trial for EDP was conducted in patients with IMD for 12 months. Sixty-two patients with IMD [50 with phenylketonuria (PKU); 12 with other IMD: aged 6 months-30 years] were recruited. Thirty subjects used a monthly HDS (Homeward: Nutricia) to receive EDP, 32 remained on the traditional system. Each month, the HDS checked home stock levels of EDP, obtained their prescriptions directly from GP's, and then delivered them to the subjects' homes. An independent researcher completed monthly telephone interviews with patients/parents about any EDP prescription errors or delay in receipt. Results Incorrect protein substitute was dispensed once by the HDS compared with nine subjects who had 12 errors in the control group (P = 0.01); incorrect flavours of protein substitute were dispensed to the home delivery group once compared with eight subjects getting 11 errors via the chemist (P = 0.03). The HDS delayed delivery of protein substitute for one subject on three occasions compared with 39 occasions in 16 subjects via the chemist (P = 0.001). In patients with PKU, plasma phenylalanine control deteriorated in the control group (P < 0.05) but not in the HDS group. Conclusion The long-term use of a HDS for EDP in IMD is safer, effective and more reliable than conventional systems.
Eating behavior modulates the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment: a secondary analysis of a randomized trial; Aims: We investigated if individuals with higher emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the effects of a GLP-1RA on central responses to food cues. Additionally, we investigated the associations of higher external and restraint eating scores with the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1RA. Methods: This secondary analysis of a randomized crossover study in people with obesity and type 2 diabetes, consisted of two periods of 12-week treatment with liraglutide or insulin glargine. Using functional MRI, we assessed the relation between baseline eating behavior and the effects of the GLP-1RA liraglutide compared with insulin after 10 days and 12 weeks of treatment on brain responses to food cues. Results: After 10 days, higher emotional eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the amygdala, insula and caudate nucleus. In addition, higher emotional eating scores tended to be associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA increases in brain responses to chocolate milk receipt in the caudate nucleus and insula. After 12 weeks, there were no significant associations between emotional eating scores and liraglutide-induced changes in brain responses to food cues. After 10 days, baseline external eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain re-sponses to food pictures in the insula, amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex. After 12 weeks, baseline restraint eating scores were associated with more GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula and caudate nucleus, and with more GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to the anticipation of chocolate milk in the caudate nucleus. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that individuals with higher baseline emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the central effect of GLP-1RA treatment. Additionally, external eating may also decrease, whereas restraint eating may increase the sensitivity to the treatment effects of GLP-1RAs. These insights may help to optimize treatment strategies for obesity and to select patient groups with better efficacy of GLP-1RA treatment.
Physiological effects beyond the significant gain in muscle mass in sarcopenic elderly men: evidence from a randomized clinical trial using a protein-rich food; Background: Sarcopenia is strongly associated with an inadequate intake of dietary protein. Dietary protein supplementation boosts muscle-protein synthesis and increases muscle mass in the elderly. This study tested whether adding a protein-rich food, ricotta cheese, to the habitual diet increased total appendicular skeletal muscle mass and strength in elderly people. Methods: Participants (n = 40), were sarcopenic elderly men and women over 60 years of age. Two comparison groups were formed at random and followed for 3 months: the intervention group received 210 g/day of ricotta cheese plus the habitual diet, while the control group followed the habitual diet with no additional intervention. Total appendicular skeletal muscle (TASM) was assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, while strength was measured using a handheld dynamometer at baseline and after the intervention period. The primary outcomes were the percentage of relative change in TASM and strength. Results: The percentage of relative change in TASM was not significant between the groups after the intervention period. Muscle strength improved in the intervention group, but showed only a tendency towards significance (P = 0.06). Secondary analysis showed that the men in the intervention group gained 270 g in TASM compared to those in the control group, and improved their fasting insulin levels (P = 0.05), muscle strength, lean body mass in the arms, and body weight variables. Conclusion: The results of this study indicate that a nutritional intervention using a high-quality protein food, specifically ricotta cheese, in order to increase the amount of protein intake might not be regarded as fully promising in elderly men and women with sarcopenia. However, the gender effects on muscle strength, lean tissue in the arms, homeostatic assessment of insulin resistance, and body weight detected in this study suggest that additional research is needed on elderly male subjects with sarcopenia.
The Effect of Canola Oil on Body Weight and Composition: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Clinical Trials; A number of clinical trials have examined the effect of canola oil (CO) on body composition in recent years; however, the results have been inconsistent. The present investigation aims to examine the effect of CO on body weight (BW) and body composition using a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials. Online databases including PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched up to February, 2018 for randomized controlled clinical trials that examined the effect of CO on anthropometric measures and body composition indexes in adults. The Cochrane Collaboration's tool was used to assess the risk of bias in individual studies. A random-effects model was used to evaluate the effect of CO consumption on several outcomes: BW, body mass index, waist circumference, hip circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, android-to-gynoid ratio, and body lean and fat mass. In total, 25 studies were included in the systematic review. The meta-analysis revealed that CO consumption reduces BW [weighted mean difference (WMD)=-0.30 kg; 95% CI: -0.52, -0.08 kg, P = 0.007; n = 23 effect sizes], particularly in participants with type 2 diabetes (WMD = -0.63 kg; 95% CI: -1.09, -0.17 kg, P = 0.007), in studies with a parallel design (WMD = -0.49 kg; 95% CI: -0.85, -0.14 kg, P = 0.006), in nonfeeding trials (WMD = -0.32 kg; 95% CI: -0.55, -0.09 kg, P = 0.006), and when compared with saturated fat (WMD = -0.40 kg; 95% CI: -0.74, -0.06 kg, P = 0.019). CO consumption did not significantly affect any other anthropometric measures or body fat markers (P > 0.05). Although CO consumption results in a modest decrease in BW, no significant effect was observed on other adiposity indexes. Further well-constructed clinical trials that target BW and body composition as their primary outcomes are needed.
Postprandial blood cell transcriptomics in response to the ingestion of dairy products by healthy individuals; The aim of this intervention study was to measure genome-wide postprandial gene expression in human blood cells after the ingestion of a single serving of milk, to identify the downstream physiological processes regulated by the differentially expressed genes, and to use this gene expression signature as a reference to compare it with the response following the ingestion of a transformed dairy product, namely, yogurt. We conducted a randomized, controlled, single-blinded, crossover study on six healthy male individuals. After an overnight fast, 540 g of milk or yogurt was ingested by the subjects. Blood samples were collected before (0 h) and after (2 h/4 h/6 h) ingestion, and the blood cell transcriptome was analyzed using a linear kinetic analysis that increases the statistical power of the study. The differentially expressed transcripts identified after the ingestion of milk (575 transcripts) and yogurt (625 transcripts) modulated similar biological processes. In particular, genes involved in protein biosynthesis and mitochondrial activities followed biphasic kinetics being down-regulated at 2 h and more pronouncedly up-regulated at 6 h. The opposite kinetics were observed for inflammatory and apoptotic processes during the same time frame. The human blood cell transcriptome appeared to be specifically modulated by specific nutrients present in bovine milk, a property that was further modified when milk was fermented to yogurt. The coordinated changes in postprandial expression of genes involved in basic biological processes suggest that postprandial blood cell transcriptomics may allow insight into the nutritional effects of selected foods in the prevention or development of chronic metabolic and inflammatory disorders. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Determinants of metabolic syndrome (MetS) amongst persons living in Dibrugarh District of Assam; Problem considered: As India is considered as the diabetic capital of world, a huge burden of undiagnosed metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a possibility. Early intervention can be planned if MetS can be detected early to avert cardiovascular morbidities. Aims: To assess determinants of MetS amongst population living in Dibrugarh District of Assam. Methods: Community based cross-sectional study conducted in Dibrugarh District of Assam, with multistep sampling. Study area, i.e., four rural sub-centres and two urban electoral blocks, were selected randomly. From the list of population of selected area the consenting eligible were included. Sample size was 1700 population with MetS. Socio-demographic information, World Health Organization's Steps questionnaire for behavioural risk factors along with dietary history, anthropometric assessment and laboratory investigations were conducted in three stages. Statistical analysis used: rates, ratio, proportion, univariate and multivariate analysis. Results: MetS was 47.6% (1606 of 3372 screened) and mean age 47.1 +/- 10.9 years. Univariate analysis showed educational status, occupation, family history of hypertension and diabetes, tobacco and alcohol consumption, financial stress, depression, less physical activity, more consumption of meat, fish, egg, diary products, and high-energy food significantly associated with MetS. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed age, education, occupation, computer owner (OR: 3.69, CI: 2.10-6.47, p = 0.000), family history of diabetes (OR: 3.18, CI: 2.10-6.47, p = 0.000), stress (OR: 1.85, CI: 1.45-2.35, p = 0.000), consuming dairy product = 3 times/week (OR: 2.57, CI: 1.68-3.94, p = 0.000) and nuts and oilseed <3 times/week (OR: 2.37, CI: 1.90-2.96, p = 0.000) have significant association. Conclusions: Risk factors of cardiovascular diseases were rampant amongst persons with MetS. Screening for risk factors amongst them can give opportunity for early intervention. (C) 2016 INDIACLEN. Published by Elsevier, a division of RELX India, Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
Genetic parameters for body weight from birth to calving and associations between weights with test-day, health, and female fertility traits; A data set including 57,868 records for calf birth weight (CABW) and 9,462 records for weight at first insemination (IBW) were used for the estimation of direct and maternal genetic effects in Holstein Friesian dairy cattle. Furthermore, CABW and IBW were correlated with test-day production records and health traits in first-lactation cows, and with nonreturn rates in heifers. Health traits considered overall disease categories from the International Committee for Animal Recording diagnosis key, including the general disease status, diarrhea, respiratory diseases, mastitis, claw disorders, female fertility disorders, and metabolic disorders. For single-trait measurements of CABW and IBW, animal models with maternal genetic effects were applied. The direct heritability was 0.47 for CABW and 0.20 for IBW, and the direct genetic correlation between CABW and IBW was 0.31. A moderate maternal heritability (0.19) was identified for CABW, but the maternal genetic effect was close to zero for IBW. The correlation between direct and maternal genetic effects was antagonistic for CABW (-0.39) and for IBW (-0.24). In bivariate animal models, only weak genetic and phenotypic correlations were identified between CABW and IBW with either test-day production or health traits in early lactation. Apart from metabolic disorders, there was a general tendency for increasing disease susceptibilities with increasing CABW. The genetic correlation between IBW and nonreturn rates in heifers after 56 d and after 90 d was slightly positive (0.18), but close to zero when correlating nonreturn rates with CABW. For the longitudinal BW structure from birth to the age of 24 mo, random regression models with the time-dependent covariate "age in months" were applied. Evaluation criteria (Bayesian information criterion and residual variances) suggested Legendre polynomials of order 3 to modeling the longitudinal body weight (BW) structure. Direct heritabilities around birth and insemination dates were slightly larger than estimates for CABW and IBW from the single-trait models, but maternal heritabilities were exactly the same from both models. Genetic correlations between BW were close to 1 for neighboring age classes, but decreased with increasing time spans. The genetic correlation between BW at d 0 (birth date) and at 24 mo was even negative (-0.20). Random regression model estimates confirmed the antagonistic relationship between direct and maternal genetic effects, especially during calfhood. This study based on a large data set in dairy cattle confirmed genetic parameters and (co) variance components for BW as identified in beef cattle populations. However, BW records from an early stage of life were inappropriate early predictors for dairy cow health and productivity.
Endogenous GLP1 and GLP1 analogue alter CNS responses to palatable food consumption; Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP1) affects appetite, supposedly mediated via the central nervous system (CNS). In this study, we investigate whether modulation of CNS responses to palatable food consumption may be a mechanism by which GLP1 contributes to the central regulation of feeding. Using functional MRI, we determined the effects of endogenous GLP1 and treatment with the GLP1 analogue liraglutide on CNS activation to chocolate milk receipt. Study 1 included 20 healthy lean individuals and 20 obese patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Scans were performed on two occasions: during infusion of the GLP1 receptor antagonist exendin 9-39 (blocking actions of endogenous GLP1) and during placebo infusion. Study 2 was a randomised, cross-over intervention study carried out in 20 T2DM patients, comparing treatment with liraglutide to insulin, after 10 days and 12 weeks. Compared with lean individuals, T2DM patients showed reduced activation to chocolate milk in right insula (P = 0.04). In lean individuals, blockade of endogenous GLP1 effects inhibited activation in bilateral insula (P <= 0.03). Treatment in T2DM with liraglutide, vs insulin, increased activation to chocolate milk in right insula and caudate nucleus after 10 days (P <= 0.03); however, these effects ceased to be significant after 12 weeks. Our findings in healthy lean individuals indicate that endogenous GLP1 is involved in the central regulation of feeding by affecting central responsiveness to palatable food consumption. In obese T2DM, treatment with liraglutide may improve the observed deficit in responsiveness to palatable food, which may contribute to the induction of weight loss observed during treatment. However, no long-term effects of liraglutide were observed.
Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration in subjects with metabolic syndrome: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial (SYSDIET); At northern latitudes, vitamin D is not synthesized endogenously during winter, causing low plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations. Therefore, we evaluated the effects of a healthy Nordic diet based on Nordic nutrition recommendations (NNR) on plasma 25(OH)D and explored its dietary predictors. In a Nordic multi-centre trial, subjects (n = 213) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to a control or a healthy Nordic diet favouring fish (a parts per thousand yen300 g/week, including a parts per thousand yen200 g/week fatty fish), whole-grain products, berries, fruits, vegetables, rapeseed oil and low-fat dairy products. Plasma 25(OH)D and parathyroid hormone were analysed before and after 18- to 24-week intervention. At baseline, 45 % had vitamin D inadequacy (< 50 nmol/l), whereas 8 % had deficiency (< 25 nmol/l). Dietary vitamin D intake was increased by the healthy Nordic diet (P < 0.001). The healthy Nordic and the control diet reduced the prevalence of vitamin D inadequacy by 42 % (P < 0.001) and 19 % (P = 0.002), respectively, without between-group difference (P = 0.142). Compared with control, plasma 25(OH)D (P = 0.208) and parathyroid hormone (P = 0.207) were not altered by the healthy Nordic diet. Predictors for 25(OH)D were intake of vitamin D, eicosapentaenoic acids (EPA), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), vitamin D supplement, plasma EPA and plasma DHA. Nevertheless, only vitamin D intake and season predicted the 25(OH)D changes. Consuming a healthy Nordic diet based on NNR increased vitamin D intake but not plasma 25(OH)D concentration. The reason why fish consumption did not improve vitamin D status might be that many fish are farmed and might contain little vitamin D or that frying fish may result in vitamin D extraction. Additional ways to improve vitamin D status in Nordic countries may be needed.
Postprandial Plasma Phospholipids in Men Are Influenced by the Source of Dietary Fat; Background: Postprandial lipemia represents a risk factor for chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes. Little is known about the effect of dietary fat on the plasma lipidome in the postprandial period. Objective: The objective of this study was to assess the effect of dairy fat and soy oil on circulating postprandial lipids in men. Methods: Men (40-60 y old, nonsmokers; n = 16) were randomly assigned in a crossover design to consume 2 breakfast meals of dairy-based or soy oil-based foods. The changes in the plasma lipidome during the 4-h postprandial period were analyzed with electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry and included 316 lipid species in 23 classes and subclasses, representing sphingolipids, phospholipids, glycerolipids, and sterols. Results: Nonparametric Friedman tests showed significant changes in multiple plasma lipid classes, subclasses, and species in the postprandial period after both dairy and soy meals. No difference was found in triglyceridemia after each meal. However, 6 endogenous lipid classes increased after dairy but decreased after soy (P < 0.05), including ether-linked phospholipids and plasmalogens and sphingomyelin (not present in soy), dihexosylceramide, and G(M3) ganglioside. Phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylinositol were not affected by the soy meal but were significantly elevated after the dairy meal (8.3% and 16%, respectively; P < 0.05). Conclusions: The changes in postprandial plasma phospholipids in men relate to the diet composition and the relative size of the endogenous phospholipid pools. Despite similar lipemic responses as measured by changes in triglyceride concentrations, the differential responses to dairy and soy meals derived through lipidomic analysis of phospholipids suggest differences in the metabolism of soybean oil and dairy fat. The increased concentrations of plasmalogens, with potential antioxidant capacity, in the postprandial period after dairy but not soy meals may represent a further important difference in the response to these sources of fat. The trial was registered at www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12610000562077.
Cow's Milk and Dairy Consumption: Is There Now Consensus for Cardiometabolic Health?; Cow's milk and dairy products derived from this complex food source have long been proposed as beneficial to human health, yet underlying clinical evidence of direct benefit continues to raise controversy. Limited evidence supports positive cardiometabolic effects of a number of dairy macro- and micronutrient components including whey protein and casein, unsaturated fats, milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) and polar phospholipids, vitamin D and calcium, in addition to non-bovine components including bacterial and yeast probiotics. More controversial remain lipid components trans fats, including trans vaccenic acid, trans palmitoleic acid, and conjugated cis trans linoleic acid (CLA), plus medium-chain and odd-chain dairy fats. New evidence is rapidly identifying multiple pathways by which these dairy nutrients may effect health. Processing, including fermentation and homogenization, may also have positive effects. Conversely, the high saturated fat content of dairy has long raised concern, aligned with international guidelines to minimize dietary intake of animal-origin saturated fatty acids (SFA) to achieve better cardiometabolic health. However, led in part by observational studies and meta-analyses showing dairy to have no or even an inverse association with cardiometabolic health, evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) has been scrutinized over the last 5 years, and focus on low-fat dairy has been challenged. Recent evidence supports the hypothesis that adverse effects of SFAs on metabolic health may be ameliorated when these fats are consumed within a complex matrix such as milk, cheese or yogurt, and that dairy food categories may influence outcomes as much as total fat content. For example, yogurt and high-fat, high-SFA cheese have a negative association with risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in many, not all, published trials. However, large sample dairy RCTs of long duration with CVD or T2D incidence as primary endpoints are lacking. This is a clear research gap, with these clinical studies required if a causative link between dairy and improved cardiometabolic health is to be confirmed and in turn promoted through dietary guidelines. Current advisories from national guidance groups such as American Heart Association (AHA) and European Society of Cardiology (ESC) continue to promote consumption of low-fat dairy products, whilst liquid milk and yogurt remain part of nutrition guidelines from joint American Diabetes Association (ADA)/European Association for Study of Diabetes (EASD) reports, and as part of a "no-one-size-fits-all" answer to diet and T2D by the ADA in their most recent 2019 Consensus Report.
<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055 reduces postprandial and fasting serum non-esterified fatty acid levels in Japanese hypertriacylglycerolemic subjects; Background: Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) inhibits dietary fat absorption in rats and exerts preventive effects on abdominal adiposity in rats and humans. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of LG2055 on postprandial serum lipid responses in Japanese subjects with hypertriacylglycerolemia after the intake of oral fat-loading test (OFLT) meals. Methods: We conducted a single-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject, repeated-measure intervention trial. Twenty subjects initially ingested the fermented milk (FM) without LG2055 for 4 weeks (control FM period), followed by a 4-week washout period, and then consumed FM containing LG2055 for 4 weeks (active FM period). The subjects were asked to consume FM at 200 g/day. At the end of each 4-week period, an 8-h OFLT was conducted. Blood samples were collected at fasting and every hour for 8 h after OFLT meal intake. Thereafter, postprandial serum non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and triacylglycerol (TAG) levels and fasting blood parameters were measured. Results: The OFLT showed that the postprandial serum NEFA levels from 120 to 480 min and the postprandial serum TAG level at 120 min in the active FM period were significantly (P < 0.05) lower than those in the control FM period. The fasting serum NEFA level in the active FM period significantly (P < 0.001) decreased at week 4 from the initial period compared with the control FM period. Conclusions: The consumption of probiotic LG2055 reduced postprandial and fasting serum NEFA levels, suggesting its possible contribution to the reduction of the risk for obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Reprint of: Dietary fat and fatty foods in the prevention of non-communicable diseases: A review of the evidence; Background: Reducing the intake of total fat, saturated fatty acids (SFA) and dietary cholesterol was a cornerstone of dietary guidance in past decades. This emphasis shifted recently from lowering the intake of total fat to focusing on the quality of dietary fat intake, the avoidance of industrial trans-fatty acids (TFA), and the substitution of SFA with unsaturated fatty acids. There is also a trend towards investigating diet-disease associations of fatty foods rather than nutrients. Scope and approach: We aimed to summarize comprehensively the currently available evidence for total dietary fat, fat quality, and fatty foods such as butter, vegetable oils, nuts and seeds on risk of non-communicable diseases including cardiovascular disease (and its risk factors), cancer, type 2 diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases. Key findings and conclusions: The findings from systematic reviews of prospective observational studies, which often compared extreme intake categories, found mainly no association of total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and SFA with risk of non-communicable diseases. Systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials indicate that SFA and/or TFA substitution with MUFA and/or PUFA improves blood lipids and markers of glycemic control (observed only for SFA replacement), with the effect of PUFA being more pronounced. A higher intake of total TFA was associated increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In line with current dietary guidelines, the available published evidence deems it reasonable to recommend replacement of SFA with MUFA and PUFA and avoidance of consumption of industrial TFA.
Daily Consumption of Chocolate Rich in Flavonoids Decreases Cellular Genotoxicity and Improves Biochemical Parameters of Lipid and Glucose Metabolism; In recent years, the incidence of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes has increased largely worldwide. In the present work, we evaluated the genoprotective effect of the consumption of flavonoids-rich chocolate on 84 young volunteers. Biochemical indicators related to the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular risk and metabolic syndrome were also determined. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study was performed in the Autonomous University of Baja California. The treatments comprised the daily consumption of either 2 g of dark chocolate containing 70% cocoa, or 2 g of milk chocolate, for 6 months. The total amount of phenolic compounds and flavonoids was determined in both types of chocolate. Anthropometrical and Biochemical parameters were recorded prior to and after the study. The evaluation of the genotoxicity in buccal epithelial cells was performed throughout the duration of the study. Flavonoids from cocoa in dark chocolate significantly prevented DNA damage, and improved the nucleus integrity of cells. This effect could be related to the antioxidant capacity of the dark chocolate that decreased cellular stress. Biochemical parameters (total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL-cholesterol level in blood) and anthropometrical parameters (waist circumference) were improved after six months of daily intake of 2 g of dark chocolate with a 70% of cocoa.
Dietary intake of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and changes in body weight in European adults; Purpose Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) can be formed in foods by the reaction of reducing sugars with proteins, and have been shown to induce insulin resistance and obesity in experimental studies. We examined the association between dietary AGEs intake and changes in body weight in adults over an average of 5 years of follow-up. Methods A total of 255,170 participants aged 25-70 years were recruited in ten European countries (1992-2000) in the PANACEA study (Physical Activity, Nutrition, Alcohol, Cessation of smoking, Eating out of home in relation to Anthropometry), a sub-cohort of the EPIC (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition). Body weight was measured at recruitment and self-reported between 2 and 11 years later depending on the study center. A reference database for AGEs was used containing UPLC-MS/MS-measured N-epsilon-(carboxymethyl)-lysine (CML), N-epsilon-(1-carboxyethyl)-lysine (CEL), and N-delta-(5-hydro-5-methyl-4-imidazolon-2-yl)-ornithine (MG-H1) in 200 common European foods. This reference database was matched to foods and decomposed recipes obtained from country-specific validated dietary questionnaires in EPIC and intake levels of CEL, CML, and MG-H1 were estimated. Associations between dietary AGEs intake and body weight change were estimated separately for each of the three AGEs using multilevel mixed linear regression models with center as random effect and dietary AGEs intake and relevant confounders as fixed effects. Results A one-SD increment in CEL intake was associated with 0.111 kg (95% CI 0.087-0.135) additional weight gain over 5 years. The corresponding additional weight gain for CML and MG-H1 was 0.065 kg (0.041-0.089) and 0.034 kg (0.012, 0.057), respectively. The top six food groups contributing to AGEs intake, with varying proportions across the AGEs, were cereals/cereal products, meat/processed meat, cakes/biscuits, dairy, sugar and confectionary, and fish/shellfish. Conclusion In this study of European adults, higher intakes of AGEs were associated with marginally greater weight gain over an average of 5 years of follow-up.
Consumption of Yogurt, Low-Fat Milk, and Other Low-Fat Dairy Products Is Associated with Lower Risk of Metabolic Syndrome Incidence in an Elderly Mediterranean Population; Background: The association between consumption of dairy products and the risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) is unclear. Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the associations between consumption of dairy products (total and different subtypes) and incident MetS in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular disease risk. Methods: We prospectively analyzed 1868 men and women (55-80 y old) without MetS at baseline, recruited from different PREDIMED (PrevenciOn con Dieta Mediterranea) centers between October 2003 and June 2009 and followed up until December 2010. MetS was defined according to updated, harmonized criteria. At baseline and yearly thereafter, we determined anthropometric variables, dietary habits by.a 137-item validated food-frequency questionnaire, and blood biochemistry. Multivariable-adjusted H Rs of MetS or its components were estimated for each of the 2 upper tertiles (vs. the lowest one) of mean consumption of dairy products during the follow-up. Results: During a median follow-up of 3.2 y, we documented 930 incident MetS cases. In the multivariable-adjusted model, HRs (95% Cls) of MetS for the comparison of extreme tertiles of dairy product consumption were 0.72 (0.61, 0.86) for low-fat dairy, 0.73 (0.62, 0.86) for low-fat yogurt, 0.78 (0.66, 0.92) for whole-fat yogurt, and 0.80 (0.67, 0.95) for low-fat milk. The respective HR for cheese was 1.31 (1.10, 1.56). Conclusions: Higher consumption of low-fat dairy products, yogurt (total, low-fat, and whole-fat yogurt) and low-fat milk was associated with a reduced risk of MetS in individuals at high cardiovascular disease risk from a Mediterranean population. Conversely, higher consumption of cheese was related to a higher risk of MetS. This trial was registered at controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639.
Associations of dairy and fiber intake with circulating odd-chain fatty acids in post-myocardial infarction patients; Background Circulating odd-chain fatty acids pentadecanoic (15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (17:0) are considered to reflect dairy intake. In cohort studies, higher circulating 15:0 and 17:0 were associated with lower type 2 diabetes risk. A recent randomized controlled trial in humans suggested that fiber intake also increased circulating 15:0 and 17:0, potentially resulting from fermentation by gut microbes. We examined the associations of dairy and fiber intake with circulating 15:0 and 17:0 in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI). Methods We performed cross-sectional analyses in a subsample of 869 Dutch post-MI patients of the Alpha Omega Cohort who had data on dietary intake and circulating fatty acids. Dietary intakes (g/d) were assessed using a 203-item food frequency questionnaire. Circulating 15:0 and 17:0 (as % of total fatty acids) were measured in plasma phospholipids (PL) and cholesteryl esters (CE). Spearman correlations (r(s)) were computed between intakes of total dairy, dairy fat, fiber, and circulating 15:0 and 17:0. Results Patients were on average 69 years old, 78% was male and 21% had diabetes. Total dairy intake comprised predominantly milk and yogurt (69%). Dairy fat was mainly derived from cheese (47%) and milk (15%), and fiber was mainly from grains (43%). Circulating 15:0 in PL was significantly correlated with total dairy and dairy fat intake (both r(s) = 0.19, p < 0.001), but not with dietary fiber intake (r(s) = 0.05, p = 0.11). Circulating 17:0 in PL was correlated both with dairy intake (r(s) = 0.14 for total dairy and 0.11 for dairy fat, p < 0.001), and fiber intake (r(s) = 0.19, p < 0.001). Results in CE were roughly similar, except for a weaker correlation of CE 17:0 with fiber (r(s) = 0.11, p = 0.001). Circulating 15:0 was highest in those with high dairy intake irrespective of fiber intake, while circulating 17:0 was highest in those with high dairy and fiber intake. Conclusions In our cohort of post-MI patients, circulating 15:0 was associated with dairy intake but not fiber intake, whereas circulating 17:0 was associated with both dairy and fiber intake. These data suggest that cardiometabolic health benefits previously attributed to 17:0 as a biomarker of dairy intake may partly be explained by fiber intake.
Dietary Calcium Intake and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta- Analysis; Growing evidence has suggested a possible relationship between dietary calcium intake and metabolic syndrome (MetS) risk. However, the findings of these observational studies are inconclusive, and the dose-response association between calcium intake and risk of MetS remains to be determined. Here, we identified relevant studies by searching PubMed and Web of Science databases up to December 2018, and selected observational studies reporting relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for MetS based on calcium intake and estimated the summary RRs using random-effects models. Eight cross-sectional and two prospective cohort studies totaling 63,017 participants with 14,906 MetS cases were identified. A significantly reduced risk of MetS was associated with the highest levels of dietary calcium intake (RR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.80-0.99; I-2= 75.3%), with stronger association and less heterogeneity among women (RR: 0.74, 95% CI: 0.66-0.83; I-2= 0.0%) than among men (RR: 1.06, 95% CI: 0.82-1.37; I-2 = 72.6%). Our dose-response analysis revealed that for each 300 mg/day increase in calcium intake, the risk of MetS decreased by 7% (RR: 0.93; 95% CI: 0.87-0.99; I-2= 77.7%). In conclusion, our findings suggest that dietary calcium intake may be inversely associated with the risk of MetS. These findings may have important public health implications with respect to preventing the disease. Further studies, in particular longitudinal cohort studies and randomized clinical trials, will be necessary to determine whether calcium supplementation is effective to prevent MetS.
Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on Cognitive Function and Metabolic Status in Alzheimer's Disease: A Randomized, Double-Blind and Controlled Trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); Alzheimer's disease (AD) is associated with severe cognitive impairments as well as some metabolic defects. Scant studies in animal models indicate a link between probiotics and cognitive function. This randomized, double-blind, and controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 AD patients to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status. The patients were randomly divided into two groups (n = 30 in each group) treating with either milk (control group) or a mixture of probiotics (probiotic group). The probiotic supplemented group took 200 ml/day probiotic milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus Bifidobacterium bifidum, and Lactobacillus fermenturn (2 x 10(9) CFU/g for each) for 12 weeks. Mini-mental state examination (MMSE) score was recorded in all subjects before and after the treatment. Pre- and post-treatment fasting blood samples were obtained to determine the related markers. After 12 weeks intervention, compared with the control group (-5.03% +/- 3.00), the probiotic treated (+27.90% +/- 8.07) patients showed a significant improvement in the MMSE score (P 0.001). In addition, changes in plasma malondialdehyde (-22.01% +/- 4.84 vs. +2.67% +/- 3.86 mu mol/L, P 0.001), serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (-17.61% +/- 3.70 vs. +45.26% +/- 3.50 mu g/mL, P 0.001), homeostasis model of assessment estimated insulin resistance (+28.84% +/- 13.34 vs. +76.95% +/- 24.60, P = 0.002), Beta cell function (+3.45% +/- 10.91 vs. +75.62% +/- 23.18, P = 0.001), serum triglycerides (-20.29% +/- 4.49 vs. 0.16% +/- 5.24 mg/dL, P = 0.003), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (-1.83 +/- 1.26 vs. 4.66 +/- 1.70, P = 0.006) in the probiotic group were significantly varied compared to the control group. We found that the probiotic treatment had no considerable effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation, fasting plasma glucose, and other lipid profiles. Overall, the current study demonstrated that probiotic consumption for 12 weeks positively affects cognitive function and some metabolic statuses in the AD patients.
Low-Fat Milk Ingestion Prevents Postprandial Hyperglycemia-Mediated Impairments in Vascular Endothelial Function in Obese Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome; Greater intakes of low-fat dairy foods are associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to examine whether acute low-fat milk ingestion would limit postprandial impairments in vascular endothelial function by limiting oxidative stress responses that decrease. nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability. A randomized, double-blind, crossover study was conducted in adults with metabolic syndrome (MetS) who ingested low-fat milk (475 mL) or an isocaloric volume of rice milk after an overnight fast. Brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD), plasma glucose, malondialdehyde (MDA), arginine (ARG), and asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) were assessed at 30-min intervals during the 3-h postprandial period. Participants' (n = 19) postprandial FMD responses were unaffected by low-fat milk but transiently decreased (P < 0.01) from 6.2 +/- 0.8% (mean +/- SEM) at baseline to 3.3 +/- 0.7% at 30 min and 3.9 +/- 0.6% at 60 min following rice milk consumption. Glucose and MDA increased to a greater extent in the rice milk trial (P<0.001). The MDA area under the 3 h postprandial curve (AUC(0-3) (h)) was correlated with glucose AUC(0-3) (h) (r = 0.75; P < 0.01) and inversely related to FM D AUC(0-3) (h) (r=-0.59; P<0.01). ARG decreased following rice milk and increased with low-fat milk, whereas only rice milk increased ADMA:ARG. The ADMA:ARG AUC(0-3) (h) was correlated with MDA AUC(0-3) (h) (r = 0.55) and was inversely related to FMD AUC(0-3) (h) (r = -0.52) (P < 0.05). These findings suggest that low-fat milk maintains vascular endothelial function in individuals with MetS by limiting postprandial hyperglycemia that otherwise increases lipid peroxidation and reduces NO bioavailability. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01411293.
Molecular effects of the consumption of margarine and butter varying in <i>trans</i> fat composition: a parallel human intervention study; Background Whereas the dietary intake of industrial trans fatty acids (iTFA) has been specifically associated with inflammation, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes, understanding the impact of dietary fats on human health remains challenging owing to their complex composition and individual effects of their lipid components on metabolism. The aim of this study is to profile the composition of blood, measured by the fatty acid (FAs) profile and untargeted metabolome of serum and the transcriptome of blood cells, in order to identify molecular signatures that discriminate dietary fat intakes. Methods In a parallel study, the molecular effects of consuming dairy fat containing ruminant TFA (rTFA) or margarine containing iTFA were investigated. Healthy volunteers (n = 42; 45-69 y) were randomly assigned to diets containing margarine without TFA as major source of fat (wTFA control group with 0.4 g TFA per 100 g margarine), margarine with iTFA (iTFA group with 4.1 g TFA per 100 g margarine), or butter with rTFA (rTFA group with 6.3 g TFA per 100 g butter) for 4 weeks. The amounts of test products were individually selected so that fat intake contributed to 30-33% of energy requirements and TFA in the rTFA and iTFA groups contributed to up to 2% of energy intake. Changes in fasting blood values of lipid profiles (GC with flame-ionization detection), metabolome profiles (LC-MS, GC-MS), and gene expression (microarray) were measured. Results Eighteen FAs, as well as 242 additional features measured by LC-MS (185) and GC-MS (54) showed significantly different responses to the diets (PFDR-adjusted < 0.05), mainly distinguishing butter from the margarine diets while gene expression was not differentially affected. The most abundant TFA in the butter, i.e. TFA containing (E)-octadec-11-enoic acid (C18:1 t11; trans vaccenic acid), and margarines, i.e. TFA containing (E)-octadec-9-enoic acid (C18:1 t9; elaidic acid) were reflected in the significantly different serum levels of TFAs measured after the dietary interventions. Conclusions The untargeted serum metabolome differentiates margarine from butter intake although the identification of the discriminating features remains a bottleneck. The targeted serum FA profile provides detailed information on specific molecules differentiating not only butter from margarine intake but also diets with different content of iTFAs in margarine.
Effects of Ready-to-Eat-Cereals on Key Nutritional and Health Outcomes: A Systematic Review; Background In many countries breakfast cereals are an important component of breakfast. This systematic review assesses the contribution of consumption of ready-to eat cereal (RTEC) to the recommended nutrient intake. Furthermore, the effects of RTEC consumption on key health parameters are investigated as well as health promoting properties of RTEC. Method The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL have been searched up till 16 th of June 2015. Randomized controlled trials were excluded if RTEC were used during hypocaloric diets, if RTEC were eaten at other times than breakfast and if breakfasts included other products than RTEC, milk and fruit. Observational studies were excluded when "breakfast cereals" were not defined or their definition included cooked cereals. From cross-sectional studies only data concerning energy and nutrient intake as well as micronutrient status were used. Results From 4727 identified citations 64 publications met the inclusion criteria of which 32 were cross-sectional studies, eight prospective studies and 24 randomized controlled trials. Consumption of RTEC is associated with a healthier dietary pattern, concerning intake of carbohydrates, dietary fiber, fat and micronutrients, however total sugar intake is higher. Persons consuming RTEC frequently (>= 5 times/week) have a lower risk of inadequate micronutrient intake especially for vitamin A, calcium, folate, vitamin B 6, magnesium and zinc. Evidence from prospective studies suggests that whole grain RTEC may have beneficial effects on hypertension and type 2 diabetes. Consumption of RTEC with soluble fiber helps to reduce LDL cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic men and RTEC fortified with folate can reduce plasma homocysteine. Discussion One of the review's strengths is its thorough ex/inclusion of studies. Limitations are that results of observational studies were based on self-reported data and that many studies were funded by food-industry. Conclusion Consumption of RTEC, especially of fiber-rich or whole grain RTEC, is implicated with several beneficial nutritional and health outcomes. The effect on body weight, intestinal health and cognitive function needs further evaluation. Of concern is the higher total sugar intake associated with frequent RTEC consumption.
Vitamin D deficiency in British South Asians, a persistent but avoidable problem associated with many health risks (including rickets, T2DM, CVD, COVID-19 and pregnancy complications): the case for correcting this deficiency; High vitamin D deficiency rates, with rickets and osteomalacia, have been common in South Asians (SAs) arriving in Britain since the 1950s with preventable infant deaths from hypocalcaemic status-epilepticus and cardiomyopathy. Vitamin D deficiency increases common SA disorders (type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease), recent trials and non-linear Mendelian randomisation studies having shown deficiency to be causal for both disorders. Ethnic minority, obesity, diabetes and social deprivation are recognised COVID-19 risk factors, but vitamin D deficiency is not, despite convincing mechanistic evidence of it. Adjusting analyses for obesity/ethnicity abolishes vitamin D deficiency in COVID-19 risk prediction, but both factors lower serum 25(OH)D specifically. Social deprivation inadequately explains increased ethnic minority COVID-19 risks. SA vitamin D deficiency remains uncorrected after 70 years, official bodies using 'education', 'assimilation' and 'diet' as 'proxies' for ethnic differences and increasing pressures to assimilate. Meanwhile, English rickets was abolished from similar to 1940 by free 'welfare foods' (meat, milk, eggs, cod liver oil), for all pregnant/nursing mothers and young children (<5 years old). Cod liver oil was withdrawn from antenatal clinics in 1994 (for excessive vitamin A teratogenicity), without alternative provision. The take-up of the 2006 'Healthy-Start' scheme of food-vouchers for low-income families with young children (<3 years old) has been poor, being inaccessible and poorly publicised. COVID-19 pandemic advice for UK adults in 'lockdown' was '400 IU vitamin D/day', inadequate for correcting the deficiency seen winter/summer at 17.5%/5.9% in White, 38.5%/30% in Black and 57.2%/50.8% in SA people in representative UK Biobank subjects when recruited similar to 14 years ago and remaining similar in 2018. Vitamin D inadequacy worsens many non-skeletal health risks. Not providing vitamin D for preventing SA rickets and osteomalacia continues to be unacceptable, as deficiency-related health risks increase ethnic health disparities, while abolishing vitamin D deficiency would be easier and more cost-effective than correcting any other factor worsening ethnic minority health in Britain.
Impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy foods on fasting lipid profile and blood pressure: exploratory endpoints of a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dietary guidelines traditionally recommend low-fat dairy because dairy's high saturated fat content is thought to promote cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, emerging evidence indicates that dairy fat may not negatively impact CVD risk factors when consumed in foods with a complex matrix. Objective: The aim was to compare the effects of diets limited in dairy or rich in either low-fat or full-fat dairy on CVD risk factors. Methods: In this randomized controlled trial, 72 participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-wk run-in period, limiting their dairy intake to <= 3 servings/wk of nonfat milk. Participants were then randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets, either continuing the limited-dairy diet or switching to a diet containing 3.3 servings/d of either low-fat or full-fat milk, yogurt, and cheese for 12 wk. Exploratory outcome measures included changes in the fasting lipid profile and blood pressure. Results: In the per-protocol analysis (n = 66), there was no intervention effect on fasting serum total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol; triglycerides; free fatty acids; or cholesterol content in 38 isolated plasma lipoprotein fractions (P > 0.1 for all variables in repeatedmeasures ANOVA). There was also no intervention effect on diastolic blood pressure, but a significant intervention effect for systolic blood pressure (P = 0.048), with a trend for a decrease in the low-fat dairy diet (-1.6 +/- 8.6 mm Hg) compared with the limited-dairy diet (+2.5 +/- 8.2 mm Hg) in post hoc testing. Intent-to-treat results were consistent for all endpoints, with the exception that systolic blood pressure became nonsignificant (P = 0.08). Conclusions: In men and women with metabolic syndrome, a diet rich in full-fat dairy had no effects on fasting lipid profile or blood pressure compared with diets limited in dairy or rich in low-fat dairy. Therefore, dairy fat, when consumed as part of complex whole foods, does not adversely impact these classic CVD risk factors.
The effect of interaction between Melanocortin-4 receptor polymorphism and dietary factors on the risk of metabolic syndrome; Background: Controversial data is available on the effect of the Melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) gene variation on metabolic syndrome (MetS) and ineffectiveness of diet in managing MetS. Effects of the interaction between MC4R polymorphism and dietary factors on MetS were investigated in this study. Methods: Subjects of this nested case-control study were selected from among participants of Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Each case (n = 815) was pair matched randomly with a control by age (+/- 5 years) and sex from among those who had not developed >= 1 MetS components at the time that the corresponding case developed MetS. Dietary patterns were determined using factor analysis on 25 foods groups using a valid and reliable, 168-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). MC4R rs12970134 were genotyped by Tetra-Primer ARMS-polymerase chain reaction analysis. Adjusted conditional logistic regression was used to estimate the interactions of SNP with quartiles of dietary factors in relation to MetS. MetS was defined by the modified National Cholesterol Education Program/Adult Treatment panel III. Results: Two dietary patterns were extracted. The healthy dietary pattern was loaded heavily on vegetables, legumes, low fat dairy, whole grains, liquid oils and fruits; the western dietary pattern consisted of a high intake of soft drinks, fast foods, sweets, solid oils, red meats, salty snacks, refined grains, high fat dairy, tea and coffee, eggs and poultry. Among A allele carriers, being in the highest quartiles of western dietary pattern score and saturated fatty acid intake had an increased risk of MetS, compared to those in the lowest quartile (P trend = 0.007). Saturated fatty acid intake could modulate the association of A allele carriers of MC4R with MetS (P interaction = 0.03). A significant interaction was observed between rs12970134 with total fat and iron intake on the risk of abdominal obesity (P interaction < 0.05). Conclusion: Our findings suggest an interaction between rs12970134 and western dietary pattern, fat and vegetable intakes on the risk of MetS or its components.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on ambulatory blood pressure in metabolic syndrome: a randomized SYSDIET sub-study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary pattern is central in the prevention of hypertension and blood pressure (BP)-related diseases. A diet based on healthy Nordic foods may have a favourable impact on BP. The objective was to clarify whether a Nordic alternative for a healthy food pattern would have beneficial effects on ambulatory BP in subjects with metabolic syndrome (MetS). SUBJECTS/METHODS: In total, 37 subjects were randomized to either a healthy Nordic diet or a control diet. A healthy Nordic diet embraced whole grains, rapeseed oil, berries, fruits, vegetables, fish, nuts and low-fat dairy products of Nordic origin. The mean nutrient intake in the Nordic countries formed the control diet, embracing wheat products, dairy fat-based spread and a lower intake of fruits, vegetables and fish. Diets were isoenergetic. Ambulatory BP was monitored and 24-h urine was collected before and after 12 weeks of intervention. RESULTS: After 12 weeks, ambulatory diastolic BP (-4.4 mm Hg; P = 0.001) and mean arterial pressure (-4.2 mm Hg; P = 0.006) were lowered by the healthy Nordic diet compared with the control diet, whereas changes in ambulatory systolic BP did not differ significantly between diets (-3.5 mm Hg; P = 0.122). Heart rate tended to be lower in those on the healthy Nordic diet (P = 0.057). Urinary sodium and potassium excretions were unaffected by diets and consequently not associated with the healthy Nordic diet-induced lowering of BP. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of Nordic varieties of health-enhancing foods for 12 weeks decreased diastolic ambulatory BP and mean arterial pressure in subjects with features of MetS during weight-stable condition, suggesting beneficial effects of a healthy Nordic dietary pattern on ambulatory BP.
The Effects of Soy Milk Enriched with <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> and Omega-3 on the Tibia and L5 Vertebra in Diabetic Rats: a Stereological Study; Bone fragility, despite relatively high BMD values, is an important complication related to insulin resistance and oxidative stress in diabetes mellitus type 1. The present study aimed to compare the effects of soy milk (SM), soy milk containing Lactobacillus casei (PSM), and soy milk enriched with Lactobacillus casei and omega-3 (OPSM) on the stereology of the tibia and vertebra, and antioxidant activity in type 1 diabetic rats. Sixty-five male Sprague Dawley rats were randomly assigned into 5 groups of 13 animals each. Diabetes was induced by a single injection of STZ (60 mg/kg); two control groups (non-diabetic: CN and diabetic: CD) were selected and then fed with 1 mL of distilled water. Three treatment groups were fed 1 ml of SM, PSM, and OPSM via intragastric gavage for 60 days. Treatment with SM, PSM, and OPSM significantly decreased (P < 0.05) the number of the osteoclasts in both tibia and L5 vertebra, and plasma alkaline phosphatase level. Also, the osteoblast number, calcium level, catalase activity, and total antioxidant capacity were increased in the SM, PSM, and OPSM groups compared to the STZ group. OPSM had the greatest effects on the stereological and biochemical parameters compared to the SM and PSM groups. Soy milk combination with Lactobacillus casei and omega-3 can ameliorate the stereological changes in the tibia and vertebra. In addition, this combination increased the antioxidant activity and improved the redox homeostasis in diabetic rats. These results suggest the potential role of soy milk containing Lactobacillus casei enriched with omega-3 in preventing and delaying osteoporosis in diabetic patients.
The effect of daily consumption of probiotic yogurt on liver enzymes, steatosis and fibrosis in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): study protocol for a randomized clinical trial; Background: Given the increasing prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, it is necessary to find an easy and cost-effective method in its management and treatment. Probiotics are a group of living microorganisms that might affect NAFLD through the intestinal-liver axis. The present clinical trial aims to examine the effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on liver enzymes, steatosis and liver fibrosis in patients with NAFLD. Methods: Sixty-eight patients with NAFLD will be recruited in this study. After block matching for sex, BMI and age, patients will be randomly assigned to receive 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 10(6) cfu/g of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis strains or 300 g/d plain yogurt daily for 12 weeks and those in the control group would receive similar amounts of plain yogurts. Weight, height, and waist circumference will be measured at study baseline and after the intervention. Biochemical indicators including plasma glucose, serum insulin, lipid profile, liver markers (ALT, AST and GGT) will be examined at study baseline and at the end of the trial. Insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity will be determined using the HOMA-IR and QUICKI equation. The degree of steatosis and hepatic fibrosis will also be assessed at the beginning and end of the intervention by the same gastroenterologist using elastography with fibroscan. Discussion: Probiotics have been suggested as a new strategy in the management of NAFLD. Their effects might be mediated through intestinal microbiota modification and production of short-chain fatty acids. Consumption of probiotic-enriched foods, rather than their supplements, might be a cost-effective method for long-term use in these patients. In case of finding the beneficial effects of probiotic yogurt consumption in the current clinical trial, its inclusion in the dietary plan of NAFLD patients can be recommended.
Effect of dairy products on oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Objective. - The aim of this randomized control trial was to assess the effect of dairy product (milk and yogurt) consumption on oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic patients. Material and methods. - Ninety-one diabetic patients were randomly assigned to one of the three following intervention groups: group A (<1 serving of dairy products), group B (2 to 3 servings), and group C (4 to 5 servings). Biomarkers of oxidative stress including, serum total antioxidant capacity, catalase activity, malondialdehyde (MDA) were measured at baseline and after the 8 -week intervention. Results. - No significant difference was found in oxidative stress between groups, except for MDA that significantly decreased in group C. Conclusions. - Consumption of dairy products including milk and yogurt, >= 4 servings per day, reduced MDA concentration, however consumption <= 3 serving per day had no significant effect on oxidative stress among diabetic patients. (C) 2019 Societe francophone nutrition clinique et metabolisme (SFNCM). Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Daily intake of vitamin D- or calcium-vitamin D-fortified Persian yogurt drink (<i>doogh</i>) attenuates diabetes-induced oxidative stress: evidence for antioxidative properties of vitamin D; BackgroundBoth poor vitamin D status and oxidative stress (OS) have been independently associated with late diabetic complications, including cardiovascular disease (CVD). The present study aimed to examine the effect of daily intake of vitamin D alone or in combination with calcium as a fortified Persian yogurt drink (doogh) on OS over 12weeks. MethodsNinety patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30-50years from both sexes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups to receive two 250-mL bottles of doogh a day, which was either plain (PD; containing 150mg per 250mL of calcium and no detectable vitamin D), vitamin D-fortified (DD; containing 150mg of calcium+500IU vitamin D per 250mL) or calcium-vitamin D-fortified (CDD; 250mg od calcium+500IU vitamin D per 250mL). ResultsAlthough mean (SD) serum concentrations of protein carbonyl significantly decreased in both DD and CDD groups [-2.07(4.39)nm, P=0.015 and -4.4(7.64)nm, P=0.003, respectively], the change in PD group was not significant [-0.54(6.96)nm, P=0.674]. A similar pattern was observed for cardiac myeloperoxidase [PD: -19.4(75.9)gL(-1), P=0.173; DD: -21.8(54.2)gL(-1), P=0.035, CDD: -48.5(76.9)gL(-1), P=0.002]. Superoxide dismutase increased significantly only in DD and CDD [56.9(74.0)UL-1, P<0.001 and 51.6(119.9)UL-1, P=0.025, respectively]. Changes of serum advanced glycation end-products showed a significant between-group difference among PD, DD and CDD [239.4(388.4)UL-1, -58.1(147.6)UL-1 and -143.7(475.9)UL(-1)x 10(3), respectively, P=0.003], which remained significant after controlling for changes of fasting serum glucose (P=0.013) and glycated haemoglobin (P=0.015). ConclusionsThe findings of the present study demonstrated an OS attenuating effect of vitamin D. However, extra calcium did not convey additional benefit.
Genetic selection for health traits using producer-recorded data. II. Genetic correlations, disease probabilities, and relationships with existing traits; The objectives of this study were to calculate genetic correlations between health traits that were recorded in on-farm herd management software programs and to assess relationships between these traits and other traits that are routinely evaluated in US dairy sires. Data consisted of 272,576 lactation incidence records for displaced abomasum (DA), ketosis (KET), mastitis (MAST), lameness (LAME), cystic ovaries (CYST), and metritis (MET) from 161,622 cows in 646 herds. These data were collected between January 1, 2001 and December 31, 2003 in herds using the Dairy Comp 305, DHI-Plus, or PCDART herd management software programs. Binary incidence data for all disorders were analyzed simultaneously using a multiple-trait threshold sire model that included random sire and herd-year-season of calving effects. Although data from multiple lactations were available for some animals, our genetic analysis included only first parity records due to concerns about selection bias and improper modeling of the covariance structure. Heritability estimates for the presence or absence of each disorder during first lactation were 0.14 for DA, 0.06 for KET, 0.09 for MAST, 0.03 for LAME, 0.04 for CYST, and 0.06 for MET. Estimated genetic correlations were 0.45 between DA and KET, 0.42 between KET and CYST, 0.20 between MAST and LAME, 0.19 between KET and LAME, 0.17 between DA and CYST, 0.17 between KET and LAME, 0.17 between KET and MET, and 0.16 between LAME and CYST. All other correlations were negligible. Correlations between predicted transmitting abilities for the aforementioned health traits and existing production, type, and fitness traits were low, though it must be noted that these estimates may have been biased by low reliability of the health trait evaluations. Based on results of this study, it appears that genetic selection for health disorders recorded in on-farm software programs can be effective. These traits can be incorporated into selection indices directly, or they can be combined into composite traits, such as "reproductive disorders", "metabolic disorders", or "early lactation disorders".
Physical, textural and sensory characteristics of reduced sucrose cakes, incorporated with clean-label sugar-replacing alternative ingredients; High levels of sucrose in foods present a great risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Therefore a low sucrose intake is strongly recommended. Sweet baked products incorporate high levels of sucrose. Sucrose in the original cake formulation was reduced and replaced with apple pomace, whey permeate, oligofructose, polydextrose. An acceptable sucrose reduction of between 21 and 27% was achieved. Cakes containing apple pomace had the lowest specific volume (1.8 cm(3)/g) and highest crumb firmness (8.60 N) (P < .05). Apple pomace and whey permeate had a significantly decreased L* values of the crust (P < .05). Moisture content of the cake crumb was increased significantly with the addition of oligofructose, whey permeate and polydextrose. All treatments resulted in a significant increase of the water activity of the cake crumb compared to the control (P < .05). Crumb cell structure was maintained as shown by 2-D and confocal imaging. Sensory trials revealed the reformulated cakes were acceptable to panellists. Industrial relevance: Public awareness about the health risks of diets high in sugar have increased dramatically for the last number of years. Governmental and professional groups have recommended sucrose to be reduced in certain food products; therefore the food industry is now seeking ways to reduce the sugar by substituting other materials. However, most people enjoy the taste and texture of high sugar foods, and may not want to give them up. As sugar is present in such significant amounts in cakes, altering the level used will greatly affect dough consistency and final product characteristics. Efforts have made over the last number of years to explore alternative sweetening ingredients including bulk sweeteners (polyols) and high intensity sweeteners as sucrose replacers (Di Monaco et al., 2018). However, recent consumer trends indicate a movement towards a 'clean label'. Clean label implies a food a low number of ingredients and ingredients with names with the consumer can understand (Skelke, 2018). Polyols and high intensity artificial sweeteners are not considered to be a 'clean label' ingredient, and therefore alternatives must be reviewed. This study investigates the use of clean label sweetening ingredients. Apple pomace and whey permeate are by-products of the juice and dairy industry. Both polydextrose and oligofructose can be classified as dietary fibres, and also provide other functional properties to the cake.
Dairy Product Consumption in the Prevention of Metabolic Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Previous meta-analyses have associated dairy products with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS). Since then, new studies evaluating not only total dairy but also different subtypes have been published in this field. The objective of the present work was to systematically review and meta-analyze the epidemiologic studies regarding the associations between the consumption of total dairy products and subtypes (milk, yogurt, and cheese) and the incidence of MetS. Relevant studies were identified through Medline and Cochrane databases. Eligible studies were prospective cohort studies that examined the association between dairy product consumption and/or different subtypes of dairy and the risk of MetS. Random-effects or fixed-effects models were assigned to calculate the pooled RR estimates with 95% CIs. From the 2994 identified articles, 12 and 11 studies were included for the qualitative and quantitative synthesis, respectively. After comparing the highest with the lowest categories, total dairy product consumption was inversely associated with the risk of MetS (9 study comparisons; RR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.83). Low-fat dairy and total yogurt consumption were inversely associated with the risk of MetS (low-fat dairy: 2 study comparisons; RR: 0.77; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.91; total yogurt consumption: 4 study comparisons; RR: 0.74; 95% CI: 0.66, 0.82). The linear RR per 1 serving of yogurt/d was 0.77 (95% CI: 0.60, 1.00). Low-fat yogurt and whole-fat yogurt were inversely associated with the risk of MetS (low-fat yogurt: 2 study comparisons; RR: 0.72; 95% CI: 0.62, 0.84; whole-fat yogurt: 2 study comparisons; RR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.70, 0.94). Total milk consumption was inversely associated with the risk of MetS (6 study comparisons; RR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.97). Whole-fat dairy consumption was not associated with MetS risk. Our findings suggest that the consumption of total and low-fat dairy products, milk, and yogurt is inversely associated with the risk of MetS. The study protocol is available at https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/ as CRD42018082480.
Effect of fermented milk product containing lactotripeptides and plant sterol esters on haemodynamics in subjects with the metabolic syndrome - a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; We investigated the effects of fermented milk product containing isoleucine-proline-proline, valine-proline-proline and plant sterol esters (Pse) on plasma lipids, blood pressure (BP) and its determinants systemic vascular resistance and cardiac output. In a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 104 subjects with the metabolic syndrome (MetS) were allocated to three groups in order to receive fermented milk product containing (1) 5 mg/d lactotripeptides (LTP) and 2 g/d plant sterols; (2) 25 mg/d LTP and 2g/d plant sterols; (3) placebo for 12 weeks. Plasma lipids and home BP were monitored. Haemodynamics were examined in a laboratory using radial pulse wave analysis and whole-body impedance cardiography in the supine position and during orthostatic challenge. There were no differences between the effects of the two treatments and placebo on the measurements of BP at home or on BP, systemic vascular resistance index and cardiac index in the laboratory, neither in the supine nor in the upright position. The changes in plasma LDL-cholesterol concentration were -0.1 (95% CI -0.3, 0.1 and -0.3, 0.0) mmol/l in the 5 and 25 mg/d LTP groups, respectively, and +0.1 (95% CI -0.1, 0.3) mmol/l during placebo (P=0.024). Both at baseline and at week 12, the increase in systemic vascular resistance during head-up tilt was lower in the 25 mg/d LTP group than in the 5 mg/d LTP group (P<0.01), showing persistent differences in cardiovascular regulation between these groups. In subjects with the MetS, intake of LTP and Pse in fermented milk product showed a lipid-lowering effect of borderline significance, while no antihypertensive effect was observed at home or in the laboratory.
A Low-Fat, High-Complex Carbohydrate Diet Supplemented with Long-Chain (n-3) Fatty Acids Alters the Postprandial Lipoprotein Profile in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome; Dietary fat intake plays a critical role in the development of metabolic syndrome (MetS). This study addressed the hypothesis that dietary fat quantity and quality may differentially modulate postprandial lipoprotein metabolism in MetS patients. A multi-center, parallel, randomized, controlled trial conducted within the LIPGENE study randomly assigned MetS patients to 1 of 4 diets: high-SFA [HSFA; 38% energy (E) from fat, 16% E as SFA], high-monounsaturated fatty acid [HMUFA; 38% E from fat, 20% E as MUFA], and 2 low-fat, high-complex carbohydrate [LFHCC; 28% E from fat] diets supplemented with 1.24 g/d of long-chain (LC) (n-3) PUFA (ratio 1.4 eicosapentaenoic acid:1 docosahexaenoic acid) or placebo (1.24 g/d of high-oleic sunflower-seed oil) for 12 wk each. A fat challenge with the same fat composition as the diets was conducted pre- and postintervention. Postprandial total cholesterol, triglycerides (TG), apolipoprotein (apo) B, apo B-48, apo A-I, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and cholesterol, TG, retinyl palmitate, and apo B in TG-rich lipoproteins (TRL; large and small) were determined pre- and postintervention. Postintervention, postprandial TG (P < 0.001) and large TRL-TG (P = 0.009) clearance began earlier and was faster in the H MUFA group compared with the HSFA and LFHCC groups. The LFHCC (n-3) group had a lower postprandial TG concentration (P < 0.001) than the other diet groups. Consuming the LFHCC diet increased the TG (P = 0.04), large TRL-TG (P = 0.01), TRL-cholesterol (P < 0.001), TRL-retinyl palmitate (P = 0.001), and TRL-apo B (P = 0.002) area under the curve compared with preintervention values. In contrast, long-term ingestion of the LFHCC (n-3) diet did not augment postprandial TG and TRL metabolism. In conclusion, postprandial abnormalities associated with MetS can be attenuated with LFHCC (n-3) and HMUFA diets. The adverse postprandial TG-raising effects of long-term LFHCC diets may be avoided by concomitant LC (n-3) PUFA supplementation to weight-stable MetS patients. J. Nutr. 140: 1595-1601, 2010.
Composite probiotics alleviate type 2 diabetes by regulating intestinal microbiota and inducing GLP-1 secretion in db/db mice; Backgroud/Aim: Previous studies have found that probiotic fermented camel milk has anti-diabetic effect by inducing (glucagon-like peptide-1) GLP-1 secretion. Probiotics are valuable in prevention and treatment of diabetes. As a result, our team islolated 14 probiotics from fermented camel milk. These probiotics have beneficial characteristics, but the possible anti-diabetic mechanisms remains unclear. The present study aimed to explore the possoble anti-diabetic mechanisms of 14 probiotics. Methods: C57BL/Ks mice were normal group. The db/db mice were randomized into five groups: model group, metformin group, liraglutide group, low-dose and high-dose probiotic group. Biochemical parameters were determined by the respective assay kits. The levels of the short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) and microbiota were respectively determined by gas chromatography and qRT-PCR. HE staining and immunofluorescence were used for histomorphological observation. Quantitative PCR and western-blot were determined the gene and protein expression of Bax, Bcl-2, Caspase-3 and PI3K/AKT. Results: Probiotics significantly improved blood glucose and blood lipid parameters, as well as the morphological changes of pancreas, liver and kidney. Probiotics improved the gut barrier function through increasing the levels of SCFA-producing bacteria and SCFAs as well as the expression of claudin-1 and mucin-2, and decreasing Escherichia coli and LPS level. In additon, probiotics enhanced insulin secretion through glucose-triggered GLP-1 secretion by upregulating G protein-coupled receptor 43/41 (GPR43/41), proglucagon and proconvertase 1/3 activity. Forthermore, probiotics protected pancreas against apoptosis, which may be dependent on the upregulation of PI3K/AKT pathway. Conclusions: The anti-diabetic effect of 14 probiotics in db/db mice seem to be related to an increase of SCFA-producing bacteria, the improvement of intestinal barrier function and the upregulation of GLP-1 production, and indicate these probiotics might be a good candidate to prevent and treat diabetes.
How sound is the science behind the dietary recommendations for dairy?; This review examined the evidence behind dietary guidelines for dairy. Most countries recommend consumption of dairy products; and when amounts are specified, recommendations are typically for 2 or 3 servings per day. Specific recommendations for dairy products are based partly on culture and availability but primarily on meeting nutrient requirements. Dairy products are a-rich source of many minerals and vitamins as well as high-quality protein. Thus, dairy consumption is a marker for diet quality. A recent report found that yogurt specifically is a good marker of diet quality. The food patterns recommended by the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans Advisory Committee (DGAC) include 3 cups of low-fat milk and milk products. Few people achieve their recommended intakes of several shortfall nutrients without meeting their recommendations for dairy. The evidence for a benefit of dairy consumption is moderate for bone health in children but limited in adults and moderate for cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, and diabetes and limited for metabolic syndrome. Newer data since the recommendations of the 2010 DGAC are presented. However, the strength of the evidence for dairy consumption and health is limited by the lack of appropriately powered randomized controlled trials.
Quantitative assessment of betainized compounds and associations with dietary and metabolic biomarkers in the randomized study of the healthy Nordic diet (SYSDIET); Background: Recently, a group of betainized compounds have been suggested to play a role in health effects in relation to a whole-grain-rich diet. Objectives: The aims of this study were to develop a quantitative mass spectrometric method for selected betainized compounds in human plasma, and to investigate their association with nutrient intake and measures of metabolic health in participants of the SYSDIET study. Methods: The SYSDIET study was a controlled randomized intervention including individuals with metabolic syndrome, where the healthy Nordic diet (HND) group increased intakes of whole grains, canola oil, berries, and fish, whereas the control diet (CD) group consumed low-fiber cereal products, milk fat, and restricted amounts of fish and berries. A quantitative LC combined with triple quadrupole MS method for betainized compounds was developed and applied to fasting plasma samples from baseline (week 0) and the end of the intervention (week 18 or 24). Concentrations of betainized compounds were correlated with intakes of selected nutrients and fiber and measures of metabolic health. Results: Pipecolic acid betaine (PAB) concentrations were significantly higher in the HND group than in the CD group (P = 0.00032) at the end of the intervention and correlated directly (P < 0.0001) with intakes of dietary fiber (r = 0.376) and a biomarker related to whole-grain rye intake, namely the ratio of alkylresorcinol C17:0 to C21:0 (r = 0.442). PAB was associated inversely with fasting plasma insulin consistently at the beginning and at the end of the intervention (P < 0.001, r = -0.300; P < 0.01, r = -0.250, respectively), as well as IL-1 receptor antagonist (P < 0.01, r = -0.232 at the beginning; P < 0.01, r = -0.236 at the end) and serum LDL/HDL cholesterol (P < 0.01, r = -0.239 at the beginning; P < 0.01, r = -0.241 at the end). Conclusions: Among adults with the metabolic syndrome, PAB plasma concentrations were associated with fasting insulin, inflammation, and lipids and were significantly increased with adoption of the HND. Further studies are needed to clarify the biological functions of betainized compounds.
Vitamin D Receptor <i>Fok</i>-<i>I</i> Polymorphism Modulates Diabetic Host Response to Vitamin D Intake Need for a nutrigenetic approach; OBJECTIVE-Interpopulation as well as interindividual variations in response to vitamin D intake commonly observed in subjects with type 2 diabetes may be related to genetic makeup. One of the candidate genes potentially responsible for this diversity is vitamin D receptor (VDR). This study aimed to investigate the interactive effect of VDR Fok-I polymorphism and vitamin D intake on diverse aspects of diabetic host response. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Glycemic status, lipid profiles, inflammatory biomarkers, and VDR Fok-I genotypes were determined in diabetic subjects (n = 140) who participated in a randomized controlled trial. Participants consumed two 250-mL bottles per day of yogurt drink (doogh) fortified with 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL for 12 weeks. RESULTS-Mean serum 25(OH) D increased by similar to 30 nmol/L (P < 0.001). The time x intervention effect was significant for 25(OH) D (P = 0.030), HDL (P = 0.011), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) (P < 0.001), interleukin (IL)-4 (P = 0.008), and IL-6 (P = 0.017) among the genotypic groups. The alleles were defined as "F" or "f" depending on the absence or presence of the restriction site, respectively. The least increment in 25(OH) D was in ff (23.0 +/- 3.8 nmol/L) compared with Ff (31.2 +/- 3.4 nmol/L) and FF (35.6 +/- 2.7 nmol/L) (P for trend = 0.009), but only the difference between ff and FF was significant (P = 0.023). FF group had the largest decrement of both hsCRP and IL-6 compared with Ff (P, 0.001 and P = 0.038) and ff (P = 0.010 and P = 0.048), respectively. CONCLUSIONS-We concluded that those of VDR ff genotype may be regarded as "low responders" to vitamin D intake in terms of response of circulating 25(OH) D and certain inflammatory biomarkers. A nutrigenetic approach may, therefore, be needed to protect diabetic patients from vitamin D deficiency. Diabetes Care 36:550-556, 2013
THE EFFECTS OF YEAR SEASON, UREA, ACETONE AND NITRATE ADDITIONS AND NATIVE CONTENT OF MICROELEMENTS ON COWS MILK FERMENTATION; Milk fermentation is an important quality indicator in the regions in which fermented milk products are made. Besides antibiotics presence, it is influenced by many other factors. The objective of the present paper was to evaluate the effect of some factors on fermentation of bulk milk samples. A total of 555 samples were used, 20 samples were excluded from statistical evaluation as a result of positive finding (Bac. stearothermophilus) by IN-test method leading to a suspicion of the presence of inhibitory substances of particularly antibiotic origin. Milk fermentation (yoghurt test) was determined as titratable acidity after addition of yoghurt culture R(x) (Laktoflora) to pasteurized milk after 3.5 hours of incubation at 43-degrees-C. The effect of urea, acetone and nitrate additions (U, A and N) above the original values was also tested in identical paired samples as exerted on milk fermentation. The additions corresponded to levels which are probable to occur in metabolic production disorders which may result from wrong nutrition, and to markedly higher levels. In a random parallel formed set the consequences of variability of the native content of some microelements were also evaluated with respect to milk fermentation. The value of milk fermentation (Tab. I) was significantly higher (P < 0.001) in summer feeding season than in winter feeding season, and it was accompanied by other significant differences (P < 0.001 and P < 0.05) in the other milk characteristics. In summer, the somatic cell counts and acetone content were lower while urea and nitrate contents were higher as a result of different diets in the feeding seasons. The increase in the original urea (U) concentration in milk by 25 and 50 mg/100 ml did not have a significant effect (P > 0.05) on milk fermentation (Tab. II). Urea concentration in milk in itself, even if it increases to a somewhat higher value due to improper nutrition, does not worsen the quality of milk fermentation. The increase in the original acetone (A) concentration in milk by 15 and 30 mg/l (Tab. III) significantly deteriorated milk fermentation (P < 0.001 and P < 0.0 1; Tab. III). Hence the results indicate that the acetone concentration in itself, if markedly higher than the physiological level (e.g. in subclinical ketosis), can influence milk fermentation negatively. But the marked increase in nitrate concentration (N; by 35 mg/l; Tab. IV) did not affect the quality of milk fermentation either (P > 0.05). Only when the increase in the levels of undesirable metabolites (U, A, N) was very large and hardly to occur in practical farming conditions (Tab. V), the quality of milk fermentation decreased (P < 0.01). It is apparent that mere increases in undesirable metabolite concentrations in milk above the physiological limits (except strongly increased concentrations) do not cause a deterioration of milk fermentation in operating conditions. That is why the decrease in milk fermentation often observed in metabolic disorders of dairy cows is a result of other overall changes in the milk picture from cows with metabolic disorders. Tab. VI shows a variability of native contents of some microelements. An evaluation of linear regression indicates that the variability of native contents of individual microelements documented the variability of milk fermentation as follows: Mo responsible for 11 % (r = 0.34; P < 0.01), Mn for 1 %, Al for 1 %, Cu for 15 % (r = 0.38; P < 0.01), Fe for 13 % (r = -0.37, P < 0.01), Zn for 5 % (r = -0.23; P < 0.05). Thirty-four per cent of milk fermentation variability can be explained from joint effects of all the investigated microelements: Mo, Mn, Al, Cu, Fe and Zn.
Relationship of the Adherence to a Mediterranean Diet and Its Main Components with CRP Levels in the Spanish Population; Background: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet seems to be inversely associated with C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration. A 14-point Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS) has been developed to assess dietary compliance. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess whether each of the MEDAS questions as well as their final score were associated with the levels of CRP in general Spanish population. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of 1411 subjects (mean age 61 years, 43.0% males) randomly selected from the general population. CRP levels were determined by a commercial ELISA kit. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was measured by the 14-point MEDAS. Results: There was an inverse correlation between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and the CRP concentration, even after adjusting by age, gender, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, body mass index, statin treatment and hypertension treatment (p = 0.041). Subjects who consume >= 2 servings of vegetables per day (p = 0.003), >= 3 pieces of fruit per day (p = 0.003), >= 1 serving of butter, margarine, or cream per day (p = 0.041) or >= 3 servings of fish/seafood per week (p = 0.058) had significantly lower levels of CRP. Conclusions: Adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet measured by a simple questionnaire is associated with lower CRP concentration. However, this association seems to be particularly related to a higher consumption of vegetables, fruits, dairy products, and fish.
Association of dairy consumption with metabolic syndrome, hypertension and diabetes in 147 812 individuals from 21 countries; Objective Our aims were to assess the association of dairy intake with prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) (cross-sectionally) and with incident hypertension and incident diabetes (prospectively) in a large multinational cohort study. Methods The Prospective Urban Rural Epidemiology (PURE) study is a prospective epidemiological study of individuals aged 35 and 70 years from 21 countries on five continents, with a median follow-up of 9.1 years. In thecross-sectional analyses, we assessed the association of dairy intake with prevalent MetS and its components among individuals with information on the five MetS components (n=112 922). Forthe prospective analyses, we examined the association of dairy with incident hypertension (in 57 547 individuals free of hypertension) and diabetes (in 131 481 individuals free of diabetes). Results In cross-sectional analysis, higher intake of total dairy (at least two servings/day compared with zero intake; OR 0.76, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.80, p-trend<0.0001) was associated with a lower prevalence of MetS after multivariable adjustment. Higher intakes of whole fat dairy consumed alone (OR 0.72, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.78, p-trend<0.0001), or consumed jointly with low fat dairy (OR 0.89, 95% CI 0.80 to 0.98, p-trend=0.0005), were associated with a lower MetS prevalence. Low fat dairy consumed alone was not associated with MetS (OR 1.03, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.38, p-trend=0.13). In prospective analysis, 13 640 people with incident hypertension and 5351 people with incident diabetes were recorded. Higher intake of total dairy (at least two servings/day vs zero serving/day) was associated with a lower incidence of hypertension (HR 0.89, 95% CI 0.82 to 0.97, p-trend=0.02) and diabetes (HR 0.88, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.02, p-trend=0.01). Directionally similar associations were found for whole fat dairy versus each outcome. Conclusions Higher intake of whole fat (but not low fat) dairy was associated with alower prevalenceof MetS and most of its component factors, and with alower incidenceof hypertension and diabetes. Our findings should be evaluated in large randomized trials of the effects of whole fat dairy on the risks of MetS, hypertension, and diabetes.
Effect of Camel Milk on Glucose Homeostasis in Patients with Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; The effects of camel milk (CM) intake on glycemic control in patients with diabetes are controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted to summarize the effect of CM intake on glucose homeostasis parameters in patients with both types of diabetes mellitus; T1DM and T2DM. We searched Google Scholar, PubMed/MEDLINE, EBSCO host, CINAHL, ScienceDirect, Cochrane, ProQuest Medical, Web of Science, and Scopus databases from inception until the end of November 2021. Relevant RCTs were identified, and the effect size was reported as mean difference (MD) and standard deviation (SD). Parameters of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood glucose (FBG), postprandial blood glucose (PBG), fasting serum insulin (FI), insulin resistance (expressed in terms of HOMA-IR), insulin dose (ID) received, serum insulin antibody (IA), and C-peptide (CP) were tested. Out of 4054 collected articles, 14 RCTs (total 663 subjects) were eligible for inclusion. The pooled results obtained using a random-effects model showed a statistically significant decrease in HbA1c levels (MD, -1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI): -2.00, -0.48, p < 0.001 heterogeneity (I-2) = 94%) and ID received (MD, -16.72, 95% CI: -22.09, -11.35 p < 0.00001, I-2 = 90%), with a clear tendency was shown, but non-significant, to decrease FBG (MD, -23.32, 95% CI: -47.33, 0.70, p = 0.06, I-2 = 98%) in patients with diabetes who consumed CM in comparison to those on usual care. Conversely, the consumption of CM did not show significant reductions in the rest of the glucose homeostasis parameters. Subgroup analysis revealed that patients with T2DM were more beneficially affected by CM intake than those with T1DM in lowering FBG, while patients with T1DM were more beneficially affected by CM intake than those with T2DM in lowering HbA1c. Both fresh and treated (pasteurized/fermented) CM gave similar beneficial effects in lowering HbA1c. Lastly, a relatively superior effect for longer duration on shorter duration (>6 months, <= 6 months, respectively) of CM intake is found in lowering HbA1c. To conclude, long-term consumption of CM by patients with diabetes could be a useful adjuvant therapy alongside classical medications, especially in lowering the required insulin dose and HbA1c. Due to the high heterogeneity observed in the included studies, more controlled trials with a larger sample size are warranted to confirm our results and to control some confounders and interfering factors existing in the analyzed articles.
A Plant-Based Meal Increases Gastrointestinal Hormones and Satiety More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Processed-Meat Meal in T2D, Obese, and Healthy Men: A Three-Group Randomized Crossover Study; Gastrointestinal hormones are involved in regulation of glucose metabolism and satiety. We tested the acute effect of meal composition on these hormones in three population groups. A randomized crossover design was used to examine the effects of two energy- and macronutrient-matched meals: a processed-meat and cheese (M-meal) and a vegan meal with tofu (V-meal) on gastrointestinal hormones, and satiety in men with type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 20), obese men (O, n = 20), and healthy men (H, n = 20). Plasma concentrations of glucagon-like peptide -1 (GLP-1), amylin, and peptide YY (PYY) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. Visual analogue scale was used to assess satiety. We used repeated-measures Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for statistical analysis. Postprandial secretion of GLP-1 increased after the V-meal in T2D (by 30.5%; 95%CI 21.2 to 40.7%; p < 0.001) and H (by 15.8%; 95%CI 8.6 to 23.5%; p = 0.01). Postprandial plasma concentrations of amylin increased in in all groups after the V-meal: by 15.7% in T2D (95%CI 11.8 to 19.6%; p < 0.001); by 11.5% in O (95%CI 7.8 to 15.3%; p = 0.03); and by 13.8% in H (95%CI 8.4 to 19.5%; p < 0.001). An increase in postprandial values of PYY after the V-meal was significant only in H (by 18.9%; 95%CI 7.5 to 31.3%; p = 0.03). Satiety was greater in all participants after the V-meal: by 9% in T2D (95%CI 4.4 to 13.6%; p = 0.004); by 18.7% in O (95%CI 12.8 to 24.6%; p < 0.001); and by 25% in H (95%CI 18.2 to 31.7%; p < 0.001). Our results indicate there is an increase in gut hormones and satiety, following consumption of a single plant-based meal with tofu when compared with an energy- and macronutrient-matched processed-meat meat and cheese meal, in healthy, obese and diabetic men.
Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption and Renal Function Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Nephropathy: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end-stage renal disease. Dietary approaches have been considered to control of the kidney function deterioration among these patients. The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of fortified soy milk with Lactobacillus plantarum A7 on renal function biomarkers in type 2 DN patients. Forty-eight DN subjects were attended to this parallel randomized trial study. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200mL/day probiotic soy milk in intervention group or soy milk in the control condition for 8weeks. An inflammatory adipokineProgranulin (PGRN), a cytokine receptor-soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (sTNFR1), and serum levels of Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and cystatin C (Cys-C) as the new renal function biomarkers were measured after 8weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol. Our analysis showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in the Cys-C and PGRN levels compared with the soy milk (P=0.01) in the final adjusted model. In addition, after adjustment for age, weight, and energy intake, a marginally significant in the NGAL level was seen between two groups (P=0.05). However, there was no significant differences on the sTNFR1concenteration between two groups (P=0.06). Overall, intake of probiotic soy milk may have a beneficial effect on the renal function in patients with DN.
The Metabolic Syndrome and Carotid Intima-Media Thickness in Relation to the Parathyroid Hormone to 25-OH-D<sub>3</sub> Ratio in a General Population; BACKGROUND Parathyroid hormone (PTH) and vitamin D interactively regulate calcium fluxes across membranes, and thereby modulate insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, and arterial calcification. We hypothesized that lower calcium intake as reflected by circulating PTH and 25-OH-D-3 might be associated with the metabolic syndrome (MS) and arterial calcification. METHODS In a random population sample (n = 542; 50.5% women; mean age, 49.8 +/- 13.1 years), we measured MS prevalence (International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and American Heart Association (AHA) criteria), PTH and 25-OH-D-3, serum and 24-h urinary calcium, MS components, carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), and calcium intake from dairy products. We assessed associations in multivariable-adjusted analyses, using linear and logistic regressions. RESULTS The prevalence of MS was 21.0% (IDF criteria) and 23.6% (AHA criteria). MS prevalence, blood pressure, waist circumference, body mass index, fasting blood glucose, insulin and triglycerides, and CIMT increased (P <= 0.042) across quartiles of the PTH/25-OH-D-3 ratio, whereas serum and 24-h urinary calcium decreased (P <= 0.029). Waist circumference and fasting blood glucose decreased across quartiles of habitual calcium intake (P <= 0.04). In models that included MS (IDF) and PTH/25-OH-D-3, the regression coefficients relating CIMT to PTH/25-OH-D-3 ratio and MS were +51 mu m (P = 0.013) and +19 mu m (P = 0.45), respectively. Multivariable-adjusted analyses were confirmatory. CONCLUSIONS MS prevalence and CIMT were positively associated with PTH/25-OH-D-3. CIMT was not associated with MS. Prospective studies and intervention trials should address the causality of these associations.
Lifestyle and Dietary Factors Associated with the Evolution of Cardiometabolic Risk over Four Years in West-African Adults: The Benin Study; Aim. To assess in adults from Benin changes in cardiometabolic risk (CMR) using both the Framingham risk score (FRS) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) and to examine the effects of diet, and lifestyles, controlling for location and socioeconomic status. Methods. Apparently healthy subjects (n = 541) aged 25-60 years and randomly selected in the largest city, a small town, and rural areas were included in the four-year longitudinal study. Along with CMR factors, socioeconomic, diet and lifestyle data were collected in individual interviews. A food score based on consumption frequency of four "sentinel" food groups (meat and poultry, dairy, eggs, and vegetables) was developed. Lifestyle included physical activity, alcohol and tobacco use. Education and income (proxy) were the socioeconomic variables. Results. Among the subjects with four-year follow-up data (n = 416), 13.5% were at risk at baseline, showing MetS or FRS = 10%. The incidence of MetS and FRS = 10% during follow-up was 8.2% and 5%, respectively. CMR deteriorated in 21% of subjects. Diet and lifestyle mediated location and income effects on CMR evolution. Low food scores and inactivity increased the likelihood of CMR deterioration. Conclusion. Combining MetS and FRS might be appropriate for surveillance purposes in order to better capture CMR and inform preventive measures.
The glycaemic index and insulinaemic index of commercially available breakfast and snack foods in an Asian population; A low-glycaemic-index (GI) breakfast has been shown to lower blood glucose levels throughout the day. A wide variety of breakfast foods are consumed, but their GI values are largely unknown, hence limiting consumers' ability to select healthier options. This study investigated the GI values of ten common breakfast (five Asian and five Western) foods in this region using a randomised, cross-over study design. Participants arrived after an overnight fast, and fasting blood sample was taken before participants consumed test foods. Next, blood samples were taken at fixed intervals for 180 min. Glycaemic and insulinaemic responses to test foods were calculated as incremental AUC over 120 min, which were subsequently reported as glycaemic and insulinaemic indices. In all, nineteen healthy men (nine Chinese and ten Indians) aged 24.7 (SEM 0.4) years with a BMI of 21.7 (SEM 0.4) kg/m(2) completed the study. Asian breakfast foods were of medium (white bun filled with red bean paste= 58 (SEM 4); Chinese steamed white bun = 58 (SEM 3)) to high GI (rice idli = 85 (SEM 4); rice dosa =76 (SEM 5); upma = 71 (SEM 6)), whereas Western breakfast foods were all of low GI (whole-grain biscuit= 54 (SEM 5); whole-grain biscuit filled with peanut butter = 44 (SEM 3); whole-grain oat muesli = 55 (SEM 4); whole-grain oat protein granola = 51 (SEM 4); whole-grain protein cereal = 49 (SEM 3)). The GI of test foods negatively correlated with protein (r(s) - 0.366), fat (r(s) - 0.268) and dietary fibre (r(s) - 0.422) (all P<0.001). GI values from this study contribute to the worldwide. GI database, and may assist healthcare professionals in recommending low-GI breakfast to assist in lower daily glycaemia among Asians who are susceptible to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of milk protein intake and casein-to-whey ratio in breakfast meals on postprandial glucose, satiety ratings, and subsequent meal intake; Whey and casein proteins differentially affect postprandial blood glucose and satiety mechanisms, with relevance for type 2 diabetes and obesity. Therefore, the purpose of this work was to investigate the effect of the casein-to-whey protein ratio and total protein concentration of milks consumed with cereal on postprandial blood glucose, appetite ratings, and subsequent food intake in a randomized, controlled, double-blinded study with healthy young adults (n = 32, 23.4 +/- 3.1 yr, body mass index = 22.2 +/- 2.5 kg/m(2)). Fasted participants consumed milk (250 mL) with either 80:20 or 40:60 (modified) casein-to-whey protein ratios at commercially normal (3.1%, wt) or high protein (9.3%, wt) concentration, or control (water with whey permeate), each along with 2 servings of oat-based breakfast cereal. Blood glucose concentrations were determined from finger prick blood samples and appetite was assessed using visual analog scales. Participants consumed a measured ad libitum pizza lunch at 120 min and blood glucose determination and appetite assessment continued following the lunch meal (140-200 min) to observe the second meal effect. Pre-lunch (0-120 min) incremental area under the curve (iAUC) and mean change from baseline blood glucose were reduced with consumption of all milk treatments relative to control. However, we found no differences between all treatments on pre-lunch appetite change from baseline and total area under the curve (tAUC) or lunch meal food intake. In terms of protein concentration results, high protein (9.3%, wt) treatments contrasted to normal protein (3.1%, wt) treatments lowered blood glucose change from baseline and iAUC, and post-lunch appetite change from baseline and tAUC. Protein ratio showed a modest effect in that modified (40:60) protein ratio lowered pre-lunch blood glucose change from baseline but not iAUC, and normal (80:20) protein ratio lowered pre-lunch appetite change from baseline but not tAUC. Therefore, high-carbohydrate breakfast meals with increased protein concentration (9.3%, wt) could be a dietary strategy for the attenuation of blood glucose and improved satiety ratings after the second meal.
Serum biochemistry profile of dairy calves fed with alternative liquid diets; Metabolic profile is used as routine monitoring for the diagnosis of metabolic disorders, nutritional deficiencies, and as a preventive of subclinical disorders, in addition to research health issues and performance of a herd. In this context, the aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of different liquid diets containing whey cheese and colostrum on the serum biochemistry profile of calves. Twenty-four crossbred calves from dairy herds in the region, distributed in a completely randomized design with three treatments and eight replicates: LI = Whole milk (control); LS = 50% Whole milk + 50% cheese whey in nature; SC = 70% of cheese whey in natura + 30% Colostrum. Weekly blood samples by jugular puncture were collected in the morning, before the supply of liquid diet and two hours after eating this. The serum concentrations of the evaluated parameters differ between treatments, but without compromising animal performance. Thus, the use of whey associated with colostrum presents itself as a viable cost reduction with feeding calves, since possible nutritional deficits caused by differences in liquid diets are supplied by solid food form, not affecting the profiles of the metabolites related to serum protein and energy status.
Role of probiotics in modulating glucose homeostasis: evidence from animal and human studies; Aim: Evidences from several studies suggest that probiotics affect glucose homeostasis. This paper reviews the results of animal and human studies on the role of probiotics in modulating glucose homeostasis. Method: A systematic literature search using multiple databases was conducted without time limitation. Primary outcomes evaluated were parameters related to glucose homeostasis. Secondary outcomes were inflammatory markers, lipid profile, body weight, and energy intake. Results: A total of 17 animal studies and four human studies were identified. Among these, 16 animal studies and three human studies had documented significant improvements in at least one glucose homeostasis related parameter. Inflammatory markers and lipid profile were significantly improved in the animal model, while data from human studies were controversial. Changes in body weight and energy intake that could be due to probiotics supplementation were also inconclusive. Conclusion: Well-designed placebo-controlled clinical trials with validated outcome variables are needed to determine the effect of probiotics on glucose homeostasis.
Practical use of clinical cytology for the diagnosis of hepatic lipidosis in dairy cattle; Hepatic lipidosis is a metabolic disorder that occurs frequently in dairy cattle. Its clinical evaluation on dairy farms is complex, as it is based on physical, chemical and biological tests. The present study evaluates the practical use of hepatic cytology in dairy cattle and suggests that overall health and dairy production rates of animals are not compromised with this procedure. Cell and blood samples were obtained from 25 randomly selected multiparous Holstein dairy cows at three different times during the transition period (at calving and at 10 and 21 days postpartum). The values of haematocrit, plasma protein, fibrinogen, and total and differential leucocyte counts were determined, together with total protein, albumin, glutamate dehydrogenase, triacylglycerides, cholesterol and beta-hydroxybutyrate. Cytological results were classified by the detected degree of fatty infiltration, and haematological and metabolic results were compared between each sampled period. The health status and the daily milk production at each sampling stage were recorded. Obtained results indicated that the animals did not show significant clinical inflammation or a decrease in dairy production, which could be deemed secondary to the cytological sampling. This technique is thus regarded as a feasible alternative for the diagnosis of hepatic lipidosis in dairy cattle.
Effect of Addition of Fibercreme® to Precooked Rice Physical and Sensory Characteristics and Dietary Fiber Levels; Prevention of an increased prevalence of type-2 diabetes in indonesia can be done by going on a diet by consuming foods that are high in dietary fiber and resistant starch. Rice is a staple food in Indonesia which has a relatively low content of dietary fiber and resistant starch. Increasing dietary fiber and resistant starch in rice can be done through pre cooking combined with the addition of fibercreme. Retrogradation process that occurs in rice starch when pre-cooked can increase resistant starch levels in rice. In addition, the interaction between the amylose content in rice and the fat in fiberceme can produce an amylose-lipid complex known as type 5 resistant starch (RS5). The addition of fibercreme which is a non-dairy creamer with a high oligosaccharide content can increase the levels of dietary fiber in pre-cooked rice. This research aimed to evaluate the effect of adding two types of fibercreme namely fibercreme-inulin and fibercreme-IMO with a concentration of 3.23%; 6.45% and 12.9% during pre-cooking on resistant starch and dietary fiber levels as well as the physical characteristics and sensory properties of precooked rice. This research was conducted using a Completely Randomized Design (CRD). The results showed that the addition of fibercreme-inulin and fibercreme-IMO with the concentration of 12.9% increased the resistant starch by 28.5% and 32.64% respectively, increased the dietary fiber levels by 64.74% and 64.88% respectively, and decreased the amylose levels by 23.74% and 15.52% respectively. The treatment did not affect the texture of the precooked rice but decreased the WHC and bulk density of the pre-cooked rice. The addition of fibercreme during precooking also increased the acceptance of the pre-cooked rice with the highest acceptance score found in the precooked rice with the addition of fibercreme-inulin at the concentration of 12.9%.
Effect of multispecies probiotic supplements on serum minerals, liver enzymes and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes; Emerging evidence suggests that diabetes is associated with altering serum minerals, elevated liver enzymatic activity and blood pressures. This study was designed to determine the effects of multispecies probiotic supplements on serum minerals, liver enzymes and blood pressure in diabetic patients. This randomized double-blinded controlled clinical trial was performed among 58 diabetic patients aged 35-70 y. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either multispecies probiotic supplements (N = 28) or the placebo group (N = 30) for 8 weeks. The multispecies probiotic supplement was consisted of seven viable and freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus casei (7 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus rhamnosus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus bulgaricus (2 x 10(8) CFU), Bifidobacterium breve (2 x 10(10) CFU), Bifidobacterium longum (7 x 10(9) CFU), Streptococcus thermophilus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU) and 100 mg fructo-oligosaccharide with lactose as carrier substances. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8-week intervention to measure serum minerals, liver enzymes and total bilirubin. Consumption of the probiotic supplements, compared to the placebo, resulted in an increased serum calcium concentrations (0.21 vs. -0.83 mg/dL, P = 0.009) and a decreased serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels (-2.46 vs. 4.62 mg/dL, P = 0.02). We did not find a significant difference in terms of effect on serum magnesium, zinc, iron, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels and blood pressures comparing the two groups. In conclusion, multispecies probiotic supplementation among diabetic patients had beneficial effects on serum calcium and ALT concentrations.
Alleviation of Metabolic Endotoxemia by Milk Fat Globule Membrane: Rationale, Design, and Methods of a Double-Blind, Randomized, Controlled, Crossover Dietary Intervention in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome; Background: Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) is a phospholipid-rich component of dairy fat that might explain the benefits of full-fat dairy products on cardiometabolic risk. Preclinical studies support that MFGM decreases gut permeability, which could attenuate gut-derived endotoxin translocation and consequent inflammatory responses that impair cardiometabolic health. Objectives: To describe the rationale, study design, and planned outcomes that will evaluate the efficacy of MFGM-enriched milk compared with a comparator beverage on health-promoting gut barrier functions in persons with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Methods: We plan a double-blind, randomized, crossover trial in which people with MetS will receive a rigorously controlled eucaloric diet for 2 wk that contains 3 daily servings of an MFGM-enriched bovine milk beverage or a comparator beverage that is formulated with nonfat dairy powder, coconut and palm oils, and soy phospholipids. Compliance will be monitored by assessing urinary para-aminobenzoic acid that is added to all test beverages. After the intervention, participants will ingest a high-fat/high-carbohydrate meal challenge to assess metabolic excursions at 30-min intervals for 3 h. Nondigestible sugar probes also will be ingested prior to collecting 24-h urine to assess region-specific gut permeability. Intervention efficacy will be determined based on circulating endotoxin (primary outcome) and glycemia (secondary outcome). Tertiary outcomes include: gut and systemic inflammatory responses, microbiota composition and SCFAs, gut permeability, and circulating insulin and incretins. Expected results: MFGM is expected to decrease circulating endotoxin and glycemia without altering body mass. These improvements are anticipated to be accompanied by decreased gut permeability, decreased intestinal and circulating biomarkers of inflammation, increased circulating incretins, and beneficial antimicrobial and prebiotic effects in the gut microbiome. Conclusions: Demonstration of improvements in gut barrier functions that limit endotoxemia and glycemia could help to establish direct evidence that full-fat dairy lowers cardiometabolic risk, especially in people with MetS. The clinical trial associated with this article has been registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03860584).
Consumption of dairy foods and diabetes incidence: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies; Background: A growing number of cohort studies suggest a potential role of dairy consumption in type 2 diabetes (T2D) prevention. The strength of this association and the amount of dairy needed is not clear. Objective: We performed a meta-analysis to quantify the associations of incident T2D with dairy foods at different levels of intake. Design: A systematic literature search of the PubMed, Scopus, and Embase databases (from inception to 14 April 2015) was supplemented by hand searches of reference lists and correspondence with authors of prior studies. Included were prospective cohort studies that examined the association between dairy and incident T2D in healthy adults. Data were extracted with the use of a predefined protocol, with double data-entry and study quality assessments. Random-effects meta-analyses with summarized dose-response data were performed for total, low-fat, and high-fat dairy, (types of) milk, (types of) fermented dairy, cream, ice cream, and sherbet. Nonlinear associations were investigated, with data modeled with the use of spline knots and visualized via spaghetti plots. Results: The analysis included 22 cohort studies comprised of 579,832 individuals and 43,118 T2D cases. Total dairy was inversely associated with T2D risk (RR: 0.97 per 200-g/d increment; 95% CI: 0.95, 1.00; P = 0.04; I-2 = 66%), with a suggestive but similar linear inverse association noted for low-fat dairy (RR: 0.96 per 200 g/d; 95% CI: 0.92, 1.00; P = 0.072; I-2 = 68%). Nonlinear inverse associations were found for yogurt intake (at 80 g/d, RR: 0.86 compared with 0 g/d; 95% CI: 0.83, 0.90; P < 0.001; I-2 = 73%) and ice cream intake (at similar to 10 g/d, RR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.78, 0.85; P < 0.001; I-2 = 86%), but no added incremental benefits were found at a higher intake. Other dairy types were not associated with T2D risk. Conclusion: This dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies suggests a possible role for dairy foods, particularly yogurt, in the prevention of T2D. Results should be considered in the context of the observed heterogeneity.
A Dietary Biomarker Approach Captures Compliance and Cardiometabolic Effects of a Healthy Nordic Diet in Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome; Assessment of compliance with dietary interventions is necessary to understand the observed magnitude of the health effects of the diet per se. To avoid reporting bias, different dietary biomarkers (DBs) could be used instead of self-reported data. However, few studies investigated a combination of DBs to assess compliance and its influence on cardiometabolic risk factors. The objectives of this study were to use a combination of DBs to assess compliance and to investigate how a healthy Nordic diet (ND) influences cardiometabolic risk factors in participants with high apparent compliance compared with the whole study population. From a recently conducted isocaloric randomized trial, SYSDIET (Systems Biology in Controlled Dietary Interventions and Cohort Studies), in 166 individuals with metabolic syndrome, several DBs were assessed to reflect different key components of the ND: canola oil (serum phospholipid alpha-linolenic acid), fatty fish (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)), vegetables (plasma beta-carotene), and whole grains (plasma alkylresorcinols). High-fat dairy intake (expectedly low in the ND) was, reflected by Serum pentadecanoic acid. All participants with biomarker data (n = 154) were included in the analyses. Biomarkers were combined by using a biomarker rank score (DB score) and principal component analysis (PCA). The DB score was then used to assess compliance. During the intervention, median concentrations of alkylresorcinols, alpha-linolenic acid, EPA, and DHA were >25% higher in the ND individuals than in the controls (P<0.05), whereas median concentrations of pentadecanoic acid were 14% higher in controls (P<0 05). Median DB score was 57% higher in the ND than in controls (P < 0 001) during the intervention, and participants were ranked similarly by DB score and PCA score. Overall, estimates of group difference in cardiometabolic effects generally appeared to be greater among compliant participants than in the whole study population (e.g., estimates of treatment effects on blood pressure and lipoproteins were similar to 1.5- to 2-fold greater in the most compliant participants), suggesting that poor compliance attenuated the dietary effects. With adequate consideration of their limitations, DB combinations (e.g., DB score) could be useful for assessing compliance in intervention studies investigating cardiometabolic effects of healthy dietary patterns. The study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00992641.
Correlation of oxidative stress-related indicators with milk composition and metabolites in early lactating dairy cows; Background: In highly intensive dairy farms, cows often suffer from metabolic disorders that cause severe oxidative stress. Objectives: This study aimed to observe correlations and associations of oxidative stress-related indicators with milk compositions andmetabolites. Methods: Twenty-two multiparous Holstein dairy cows in early lactation were randomly selected from a commercial dairy farm. The morning milk was collected for composition and metabolites analysis. Blood was sampled via the tail vein to analyze oxidative stress-related indicators (reactive oxygen species, ROS; catalase, CAT; superoxide dismutase, SOD; glutathione peroxidase, GPX; malondialdehyde, MDA) and metabolites. Results: Results showed that ROS were positively correlated with CAT, GPX, SOD, and MDA. However, the levels of CAT, GPX, and SOD were negatively related to milk fat (P < 0.05). Nineteen serum and 7 milk metabolites were selected from detectable metabolites according to their correlations with ROS, CAT, GPX, and SOD (P < 0.05). Metabolic pathway analysis and the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) database revealed that these metabolites are primarily involved in themetabolic pathways of carbohydrates and amino acids. Conclusions: This study gave us a better understanding on oxidative stress that ROS not only increased oxidative damage (MDA) in dairy cows, but also altered some metabolites involved in amino acid and carbohydrate metabolism.
Effects of Sesame Butter (Ardeh) versus Sesame Oil on Metabolic and Oxidative Stress Markers in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats; Background: Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders and is related to oxidative-stress-induced diseases. Given the role of dietary antioxidants in the control and prevention of diabetes, this study aimed to examine the effects of sesame butter versus sesame oil on the serum levels of glucose, lipid profile, and oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic rats. Methods: Forty male albino rats of Wistar strain were randomly divided into 4 groups (i.e., nondiabetic control rats, diabetic rats, diabetic rats treated with sesame butter, and diabetic rats treated with sesame oil). Experimental diabetes was induced with an intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (55 mg/kg). Sesame butter (1.25 g/kg) and sesame oil (0.5 g/kg) were given by oral gavage to the diabetic rats for 6 weeks. Finally, serum glucose, lipid profile, total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels were measured and analyzed statistically. Results: Our data showed that the diabetic groups treated with sesame butter and sesame oil had significantly lower levels of glucose and higher levels of high-density lipoprotein than did the diabetic control group at the end of the study (P<0.05). Sesame butter supplementation also increased TAC and decreased MDA concentrations significantly in the diabetic rats (P<0.05). Conclusion: The antihyperglycemic, antioxidative, and partly lipid-lowering effects of sesame butter make it an excellent candidate for future human studies on diabetes, although further research is needed to determine the exact dose and duration of supplementation.
Probiotics in pregnancy and maternal outcomes: a systematic review; Objectives: To systematically review the literature on the use of probiotics in pregnancy and their impact on maternal outcomes. Methods: Online databases were searched in April 2012 using the following terms to identify eligible studies: "probiotics", "pregnancy", "maternal outcomes" and "metabolism". Primary outcomes of selected studies were maternal fasting glucose during pregnancy and rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Secondary outcomes were rates of pre-eclampsia, maternal inflammatory markers and lipid profiles and gestational weight gain. Studies whose primary outcomes were bacterial vaginosis, pre-term delivery and infant atopy were excluded. Only English-language articles were included. The limited number of eligible studies and varying outcomes precluded formal meta-analysis of these data. Results: Initially, 189 articles were identified and screened. Seven articles met inclusion criteria and are included in the present review. Results demonstrated that probiotic use in pregnancy could significantly reduce maternal fasting glucose, incidence of GDM and pre-eclampsia rates and levels of C-reactive protein. Conclusions: Probiotics hold potential as a safe therapeutic tool for the prevention of pregnancy complications and adverse outcomes related to maternal metabolism. Further randomised controlled trials are urgently required, particularly among those at high risk of metabolic disorders, such as overweight and obese pregnant women.
Effect of probiotic foods and supplements on blood pressure: a systematic review of meta-analyses studies of controlled trials; Objective Recent evidences suggested that hypertension was associated with changes in gut microbiota composition. As intervention with probiotics might be considered as one of the approaches for modulating gut microbiota, the objective of the present study was to systematically review the meta-analyses of controlled trials (CTs) to elucidate the effects of probiotics on blood pressure. Methods We searched PubMed, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases until November 2019 to explore all the meta-analyses conducted on the CTs assessing the efficacy of probiotics in the management of blood pressure (BP). Meta-analyses performed on in vitro, animal or observational studies were excluded from the study. References of the included studies were also screened to obtain further eligible publications. Results From the 111 records which were identified during the literature search, 5 meta-analyses met the selection criteria. Total sample size was 2703 subjects (1009 subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)), aged 12-75 years from both sexes. Results of meta-analyses have been shown a moderate effect of probiotics on BP in hypertensive adults with/without T2DM; from 3.10 to 5.04 mmHg for systolic blood pressure (SBP) and from 0.39 to 3.84 mmHg for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) after 3-24 weeks consumption. These effects were greater in adults with BP >= 130/85, by dairy products, by Asian fermented products with multiple species and higher dose of probiotics (>= 10(11) colony forming units (CFU)). Conclusion It seems probiotic foods and supplements which were contained high dose multiple species of probiotic bacteria could be more effective in BP control.
Effect of acute and short-term dietary fat ingestion on postprandial skeletal muscle protein synthesis rates in middle-aged, overweight, and obese men; Muscle anabolic resistance to dietary protein is associated with obesity and insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess consumption of fat to anabolic resistance is not well studied. The aim of these studies was to test the hypothesis that acute and short-term dietary fat overload will impair the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion. Eight overweight/obese men [46.4 +/- 1.4 yr, body mass index (BMI) 32.3 +/- 5.4 kg/m(2)] participated in the acute feeding study, which consisted of two randomized crossover trials. On each occasion, subjects ingested an oral meal (with and without fat emulsion), 4 h before the coingestion of milk protein, intrinsically labeled with [1-C-13]phenylalanine, and dextrose. Nine overweight/obese men (44.0 +/- 1.7 yr, BMI 30.1 +/- 1.1 kg/m(2)) participated in the chronic study, which consisted of a baseline, 1-wk isocaloric diet, followed by a 2-wk high-fat diet (+25% energy excess). Acutely, incorporation of dietary amino acids into the skeletal muscle was twofold higher (P < 0.05) in the lipid trial compared with control. There was no effect of prior lipid ingestion on indices of insulin sensitivity (muscle glucose uptake, pyruvate dehydrogenase complex activity, and Akt phosphorylation) in response to the protein/dextrose drink. Fat overfeeding had no effect on muscle protein synthesis or glucose disposal in response to whey protein ingestion, despite increased muscle diacylglycerol C16:0 (P = 0.06) and ceramide C16:0 (P < 0.01) levels. Neither acute nor short-term dietary fat overload has a detrimental effect on the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion in overweight/obese men, suggesting that dietary-induced accumulation of intramuscular lipids per se is not associated with anabolic resistance.
Effect of glucogenic vs. lipogenic diets on energy balance, blood metabolites, and reproduction in primiparous and multiparous dairy cows in early lactation; Increasing the availability of glucogenic nutrients relative to lipogenic nutrients has been hypothesized to decrease the production of milk fat, to improve the energy balance (EB), and to decrease the incidence and severity of metabolic and reproductive disorders in dairy cows in early lactation. Therefore, our objective was to evaluate the effects of a glucogenic, lipogenic, or mixed diet on EB, plasma metabolites and metabolic hormones, liver triacylglycerides (TAG), and reproductive variables in high-producing dairy cows in early lactation. Cows (n = 114) were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets and were fed either a mainly lipogenic diet, a mainly glucogenic diet, or a mixture of both diets (50:50 dry matter basis) from wk 3 before the expected calving date until 9 wk postpartum. Diets were isocaloric (net energy basis) and equal in intestinal digestible protein. Dry matter intake, net energy intake, milk yield, and milk protein percentage did not differ among diets. Milk lactose percentage was less for cows fed the lipogenic diet. Milk fat percentage was less for multiparous cows fed the glucogenic diet compared with cows fed the mixed or lipogenic diet (3.69 vs. 4.02 vs. 4.22 +/- 0.07%, respectively). The calculated EB was less negative for multiparous cows fed the glucogenic diet compared with cows fed the mixed or lipogenic diet [-33 vs. -125 vs. -89 +/- 21 kJ/(kg(0.75)center dot d), respectively]. Postpartum, the glucogenic diet decreased plasma nonesterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, and liver TAG concentrations and increased insulin concentration in multiparous cows. The glucogenic diet tended to decrease the number of days until first milk progesterone rise in multiparous cows compared with the mixed or lipogenic diet (20.4 vs. 24.4 vs. 26.4 +/- 2.1 d, respectively). Diet had no effect on any of the above-mentioned variables in primiparous cows, except that milk lactose percentage was greater for primiparous cows fed the glucogenic diet. We concluded that the glucogenic diet was effective in improving the calculated EB and decreasing plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate and liver TAG concentrations, suggesting a reduced risk of metabolic disorders in multiparous dairy cows fed a glucogenic diet.
Clinically manifested major health problems of crossbred dairy herds in urban and periurban production systems in the central highlands of Ethiopia; The major clinical diseases of crossbred dairy herds were investigated for two years in a milk shed in Addis Ababa. Animals in 38 herds were randomly selected and visited weekly. Diagnosis of diseases and causes of death were based on clinical observation. Disease conditions were categorized into 8 groups, the mean annual incidence for all diseases being 44.7%. Reproductive diseases and clinical mastitis were most frequently observed, whereas gastrointestinal disorders, respiratory tract diseases, locomotor disorders and metabolic diseases each occurred in less than 5% of the cattle. Specific infectious and miscellaneous disease conditions each had annual incidence of about 6%. Cows and young stock were most affected and diseases were more frequent in urban situations than in periurban situations. Herd size and season significantly influenced the incidence of disease but study year did not. The crude mortality rate was 4.2%.
Review article:: probiotics in gastrointestinal and liver diseases; Background Probiotics, defined as live micro-organisms with beneficial effects for the host, are widely applied in gastrointestinal and liver diseases. Aim and method To review the available evidence of clinical trials on probiotics in gastrointestinal and liver diseases, with a major focus on irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease, pancreatitis and chronic liver diseases. Results Evidence for the therapeutic or preventive application of particular probiotic strains is available for antibiotic-associated diarrhoea, rota-virus-associated diarrhoea and pouchitis. Results are encouraging for irritable bowel syndrome, ulcerative colitis and for reducing side effects by Helicobacter pylori eradication therapies, but are less clear for Crohn's disease, lactose intolerance and constipation. In general, for most of these patient groups, more placebo-controlled methodologically well-designed studies that pay attention to both clinical outcome and mechanistic aspects are required. The application in liver disease and pancreatitis is promising, but more human trials have to be awaited. Possible mechanisms of probiotics include modulation of the intestinal microbiota and the immune system, but different bacterial may have different effects. Conclusion Further insight into disease entities and the functioning of probiotic strains is required to be able to select disease-specific strains, which have to be tested in well-designed placebo-controlled studies.
Propranolol regulates ERK1/2 signaling pathway and promotes chronic wound healing in diabetic rats; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate if propranolol could regulate ERK1/2 signaling pathway and promote chronic wound healing in diabetic rats. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twenty-two rats were used to establish a diabetic chronic wound animal model. They were randomly separated into two groups: the propranolol group and the control group. The propranolol group was treated with propranolol ointment and the control group was treated with propranolol matrix cream to cover the wound surface. The expression of the p-ERK1/2 protein was detected by the Western Blot. RT-qPCR was used to detect the expression of VEGF. The concentrations of IL-6 and TNF-alpha were detected by ELISA. RESULTS: The body weight of rats was significantly reduced after type 2 diabetes mellitus modeling. The healing rate of rats in the control group was significantly lower than that in the propranolol group (p<0.05). There was a significant increase in the expression of the p-ERK1/2 protein in the wound tissue of the propranolol group compared with that in the control group, except for the 11th day (p<0.05). The relative expression of Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGF) in the propranolol group was significantly higher than that in the control group on the 2nd day (p<0.05), while the relative expression of VEGF in the propranolol group was significantly increased on the 11th day after modeling (p<0.05). On the 20th day, the expressions of IL-6 and TNF-alpha in the propranolol group were significantly higher than those in the control group, and there were significant differences (p<0.05). It was found that the IL-6 and TNF-alpha expressions in the propranolol group reached the peak on the 11th day and then gradually decreased (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The results indicated that propranolol can accelerate the healing of diabetic wounds by regulating the expression of VEGF by phosphorylation of ERK1/2 protein, thus promoting chronic wound healing in diabetes.
A Mini Review on Antidiabetic Properties of Fermented Foods; In general, fermented foods (FFs) are considered as functional foods. Since the awareness about the health benefits of FFs has increased, the consumption of FF also improved significantly in recent decades. Diabetes is one of the leading threats of the health span of an individual. The present manuscript details the general methods of the production of FFs, and the results of various studies (in vitro, in vivo, and clinical studies) on the antidiabetic properties of FFs. The fermentation method and the active microbes involved in the process play a crucial role in the functional properties of FFs. Several in vitro and in vivo studies have been reported on the health-promoting properties of FFs, such as anti-inflammation, anticancer, antioxidant properties, improved cognitive function and gastrointestinal health, and the reduced presence of metabolic disorders. The studies on the functional properties of FFs by randomized controlled clinical trials using human volunteers are very limited for several reasons, including ethical reasons, safety concerns, approval from the government, etc. Several scientific teams are working on the development of complementary and alternative medicines to improve the treatment strategies for hyperglycemia.
Effect of rumen-protected branched-chain amino acid supplementation on production- and energy-related metabolites during the first 35 days in milk in Holstein dairy cows; Essential AA are critical for multiple physiological processes. Branched-chain AA (BCAA) supplementation has beneficial effects on body weight, lipogenesis, and insulin resistance in several species. The BCAA are used for milk and body protein synthesis as well as being oxidized by the tricarboxylic acid cycle to produce ATP during catabolic states. The objective was to evaluate the effect of rumen-protected BCAA (375 g of 27% L-Leu, 85 g of 48% L-Ile, and 91 g of 67% L-Val) with or without propylene glycol (PG) oral administration on milk production, dry matter intake, nonesterified fatty acids, 3-hydroxybutyrate, and plasma urea nitrogen during the first 35 d in milk (DIM) in dairy cattle. Multiparous Holstein cows were enrolled in blocks of three 28 d before expected calving and assigned randomly to either the control or 1 of 2 treatments. The control (n = 26) received 200 g/d of dry molasses, the BCAA treatment (n = 23) received BCAA mixed with 200 g/d of dry molasses from calving until 35 DIM, and the BCAA plus PG (BCAAPG) treatment (n = 25) received BCAA mixed with 200 g/d of dry molasses from calving until 35 DIM plus 300 mL of PG once daily from calving until 7 DIM. Postpartum, dry matter intake least squares means (LSM; 95% confidence interval) were 20.7 (19.9, 21.7), 21.3 (20.4, 22.3), and 21.9 (20.9, 22.8) kg for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG, respectively. Milk yield (1-35 DIM) LSM were 41.7 (39.4, 44.0), 42.7 (40.3, 45.0), and 43.7 (41.4, 46.0) kg for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG, respectively. Energy-corrected milk LSM were 50.3 (46.8, 53.7), 52.4 (48.9, 55.8), and 52.9 (49.5, 56.4) kg for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG, respectively. Milk urea nitrogen LSM in milk for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG were 8.60 (8.02, 9.22), 9.70 (9.01, 10.45), and 9.75 (9.08, 10.47) mg/dL. Plasma urea nitrogen concentrations LSM for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG were 8.3 (7.7, 8.9), 10.1 (9.4, 10.9), and 9.6 (9.4, 10.3) mg/dL, respectively. The numbers of plasma samples classified as hyperketonemia were 77, 44, and 57 in control, BCAA, and BCAAPG, respectively. The BCAA supplementation increased plasma urea nitrogen and milk urea nitrogen, free valine concentration in plasma, and decreased hyperketonemia events during the postpartum period.
Insulin sensitivity in calves decreases substantially during the first 3 months of life and is unaffected by weaning or fructo-oligosaccharide supplementation; Veal calves at the age of 4 to 6 mo often experience problems with glucose homeostasis, as indicated by postprandial hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. It is not clear to what extent the ontogenetic development of calves or the feeding strategy [e.g., prolonged milk replacer (MR) feeding] contribute to this pathology. The objective of this study was therefore to analyze effects of MR feeding, weaning, and supplementation of short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (FOS) on the development of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in calves during the first 3 mo of life. Thirty male Holstein-Friesian calves (18 +/- 0.7 d of age) were assigned to 1 of 3 dietary treatments: the control (CON) group received MR only, the FOS group received MR with the addition of short-chain FOS, and the solid feed (SF) group was progressively weaned to SF. The CON and FOS calves received an amount of MR, which gradually increased (from 400 to 1,400 g/d) during the 71-d trial period. For the SF calves, the amount of MR increased from 400 to 850 g/d at d 30, and then gradually decreased, until completely weaned to only SF at d 63. The change in whole body insulin sensitivity was assessed by intravenous glucose tolerance tests. Milk tolerance tests were performed twice to assess changes in postprandial blood glucose, insulin, and nonesterified fatty acid responses. Whole-body insulin sensitivity was high at the start (16.7 +/- 1.6 x 10-4 [mu U/mL](-1)), but decreased with age to 4.2 +/- 0.6 x 10-4 [mu U/mL](-1) at the end of the trial. The decrease in insulin sensitivity was most pronounced (-70%) between d 8 and 29 of the trial. Dietary treatments did not affect the decrease in insulin sensitivity. For CON and FOS calves, the postprandial insulin response was 3-fold higher at the end of the trial than at the start, whereas the glucose response remained similar. The SF calves, however, showed pronounced hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia at the end of the trial, although weaning did not affect insulin sensitivity. We conclude that whole body insulin sensitivity decreases by 75% in calves during the first 3 mo of life. Weaning or supplementation of short-chain FOS does not affect this age-related decline in insulin sensitivity. Glucose homeostasis is not affected by supplementation of short-chain FOS in young calves, whereas postprandial responses of glucose and insulin to a MR meal strongly increase after weaning.
Impact of milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity; Background: The impact of dairy intake on cardiometabolic risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS) needs further research. Objective: To investigate the impact of milk consumption on a wide array of cardiometabolic risk factors associated with MetS (blood lipids, cholesterol homeostasis, glucose homeostasis, systemic inflammation, blood pressure, endothelial function) in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity. Methods: In this randomized, crossover study, 27 women with abdominal obesity consumed two 6-week diets based on the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP), one with 3.2 servings/d of 2% fat milk per 2000 kcal (MILK) and one without milk or other dairy (NCEP). The macronutrient composition of both diets was comparable (55% carbohydrates, 15% proteins, 30% fat and 10% saturated fat). Results: The MILK diet had no significant effect on LDL-C, triglycerides, LDL size, CRP and cell adhesion molecule concentrations and on indicators of insulin sensitivity. The MILK diet reduced HDL-C, adiponectin, endothelin and fasting glucose levels as well blood pressure (all P <= 0.01), but those changes were comparable to those seen with the NCEP milk-free diet (all between-diet P >= 0.07). Finally, the MILK diet was associated with lower VLDL apolipoprotein B fractional catabolic rate (-13.4%; P = 0.04) and plasma sterol concentrations (-12.0%; P = 0.04) compared with the control NCEP milk-free diet. Conclusions: These data suggest that short-term consumption of low fat milk in the context of a prudent NCEP diet has no favorable nor deleterious effect on cardiometabolic risk factors associated with MetS in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity.
Weight Loss and Dietary Interventions for Hidradenitis Suppurativa: A Systematic Review; Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a common inflammatory disorder characterized by recurrent, painful, and malodorous abscesses and nodules predominantly in skin folds. HS is associated with substantial morbidity and poor quality of life. There are no curative therapies, and the only approved biologic drug has variable efficacy and requires high doses, making adjunct treatments crucial. An important risk factor for disease severity is obesity. Our primary objective was to conduct a systematic review examining weight loss and dietary interventions, in HS. Our secondary objective was to examine nutritional supplements in HS.A systematic literature search was conducted using Medline, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Database. We included all study types in adults (>18 years), with a minimum sample size of 5, examining the effects of any dietary or weight loss intervention on HS severity. Two authors screened n = 1279 articles of which 9 met inclusion criteria. All included studies were observational and all interventions were associated with various measures of decreased HS severity. Patient-controlled weight loss and bariatric surgery were associated with HS regression, though a subset of patients with significant increase in panniculi experienced exacerbations and required excision of excess skin. Diets demonstrating benefit eliminated dairy and brewer's yeast. Nutritional supplements including zinc gluconate, vitamin D, and riboflavin had a suppressive, rather than curative, effect on HS lesions in single studies. Overall, the reviewed interventions show promise as potential adjunct treatments in a HS management plan. Prospective randomized controlled trials should validate these findings.
Probiotic effects of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Zhang: From single strain omics to metagenomics; Lactobacillus casei Zhang (LCZ) is a well-studied probiotic bacterium that was inspired by traditional Mongolian medicine and isolated from naturally fermented koumiss in Inner Mongolia. There are three major stages of LCZ research and development. It contains single strain omics and in vitro evaluation stage (Stage 1), gut dominated microbes and in vivo evaluation stage (Stage 2) as well as metagenomics and clinical evaluation stage (Stage 3). LCZ was screened out from acid resistance, bile salt tolerance and processed favorable effects of in vitro cell adhesion characteristics and regulation of macrophage activity. And then, the whole genome of LCZ was determined and analyzed, which is the first identified Lactobacillus genome in China at 2008. Antibiotics resistance experiments showed a strong stability of LCZ genome under amoxicillin or gentamycin exposure through 2000 generations of laboratory evolution. A set of functional proteins such as NagA and NagB were identified from LCZ proteomics of growth process, acid stress or bile salt tolerance. Furthermore in vivo tests, LCZ has been demonstrated to process several beneficial effects including regulating microbiota abundance and ratios, lipid peroxidation inhibition and increasing antioxidant enzymes activities, regulating cellular and humoral immunity and tumor associated immune function, hepatoprotective effect and inhibition of liver transplanted tumor growth. Researchers have long appreciated the benefits of the gut microbiota to health. Moreover, LCZ was confirmed to promote the intestinal Bacteroides abundance and thereby alleviating impaired glucose tolerance and preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus by Q-PCR methods. Using the third generation PacBio sequencing technology, LCZ could delay the colon cancer progression in mice via altered gut microbiota composition and microbial acetic acid production. Detailedly, Alloprevotella rava and Parabacteroides merdae are the precise potential health-promoting species increased by LCZ intake. In addition to modulate gut microbiota composition, probiotic LCZ also manipulate bile acids, affects its conversation and induced tissue influx of chloride ion, which can impact the expression of chloride ion related proteins (eg.CLCN3 and CFTR). Small-scale human trial indicated that LCZ could maintain the abundance of gut microbiota, increase the number of beneficial bacteria and reduce potential harmful bacteria via 454 pyrosequencing. In 2018, a large-scale, randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled study was conducted by LCZ administration in Malaysian population. In adult subjects, it confirmed that LCZ could prevent upper respiratory tract infection including reducing the number of days for pharyngeal and general flu symptoms as well as nasal symptoms. In elderly populations, LCZ not only reduced nasal symptoms but also alleviated aged index including improving the mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration and erythrocyte sedimentation rate. These are attributing to microbiota modulation and its mediated immunity such as increased anti-inflammatory IL-4. It is suggested that LCZ will exert more benefits in microbiota regulation and became a promising health food / special medical food for preventive or therapeutic effects.
Egg and Dietary Cholesterol Consumption and the Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome: Findings from a Population-Based Nationwide Cohort; Background Although the Chinese Dietary Guidelines (2016) removed restrictions on dietary cholesterol intake, evidence of egg and dietary cholesterol intake and car-diometabolic diseases is inconsistent. Associations between egg and cholesterol con-sumption and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in non-Western populations are still poorly documented. Objective Our aim was to assess egg and dietary cholesterol intake in relation to the prevalence of MetS among participants in a Chinese nationwide study. Design This cross-sectional study used data from the China Health and Nutrition Survey (1991-20 09). Participants/setting The sample consisted of 8,241 healthy Chinese adults (20 years and older). Main outcome measures MetS cases were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Statistical analysis Cumulative means of egg and cholesterol consumption were calculated in accordance with 3 consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls in each examination cycle. Logistic regression models were conducted to assess the associations with prevalent MetS. Results Overall, 2,580 (31.3%) participants were identified as MetS cases in 2009. After multivariate adjustment, total egg consumption (>1 egg/d) was associated with 20% higher odds of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.20, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.37; P trend =.001) compared with consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d. Examining cooking methods, a positive association was observed between fried egg consumption and MetS odds (OR comparing the highest category [>1/2 egg/d] with the lowest category [<= 1/7 egg/d] 1.22, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.39; P trend =.001), and nonfried egg intake was not associated with MetS odds (P trend =.08). Total dietary intake and egg-sourced cholesterol intake were both positively correlated with MetS odds (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.53; P trend =.005) comparing the highest consumption (>371 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 132 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for total dietary cholesterol (OR 1.36; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.58; P trend <.001) and comparing the highest consumption (>232 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 46 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for egg-sourced cholesterol; similar associations were not observed for noneegg-sourced cholesterol consumption (P trend =.83). Substituting eggs and fried eggs for other protein sources, including lowfat and whole-fat dairy products; nuts and legumes; total red meat; processed meat; poultry meat; or seafood, was still associated with higher odds of MetS. Conclusions Consumption of >1 egg/d and >1/2 fried egg/d was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS than consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d and <= 1/7 fried egg/d. Future longitudinal cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the relationship between egg consumption and MetS and explore possible mechanisms of action. Background Although the Chinese Dietary Guidelines (2016) removed restrictions on dietary cholesterol intake, evidence of egg and dietary cholesterol intake and car-diometabolic diseases is inconsistent. Associations between egg and cholesterol con-sumption and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in non-Western populations are still poorly documented. Objective Our aim was to assess egg and dietary cholesterol intake in relation to the prevalence of MetS among participants in a Chinese nationwide study. Design This cross-sectional study used data from the China Health and Nutrition Survey (1991-20 09). Participants/setting The sample consisted of 8,241 healthy Chinese adults (20 years and older). Main outcome measures MetS cases were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Statistical analysis Cumulative means of egg and cholesterol consumption were calculated in accordance with 3 consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls in each examination cycle. Logistic regression models were conducted to assess the associations with prevalent MetS. Results Overall, 2,580 (31.3%) participants were identified as MetS cases in 2009. After multivariate adjustment, total egg consumption (>1 egg/d) was associated with 20% higher odds of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.20, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.37; P trend =.001) compared with consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d. Examining cooking methods, a positive association was observed between fried egg consumption and MetS odds (OR comparing the highest category [>1/2 egg/d] with the lowest category [<= 1/7 egg/d] 1.22, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.39; P trend =.001), and nonfried egg intake was not associated with MetS odds (P trend =.08). Total dietary intake and egg-sourced cholesterol intake were both positively correlated with MetS odds (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.53; P trend =.005) comparing the highest consumption (>371 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 132 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for total dietary cholesterol (OR 1.36; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.58; P trend <.001) and comparing the highest consumption (>232 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 46 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for egg-sourced cholesterol; similar associations were not observed for noneegg-sourced cholesterol consumption (P trend =.83). Substituting eggs and fried eggs for other protein sources, including lowfat and whole-fat dairy products; nuts and legumes; total red meat; processed meat; poultry meat; or seafood, was still associated with higher odds of MetS. Conclusions Consumption of >1 egg/d and >1/2 fried egg/d was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS than consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d and <= 1/7 fried egg/d. Future longitudinal cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the relationship between egg consumption and MetS and explore possible mechanisms of action. Background Although the Chinese Dietary Guidelines (2016) removed restrictions on dietary cholesterol intake, evidence of egg and dietary cholesterol intake and car-diometabolic diseases is inconsistent. Associations between egg and cholesterol con-sumption and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in non-Western populations are still poorly documented. Objective Our aim was to assess egg and dietary cholesterol intake in relation to the prevalence of MetS among participants in a Chinese nationwide study. Design This cross-sectional study used data from the China Health and Nutrition Survey (1991-20 09). Participants/setting The sample consisted of 8,241 healthy Chinese adults (20 years and older). Main outcome measures MetS cases were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Statistical analysis Cumulative means of egg and cholesterol consumption were calculated in accordance with 3 consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls in each examination cycle. Logistic regression models were conducted to assess the associations with prevalent MetS. Results Overall, 2,580 (31.3%) participants were identified as MetS cases in 2009. After multivariate adjustment, total egg consumption (>1 egg/d) was associated with 20% higher odds of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.20, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.37; P trend =.001) compared with consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d. Examining cooking methods, a positive association was observed between fried egg consumption and MetS odds (OR comparing the highest category [>1/2 egg/d] with the lowest category [<= 1/7 egg/d] 1.22, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.39; P trend =.001), and nonfried egg intake was not associated with MetS odds (P trend =.08). Total dietary intake and egg-sourced cholesterol intake were both positively correlated with MetS odds (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.53; P trend =.005) comparing the highest consumption (>371 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 132 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for total dietary cholesterol (OR 1.36; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.58; P trend <.001) and comparing the highest consumption (>232 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 46 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for egg-sourced cholesterol; similar associations were not observed for noneegg-sourced cholesterol consumption (P trend =.83). Substituting eggs and fried eggs for other protein sources, including lowfat and whole-fat dairy products; nuts and legumes; total red meat; processed meat; poultry meat; or seafood, was still associated with higher odds of MetS. Conclusions Consumption of >1 egg/d and >1/2 fried egg/d was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS than consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d and <= 1/7 fried egg/d. Future longitudinal cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the relationship between egg consumption and MetS and explore possible mechanisms of action. Background Although the Chinese Dietary Guidelines (2016) removed restrictions on dietary cholesterol intake, evidence of egg and dietary cholesterol intake and car-diometabolic diseases is inconsistent. Associations between egg and cholesterol con-sumption and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in non-Western populations are still poorly documented. Objective Our aim was to assess egg and dietary cholesterol intake in relation to the prevalence of MetS among participants in a Chinese nationwide study. Design This cross-sectional study used data from the China Health and Nutrition Survey (1991-20 09). Participants/setting The sample consisted of 8,241 healthy Chinese adults (20 years and older). Main outcome measures MetS cases were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Statistical analysis Cumulative means of egg and cholesterol consumption were calculated in accordance with 3 consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls in each examination cycle. Logistic regression models were conducted to assess the associations with prevalent MetS. Results Overall, 2,580 (31.3%) participants were identified as MetS cases in 2009. After multivariate adjustment, total egg consumption (>1 egg/d) was associated with 20% higher odds of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.20, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.37; P trend =.001) compared with consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d. Examining cooking methods, a positive association was observed between fried egg consumption and MetS odds (OR comparing the highest category [>1/2 egg/d] with the lowest category [<= 1/7 egg/d] 1.22, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.39; P trend =.001), and nonfried egg intake was not associated with MetS odds (P trend =.08). Total dietary intake and egg-sourced cholesterol intake were both positively correlated with MetS odds (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.53; P trend =.005) comparing the highest consumption (>371 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 132 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for total dietary cholesterol (OR 1.36; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.58; P trend <.001) and comparing the highest consumption (>232 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 46 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for egg-sourced cholesterol; similar associations were not observed for noneegg-sourced cholesterol consumption (P trend =.83). Substituting eggs and fried eggs for other protein sources, including lowfat and whole-fat dairy products; nuts and legumes; total red meat; processed meat; poultry meat; or seafood, was still associated with higher odds of MetS. Conclusions Consumption of >1 egg/d and >1/2 fried egg/d was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS than consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d and <= 1/7 fried egg/d. Future longitudinal cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the relationship between egg consumption and MetS and explore possible mechanisms of action. Background Although the Chinese Dietary Guidelines (2016) removed restrictions on dietary cholesterol intake, evidence of egg and dietary cholesterol intake and car-diometabolic diseases is inconsistent. Associations between egg and cholesterol con-sumption and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in non-Western populations are still poorly documented. Objective Our aim was to assess egg and dietary cholesterol intake in relation to the prevalence of MetS among participants in a Chinese nationwide study. Design This cross-sectional study used data from the China Health and Nutrition Survey (1991-20 09). Participants/setting The sample consisted of 8,241 healthy Chinese adults (20 years and older). Main outcome measures MetS cases were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Statistical analysis Cumulative means of egg and cholesterol consumption were calculated in accordance with 3 consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls in each examination cycle. Logistic regression models were conducted to assess the associations with prevalent MetS. Results Overall, 2,580 (31.3%) participants were identified as MetS cases in 2009. After multivariate adjustment, total egg consumption (>1 egg/d) was associated with 20% higher odds of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.20, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.37; P trend =.001) compared with consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d. Examining cooking methods, a positive association was observed between fried egg consumption and MetS odds (OR comparing the highest category [>1/2 egg/d] with the lowest category [<= 1/7 egg/d] 1.22, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.39; P trend =.001), and nonfried egg intake was not associated with MetS odds (P trend =.08). Total dietary intake and egg-sourced cholesterol intake were both positively correlated with MetS odds (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.53; P trend =.005) comparing the highest consumption (>371 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 132 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for total dietary cholesterol (OR 1.36; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.58; P trend <.001) and comparing the highest consumption (>232 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 46 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for egg-sourced cholesterol; similar associations were not observed for noneegg-sourced cholesterol consumption (P trend =.83). Substituting eggs and fried eggs for other protein sources, including lowfat and whole-fat dairy products; nuts and legumes; total red meat; processed meat; poultry meat; or seafood, was still associated with higher odds of MetS. Conclusions Consumption of >1 egg/d and >1/2 fried egg/d was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS than consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d and <= 1/7 fried egg/d. Future longitudinal cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the relationship between egg consumption and MetS and explore possible mechanisms of action. Background Although the Chinese Dietary Guidelines (2016) removed restrictions on dietary cholesterol intake, evidence of egg and dietary cholesterol intake and car-diometabolic diseases is inconsistent. Associations between egg and cholesterol con-sumption and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in non-Western populations are still poorly documented. Objective Our aim was to assess egg and dietary cholesterol intake in relation to the prevalence of MetS among participants in a Chinese nationwide study. Design This cross-sectional study used data from the China Health and Nutrition Survey (1991-20 09). Participants/setting The sample consisted of 8,241 healthy Chinese adults (20 years and older). Main outcome measures MetS cases were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Statistical analysis Cumulative means of egg and cholesterol consumption were calculated in accordance with 3 consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls in each examination cycle. Logistic regression models were conducted to assess the associations with prevalent MetS. Results Overall, 2,580 (31.3%) participants were identified as MetS cases in 2009. After multivariate adjustment, total egg consumption (>1 egg/d) was associated with 20% higher odds of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.20, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.37; P trend =.001) compared with consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d. Examining cooking methods, a positive association was observed between fried egg consumption and MetS odds (OR comparing the highest category [>1/2 egg/d] with the lowest category [<= 1/7 egg/d] 1.22, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.39; P trend =.001), and nonfried egg intake was not associated with MetS odds (P trend =.08). Total dietary intake and egg-sourced cholesterol intake were both positively correlated with MetS odds (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.53; P trend =.005) comparing the highest consumption (>371 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 132 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for total dietary cholesterol (OR 1.36; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.58; P trend <.001) and comparing the highest consumption (>232 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 46 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for egg-sourced cholesterol; similar associations were not observed for noneegg-sourced cholesterol consumption (P trend =.83). Substituting eggs and fried eggs for other protein sources, including lowfat and whole-fat dairy products; nuts and legumes; total red meat; processed meat; poultry meat; or seafood, was still associated with higher odds of MetS. Conclusions Consumption of >1 egg/d and >1/2 fried egg/d was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS than consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d and <= 1/7 fried egg/d. Future longitudinal cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the relationship between egg consumption and MetS and explore possible mechanisms of action. Background Although the Chinese Dietary Guidelines (2016) removed restrictions on dietary cholesterol intake, evidence of egg and dietary cholesterol intake and car-diometabolic diseases is inconsistent. Associations between egg and cholesterol con-sumption and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in non-Western populations are still poorly documented. Objective Our aim was to assess egg and dietary cholesterol intake in relation to the prevalence of MetS among participants in a Chinese nationwide study. Design This cross-sectional study used data from the China Health and Nutrition Survey (1991-20 09). Participants/setting The sample consisted of 8,241 healthy Chinese adults (20 years and older). Main outcome measures MetS cases were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Statistical analysis Cumulative means of egg and cholesterol consumption were calculated in accordance with 3 consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls in each examination cycle. Logistic regression models were conducted to assess the associations with prevalent MetS. Results Overall, 2,580 (31.3%) participants were identified as MetS cases in 2009. After multivariate adjustment, total egg consumption (>1 egg/d) was associated with 20% higher odds of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.20, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.37; P trend =.001) compared with consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d. Examining cooking methods, a positive association was observed between fried egg consumption and MetS odds (OR comparing the highest category [>1/2 egg/d] with the lowest category [<= 1/7 egg/d] 1.22, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.39; P trend =.001), and nonfried egg intake was not associated with MetS odds (P trend =.08). Total dietary intake and egg-sourced cholesterol intake were both positively correlated with MetS odds (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.53; P trend =.005) comparing the highest consumption (>371 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 132 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for total dietary cholesterol (OR 1.36; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.58; P trend <.001) and comparing the highest consumption (>232 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 46 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for egg-sourced cholesterol; similar associations were not observed for noneegg-sourced cholesterol consumption (P trend =.83). Substituting eggs and fried eggs for other protein sources, including lowfat and whole-fat dairy products; nuts and legumes; total red meat; processed meat; poultry meat; or seafood, was still associated with higher odds of MetS. Conclusions Consumption of >1 egg/d and >1/2 fried egg/d was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS than consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d and <= 1/7 fried egg/d. Future longitudinal cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the relationship between egg consumption and MetS and explore possible mechanisms of action. Background Although the Chinese Dietary Guidelines (2016) removed restrictions on dietary cholesterol intake, evidence of egg and dietary cholesterol intake and car-diometabolic diseases is inconsistent. Associations between egg and cholesterol con-sumption and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in non-Western populations are still poorly documented. Objective Our aim was to assess egg and dietary cholesterol intake in relation to the prevalence of MetS among participants in a Chinese nationwide study. Design This cross-sectional study used data from the China Health and Nutrition Survey (1991-20 09). Participants/setting The sample consisted of 8,241 healthy Chinese adults (20 years and older). Main outcome measures MetS cases were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. Statistical analysis Cumulative means of egg and cholesterol consumption were calculated in accordance with 3 consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls in each examination cycle. Logistic regression models were conducted to assess the associations with prevalent MetS. Results Overall, 2,580 (31.3%) participants were identified as MetS cases in 2009. After multivariate adjustment, total egg consumption (>1 egg/d) was associated with 20% higher odds of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.20, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.37; P trend =.001) compared with consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d. Examining cooking methods, a positive association was observed between fried egg consumption and MetS odds (OR comparing the highest category [>1/2 egg/d] with the lowest category [<= 1/7 egg/d] 1.22, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.39; P trend =.001), and nonfried egg intake was not associated with MetS odds (P trend =.08). Total dietary intake and egg-sourced cholesterol intake were both positively correlated with MetS odds (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.53; P trend =.005) comparing the highest consumption (>371 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 132 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for total dietary cholesterol (OR 1.36; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.58; P trend <.001) and comparing the highest consumption (>232 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) with the lowest consumption (<= 46 mg . 2,000 kcal(-1).d(-1)) for egg-sourced cholesterol; similar associations were not observed for noneegg-sourced cholesterol consumption (P trend =.83). Substituting eggs and fried eggs for other protein sources, including lowfat and whole-fat dairy products; nuts and legumes; total red meat; processed meat; poultry meat; or seafood, was still associated with higher odds of MetS. Conclusions Consumption of >1 egg/d and >1/2 fried egg/d was associated with a higher prevalence of MetS than consumption of <= 1/2 egg/d and <= 1/7 fried egg/d. Future longitudinal cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the relationship between egg consumption and MetS and explore possible mechanisms of action.
An open, randomized, prospective, comparative study of topical pimecrolimus 1% cream and topical ketoconazole 2% cream in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis; Background: Seborrheic dermatitis (SD) is a chronic inflammatory disorder that mainly affects the seborrheic region. While ketoconazole is often used, pimecrolimus has been used successfully in SD. Objective: To compare the efficacy and tolerability of pimecrolimus in comparison with ketoconazole in the treatment of SD. Methods: A total of 48patients with SD were included in the study. Patients were randomized into two groups: 23 and 25patients in the pimecrolimus and ketoconazole groups, respectively. Clinical measures were assessed by erythema, scaling and infiltration, which were evaluated using a four-point scale (0 to 3) at 2, 6, and 12weeks. Results: Of these 48patients, 38 completed the study (18 and 20patients in the pimecrolimus and ketoconazole groups, respectively). The mean percentage decrease in clinical severity scores from baseline to the last follow-up period was 86.2% and 86.1% in the pimecrolimus and ketoconazole groups, respectively. Both pimecrolimus and ketoconazole were effective in SD. Differences between the two groups were not statistically significant. Side effects were observed more frequently with pimecrolimus than with ketoconazole and this difference was statistically significant. Conclusion: Our study showed that pimecrolimus had a comparable efficacy profile with that of ketoconazole, but side effects appeared more frequently in the pimecrolimus group than in the ketoconazole group.
Determination of Blood Glucose, Total Protein, Certain Minerals, and Triiodothyronine during Late Pregnancy and Postpartum Periods in Crossbred Dairy Cows; The late pregnancy (3rd trimester) and the postpartum period (PPP) (calving date or day zero to day 45) are very critical periods for the fertility and production in dairy cows. This study was designed to investigate blood glucose, total protein (TP), calcium (Ca), phosphorus (P), magnesium (Mg), iron (Fe), and triiodothyronine (T3) during late pregnancy and the PPP. Twenty-seven apparently healthy multiparous crossbred dairy cows (Friesian x Kenana) were included in this study. The cows were randomly allocated into three groups: group A (n = 10), cows with late pregnancy, group B (n = 7), cows in the PPP, and group C (n = 10), nonpregnant cows as control. One-way ANOVA was used to analyze the data. The results of this study showed that blood glucose was higher in late pregnancy and the PPP than in nonpregnant cows. The TP was significantly lower in late pregnant cows than during the PPP and in nonpregnant cows. Ca, P, and Mg were not significantly different between periods. Serum Fe and T3 were significantly lower during the PPP than that in late pregnant and nonpregnant cows. The results can provide indications of the nutritional status of dairy cows and a diagnostic tool to avoid the metabolic disorders that may occur during late pregnancy and the PPP.
Effect of <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> ssp lactis GCL2505 on visceral fat accumulation in healthy Japanese adults: a randomized controlled trial; Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis GCL2505 (B. lactis GCL2505) is able to survive passage through the intestine and then proliferate, leading to an increase in the amount of gut bifidobacteria. In the present study, we evaluated the impact of B. lactis GCL2505 on abdominal visceral fat storage in overweight and mildly obese Japanese adults. This clinical study was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group comparative trial performed for 12 weeks. Healthy Japanese subjects (N = 137) with body mass indices ranging from 23 to 30 kg/m(2) consumed either fermented milk containing B. lactis GCL2505 or a placebo every day, and then visceral and subcutaneous abdominal fat areas were measured by computed tomography as the primary endpoints. The number of fecal bifidobacteria was also measured. Visceral fat area, but not subcutaneous fat area, was significantly reduced from baseline at 8 and 12 weeks in the GCL2505 group, compared with the placebo group. The total number of fecal bifidobacteria was significantly increased in the GCL2505 group. These results indicate that B. lactis GCL2505 reduces abdominal visceral fat, a key factor associated with metabolic disorders. This finding suggests that this probiotic strain can potentially serve as a specific functional food to achieve visceral fat reduction in overweight or mildly obese individuals.
Efficacy of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on systemic inflammation in adults with abdominal obesity; Background The prevalence of vitamin D deficiency is increasing globally and is associated with an increased risk of metabolic syndrome, autoimmune disease, and cardiovascular disease. Vit D deficiency is also associated with increased systemic inflammation. The current study aimed to determine the efficacy of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D, on systemic inflammation in abdominal obese participants. Method This multi-center study was conducted using a 2.5-month parallel total-blind randomized clinical trial design. Two hundred and eighty nine subjects were allocated to four groups: low-fat milk fortified by 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D-3 (200 mL/day). Simple milk (200 mL/day), low-fat yogurt fortified by 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D-3 (150 g/day), and simple yogurt (150 g/day). Results The results showed that serum levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, platelets and red blood cell distribution width (RDW) were significantly lower before and after the intervention in fortified dairy groups. The results showed that serum levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, platelets, and RDW before and after intervention in the fortified dairy groups were significantly lower (p < 0.05). The values of = neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR), platelets to lymphocyte ratio, and RDW to platelets ratio (RPR) reduced significantly in the fortification group (p < 0.05). Conclusion Fortification with nano-encapsulated vitamin D-3 of dairy products may decrease inflammation in individuals with abdominal obesity.
Regular consumption of cocoa powder with milk increases HDL cholesterol and reduces oxidized LDL levels in subjects at high-risk of cardiovascular disease; Background and Aims: Epidemiological studies suggest that regular consumption of cocoa-containing products may confer cardiovascular protection, reducing the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). However, studies on the effects of cocoa on different cardiovascular risk factors are still scarce. The aim of this study was too evaluate the effects of chronic cocoa consumption on lipid profile, oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) particles and plasma antioxidant vitamin concentrations in high-risk patients. Methods and Results: Forty-two high-risk volunteers (19 men and 23 women, mean age 69.7 +/- 11.5 years) were included in a randomized, crossover feeding trial. All received 40g of cocoa powder with 500 mL of skimmed milk/day(C + M) or only 500 mL/day of skimmed milk (M) for 4 weeks in a random order. Before and after each intervention period, plasma lipids, oxLDL and antioxidant vitamin concentrations were measured, as well as urinary cocoa polyphenols metabolites derived from phase II and microbial metabolisms. Compared to M, C + M intervention increases HDLc [2.67 mg/dL (95% confidence intervals, CI, 0.58-4.73; P = 0.008)] and decreases oxLDL levels [-12.3 U/L (CI, -19.3 to -5.2; P = 0.001)]. No changes between intervention groups were observed in vitamins B1, B6, B12, C and E, or folic acid concentrations. In addition, subjects who showed higher increments in urinary cocoa polyphenol metabolites exhibited significant increases in HDLc and significant decreases in oxLDL levels ( P < 0.05; all). Conclusions: Consumption of cocoa power with milk modulates the lipid profile in high-risk subjects for CHD. In addition, the relationship observed between the urinary excretion of cocoa polyphenol metabolites and plasma HDLc and oxLDL levels suggests a beneficial role for cocoa polyphenols in lipid metabolism. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Supplementation of herbal plants differently modulated metabolic profile, insulin sensitivity, and oxidative stress in transition dairy cows fed various extruded oil seeds; The study investigated the effects of a mixture of herbal plants (HM) and two sources of unsaturated fatty acids (FA), extruded linseed (LS) and soybean (SB), on metabolic profile, insulin sensitivity, and oxidative status of transition dairy cows. Thirty-two prepartum Holstein cows, blocked by parity and calving day, were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments, in a 2 x 2 factorial design, starting from 25 days before the expected calving date to 26 days postpartum. The supplementation rates of HM were 150 and 170 g/animal/day at pre- and postpartum, respectively. Blood samples were analyzed for metabolites on day 7.15 +/- 1.70 prepartum and on days 1 and 21 postpartum. An intravenous glucose tolerance test (IV-GTT) was conducted on day 25 postpartum. Data showed that cows supplemented with HM had lower serum concentration of NEFA (0.395 vs. 0.602 +/- 0.044 mmol/L; P< 0.01) and NEFA to insulin ratio (Pc 0.01) postpartum. Compared to animals fed SB-based diets, cows fed the LS-based diet had greater serum glucose concentration during prepartum (80.7 vs. 71.3 +/- 3.32 mg/dL; P=0.06) and postpartum period (86.3 vs. 73.5 +/- 3.35 mg/dL; P=0.01), as well as lower NEFA (0.425 vs. 0.572 +/- 0.044mmol/L; P= 0.03) and insulin to glucose ratio (P< 0.01) postpartum. Revised quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index revealed that supplementing HM in LS-based diet improved insulin sensitivity (0.45 vs. 0.41 +/- 0.013; P=0.03) prepartum, whereas after parturition, the HM addition was effective for both oil seeds (0.40 vs. 0.37 +/- 0.008; P=0.06) in enhancing insulin sensitivity. Result of IV-GTF indicated that cows fed LS-based diets had higher basal glucose concentration (63.7 vs. 55.7 +/- 2.37; mg/dL; P=0.02) and lower glucose area under the curve (995.8 vs. 1529.5 +/- 100.7; mg/dL x 45 min; P< 0.01). Supplementing HM resulted in greater total antioxidant capacity prepartum (0.55 vs. 0.48 +/- 0.017 nmol/L; P=0.01) and lower malondialdehyde concentration at prepartum (1.03 vs. 1.96 +/- 0.140 mu mol/L; P< 0.01) and postpartum (1.32 vs. 1.88 +/- 0.178 mu mol/L; P = 0.04). Although feeding LS ameliorated insulin resistance, this feeding strategy lowered total antioxidant capacity prepartum (0. 48 vs. 0.55 +/- 0.017 nmol/L; P< 0.01) and increased malondialdehyde concentration postpartum more than the SB diet (1.91 vs. 1.28 +/- 0.172 mu mol/L; P= 0.02). Overall, both HM supplementation and LS feeding improved metabolic profile and insulin response following glucose infusion, although feeding of LS-based diets induced an increased oxidative stress. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Role of single serving form of dairy on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in young and older healthy adults; Dairy proteins reduce appetite and improve postprandial glycaemic response in adults. However, there are no reports of dairy in amounts usually consumed on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in either young or older adults. In a randomized crossover design, 30 healthy young adults (age: 23.5 +/- 0.5 years; body mass index (BMI): 21.8 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2)) and 30 healthy/overweight older adults (age: 65.2 +/- 0.5 years; BMI: 24.7 +/- 0.6 kg/m(2)) consumed 1 serving (according to manufacturers' labels) of skim milk (0.1% milk fat (MF)), whole milk (3.25% MF), plain Greek yogurt (2% MF), cheddar cheese (31% MF), and water (energy-free control) after a 12-h fast. Subjective appetite was measured every 15-30 min over 3 h. Blood glucose and insulin were measured at baseline and every 15-30 min over 2 h. All dairy treatments reduced post-treatment subjective appetite area under the curve (AUC) over 3 h by 8%-17% more than water. Greek yogurt reduced appetite 3-h AUC more than skim and whole milk by 9% and 7%, respectively (p < 0.0001). Post-treatment blood glucose 2-h AUC was 42% lower in young compared with older adults (p = 0.003). It was also 52%-78% lower after cheese compared with milks and yogurt (p < 0.0001). Post-treatment insulin AUC after cheese was only 10%-15% of that after milks and Greek yogurt (p < 0.0001). We conclude that single servings of dairy differ in effect on postprandial satiety and glycaemia and merit consideration in management of metabolic syndrome.
Rationale, design and methods of the HEALTHY study nutrition intervention component; The HEALTHY study was a randomized, controlled, multicenter and middle school-based, multifaceted intervention designed to reduce risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. The study randomized 42 middle schools to intervention or control, and followed students from the sixth to the eighth grades. Here we describe the design of the HEALTHY nutrition intervention component that was developed to modify the total school food environment, defined to include the following: federal breakfast, lunch, after school snack and supper programs; a la carte venues, including snack bars and school stores; vending machines; fundraisers; and classroom parties and celebrations. Study staff implemented the intervention using core and toolbox strategies to achieve and maintain the following five intervention goals: (1) lower the average fat content of foods, (2) increase the availability and variety of fruits and vegetables, (3) limit the portion sizes and energy content of dessert and snack foods, (4) eliminate whole and 2% milk and all added sugar beverages, with the exception of low fat or nonfat flavored milk, and limit 100% fruit juice to breakfast in small portions and (5) increase the availability of higher fiber grain-based foods and legumes. Other nutrition intervention component elements were taste tests, cafeteria enhancements, cafeteria line messages and other messages about healthy eating, cafeteria learning laboratory (CLL) activities, twice-yearly training of food service staff, weekly meetings with food service managers, incentives for food service departments, and twice yearly local meetings and three national summits with district food service directors. Strengths of the intervention design were the integration of nutrition with the other HEALTHY intervention components (physical education, behavior change and communications), and the collaboration and rapport between the nutrition intervention study staff members and food service personnel at both school and district levels. International Journal of Obesity (2009) 33, S29-S36; doi:10.1038/ijo.2009.114
Tannins from <i>Potentilla officinalis</i> display antiinflammatory effects in the UV erythema test and on atopic skin; Background: Rich in tannins, the rhizome of Potentilla officinalis (PO) has traditionally been used in the topical treatment of inflammatory disorders of the skin and mucous membranes. The objective of the present study was to examine the antiinflammatory effects of PO in the UV erythema test as well as in patients with atopic skin. Patients and methods: Using the UV erythema test, the antiinflammatory effects of a PO extract (2 %) - compared to 1 % hydrocortisone acetate - were assessed in a randomized, prospective, placebo-controlled double-blind study of 40 healthy volunteers. In the context of a prospective non-controlled trial, the efficacy and tolerability of 2 % PO cream (applied to defined test areas twice daily for two weeks) was evaluated in twelve adults and twelve children with atopic skin using a partial SCORAD. In addition, the effects on the degree of erythema in the test areas was measured photometrically. Results: In the UV erythema test, PO cream significantly reduced the erythema index compared to the vehicle. The antiinflammatory effects of PO cream were comparable to those of 1 % hydrocortisone acetate cream. The clinical study with atopic patients revealed a significant reduction in the partial SCORAD as well as erythema in the test areas. No adverse events were recorded. Conclusions: PO cream displays antiinflammatory effects in vivo. It is effective in and well tolerated by patients with atopic skin.
Effects of dry period length on milk production and health of dairy cattle; Holstein cows (n = 781) in a commercial dairy herd were used in a randomized design to evaluate 2 dry period (DP) management strategies on milk production, milk components, milk quality, colostrum quality, and incidence of metabolic disorders. Cows were randomly assigned to a traditional 55 d (T) or shortened 34 d (S) DP. Cows assigned to T were fed a low-energy diet until 34 d before expected calving at which time all cows were fed a moderate-energy transition diet until calving. Postpartum, cows assigned to T produced more milk and tended to produce more solids-corrected milk than cows on S. Treatment differences in milk and solids-corrected milk yield were accounted for by cows in their second lactation. Milk fat percentage did not differ between treatments, but milk protein percentage was greater for cows assigned to S. Colostrum quality measured as IgG concentration did not differ between management strategies. Somatic cell score and cases of mastitis were not affected by management strategy. There was a tendency for prepartum nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) to be lower for cows assigned to T compared with S. However, postpartum, cows assigned to S had significantly lower NEFA concentrations than those assigned to T. The incidences of ketosis, retained placenta, displaced abomasum, and metritis did not differ between treatments. Postpartum energy balance, as indicated by plasma NEFA, may have been improved for cows assigned to S; there was no detectable effect on animal health.
A pre-meal of whey proteins induces differential effects on glucose and lipid metabolism in subjects with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised cross-over trial; PurposePostprandial lipaemia (PPL), an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease, is affected by composition and timing of meals. We evaluated if whey proteins (WP) consumed as a pre-meal before a fat-rich meal reduce postprandial triglyceride (TG) and apolipoprotein B-48 (ApoB-48) responses in subjects with the metabolic syndrome (MeS).MethodsAn acute, randomised, cross-over trial was conducted. 20 subjects with MeS consumed a pre-meal of 0, 10 or 20g WP 15min prior to a fat-rich meal. The responses of TG and ApoB-48 were assessed. We also analysed postprandial responses of free fatty acids (FFA), glucose, insulin, glucagon, glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) and paracetamol (reflecting gastric emptying rates).ResultsWP pre-meal did not alter the TG or ApoB-48 responses. In contrast, the insulin response was more pronounced after a pre-meal of 20g WP than with 10g WP (P=0.0005) and placebo (P<0.0001). Likewise, the postprandial glucagon response was greater with a pre-meal of 20g WP than with 10g WP (P<0.0001) and 0g WP (P<0.0001). A pre-meal with 20g of WP generated lower glucose (P=0.0148) and S-paracetamol responses (P=0.0003) and a higher GLP-1 response (P=0.0086) than placebo. However, the pre-meal did not influence responses of GIP, FFA or appetite assessed by a Visual Analog Scale.ConclusionsConsumption of a WP pre-meal prior to a fat-rich meal did not affect TG and chylomicron responses. In contrast, the WP pre-meal stimulates insulin and glucagon secretion and reduces blood glucose as expected, and delays gastric emptying. Consequently, our study points to a differential impact of a WP pre-meal on lipid and glucose metabolism to a fat-rich meal in subjects with MeS.
Calcium Propionate Increased Milk Parameters in Holstein Cows; Background: In the early lactation, dairy cows go through a period of negative energy balance because they do not intake enough food to supply the energetic demand of milk production. In this period, dairy cows are susceptible to metabolic disorders, although has little evidence that milk production contribute to increase diseases occurrence. Some alternatives to minimize metabolic disorders, that reduce milk yield, has been suggested, as increase energy density in the diet of dry cows 21 days before the parturition and include additives in the diet pre and post-partum. The aim of this study was to measure the productive parameters in dairy cows fed calcium salts as energetic source. Materials, Methods & Results: Two Latin square 4x4 were used, whereas one comprehended of early lactation cows and the other of mid lactation cows. Animals of 2nd and 3nd parity were used only. Parity was distributed evenly among groups. The trial consisted of 4 groups with 4 treatments as follow: Ti: 300 g of calcium acetate, T2: 200 g of calcium propionate, T3: 200 g of calcium salts of fatty acids, and T4: control without any calcium additive. The animals were milked twice a day, the first milking at 07:00 am and the second milking at 05:00 pm. Milk samples were collected in plastic containers with potassium dichromate. These samples were sent to the Laboratory of Milk Analysis of the Paranaense Association of Breeders of the Holstein Breed for analysis of fat, protein, lactose and total solids through the infrared method. Throughout the experimental period, the daily production of the animals under study was recorded. The production of milk (kg) was corrected to 3.5% fat using the formula PLA 3.5% = (0.432 + kg milk) + (0.1623 x kg milk x fat content). Discussion: Greater supply of glucose or propionate stimulate milk protein production, but the mechanism of this stimulation is unclear. Milk protein is dependent on energy supply, and deficient energy intake reduces milk protein levels. Calcium propionate provided enough energy supply and increased milk protein levels. The synthesis of lactose has influence in water absorption in mammary gland and lactose determine milk osmolarity. The lactose levels vary according blood glucose, somatic cells count and energy availability for physiological processes. In the literature, rarely has been found greater lactose concentration caused by feed intake, becoming very important the results found in this work. The diet energy concentration and consumption rate determine energy intake, which limit milk yield. Dairy cows in early lactation has marked increased of nutrient requirements to support milk production. Support milk lactose synthesis in the mammary gland is the one of responsible for increase of nutrients requirements. In this period, the glucose demands increases 2 times more than during late gestation. Propionate is converted to glucose in the liver and it will be support lactose synthesis in the mammary gland. Propionate supplementation in this work provided better energetic supply and it is possible to consider, evaluating the milk yield. It was concluded that calcium propionate increased milk parameters like: milk protein, lactose and milk fat. Holstein cows fed calcium propionate had greater milk yield than other groups.
Whole-genome association study for energy balance and fat/protein ratio in German Holstein bull dams; The metabolic status of cows is important to health and fertility, especially in early lactation, and energy balance (EB) and fat/protein ratio (FPR) are considered as appropriate indicators for metabolic disorders. The aim of this study was to detect SNPs (single nucleotide polymorphisms) associated with EB and FPR in German Holstein bull dams belonging to the research herd Karkendamm. Bull dams were genotyped using the Illumina Bovine SNP 50K Bead chip (R) comprising 54001 SNPs. A total of 43593 SNPs and 586 (EB) and 668 (FPR) bull dams passed the quality control criteria. Phenotypes were deregressed breeding values estimated via random regression animal models for lactation days 11, 20, 30, and 42 for EB and FPR. Whole-genome association analyses were carried out fitting principal components as covariates to adjust for genetic substructure. Permutation tests were applied to estimate genome-wise significance. Across all observed lactation days, 19 SNPs located in four different intervals on chromosomes 1, 14, 16, and 27 were detected. For EB, seven markers across four chromosomes were identified. There was no overlap between markers associated with FPR and EB. SNPs associated with FPR were mostly located in QTL regions for milk production traits, especially in the region of DGAT1, whereas SNPs associated with EB mainly showed positional relationships to previously described QTL regions affecting functional traits, especially fertility.
Analysis of the SYSDIET Healthy Nordic Diet randomized trial based on metabolic profiling reveal beneficial effects on glucose metabolism and blood lipids; Background & aims: Intake assessment in multicenter trials is challenging, yet important for accurate outcome evaluation. The present study aimed to characterize a multicenter randomized controlled trial with a healthy Nordic diet (HND) compared to a Control diet (CD) by plasma and urine metabolic profiles and to associate them with cardiometabolic markers. Methods: During 18-24 weeks of intervention, 200 participants with metabolic syndrome were advised at six centres to eat either HND (e.g. whole-grain products, berries, rapeseed oil, fish and low-fat dairy) or CD while being weight stable. Of these 166/159 completers delivered blood/urine samples. Metabolic profiles of fasting plasma and 24 h pooled urine were analysed to identify characteristic diet-related patterns. Principal components analysis (PCA) scores (i.e. PC1 and PC2 scores) were used to test their combined effect on blood glucose response (primary endpoint), serum lipoproteins, triglycerides, and inflammatory markers. Results: The profiles distinguished HND and CD with AUC of 0.96 +/- 0.03 and 0.93 +/- 0.02 for plasma and urine, respectively, with limited heterogeneity between centers, reflecting markers of key foods. Markers of fish, whole grain and polyunsaturated lipids characterized HND, while CD was reflected by lipids containing palmitoleic acid. The PC1 scores of plasma metabolites characterizing the intervention is associated with HDL (b = 0.05; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.08; P = 0.001) and triglycerides (b = -0.06; 95% CI: -0.09, -0.03; P < 0.001). PC2 scores were related with glucose metabolism (2 h Glucose, b = 0.1; 95% CI: 0.05, 0.15; P < 0.001), LDL (b = 0.06; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.1; P = 0.02) and triglycerides (b = 0.11; 95% CI: 0.06, 0.15; P < 0.001). For urine, the scores were related with LDL cholesterol.
Tacrolimus 0.03% ointment treatment in exfoliative cheilitis: A randomised controlled clinical trial and monitoring blood concentration; Background Tacrolimus has been used to treat various inflammatory skin diseases, but its safety for topical application on the oral mucosa is unknown. Exfoliative cheilitis (EC) is a chronic inflammatory disorder of the lips characterised by repeated scaling; it is difficult to manage. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of tacrolimus 0.03% ointment as a topical treatment in patients with EC. Methods In this randomised controlled clinical trial, 40 patients with EC were randomly assigned to receive either tacrolimus 0.03% ointment (experimental group, n = 20) or triamcinolone acetonide 0.1% cream (control group, n = 20) treatment for a 3-week period. Medication was administered in 3, 2 and 1 daily doses during the first, second and third weeks, respectively. The patients with complete healing were followed up for 3 months. The clinical outcomes were measured, including the scores regarding signs (scale, dryness, rhagades and swelling) and symptoms (rough, dry, pain, pruritus and burning sensation) at every visit. Blood concentrations of tacrolimus were assessed. Results After the 3-week treatment, healing rates of scale in the experimental and control groups were 65% and 10%, respectively (P = .018). Improvement in all signs and two symptoms (rough, pruritus) was much greater in the experimental group (P < .05). The 3-month recurrence rate was higher in the control group (P = .029). Tacrolimus blood concentrations were in the safe range (< 5 ng/mL). Conclusion Topical tacrolimus 0.03% ointment has good short-term efficacy and safety for treating EC.
Dairy Products Consumption and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Context: The relationship between dairy products consumption and the incidence of diabetes is investigated in various studies leading to contradictory results; therefore, the current meta-analytical study aimed at shedding light on the matter and estimating the potentiality of diabetes resulting from consuming dairy products. Evidence Acquisition: The study used some reliable electronic databases such as Web of Science, Scopus, Science Direct, and PubMed revised to March 2016. All original articles from prospective cohort and case-cohort studies examining the relationship between dairy products consumption and the risk of diabetes were considered without any restrictions on age, gender, language, race, and publication year. To assess the quality of the study, the STROBE (strengthening the reporting of observational studies in epidemiology) checklist was employed. The indices of relative risk and rate ratio were reported using the random effect model. Results: Out of 1391 articles, 14 studies (covering 458,082 subjects) were included in the current meta-analysis. The findings showed that consuming dairy products prevents diabetes: total dairy decreases the risk of diabetes by 8% to 12% (relative risk = 0.88 (95% CI: 0.80, 0.96), rate ratio = 0.92 (95% CI: 0.88, 0.97)). The decrease adds up from 11% to 19% in the case of consuming low-fat dairy (relative risk= 0.81 (95% CI: 0.68, 0.96); rate ratio= 0.89 (95% CI: 0.85, 0.93)). In spite of the fact that high-fat dairy diminishes the risk of diabetes, the relationship is not statistically significant (relative risk = 0.98 (95% CI: 0.78, 1.24); rate ratio = 1.01 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.06)). Conclusions: The current study indicated that the consumption of total dairy and low-fat dairy had a preventive impact on the incidence of diabetes; therefore, it seems that drawing up some plans in this regard decreases the risk of the disease.
Atopic Dermatitis: An Evidence-Based Treatment Update; Background Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a common inflammatory disorder of skin with significant comorbidities. AD care often requires a combination of treatment approaches, including emollients, topical steroids, systemic immunosuppressants and/or phototherapy. Purpose Our purpose was to review recent randomized controlled trials (RCT) and systematic reviews of AD treatments. Methods A MEDLINE search was performed focusing on RCTs of AD treatments, with a sample size >= 15, and systematic reviews published from 2011 to 2013, limited to the English language. A total of 53 manuscripts met the inclusion/exclusion criteria, including 44 RCTs and nine systematic reviews. Results Investigator-initiated RCTs support the use of the systemic agents cyclosporine, methotrexate, azathioprine and mycophenolate mofetil. In one RCT, petrolatum was found to be as effective as creams containing ceramides or glycyrrhetinic acid. Additional therapeutic approaches supported by RCTs include balneotherapy, oral and/or topical probiotics, nutritional interventions, vitamin D with or without vitamin E supplementation, as well as several new topical and complementary medicines. Conclusions Advances have been made with respect to AD treatment in the past few years through the use of well designed RCTs and comparative efficacy studies. However, more well designed RCTs and investigator-initiated studies are needed in order to improve the care of AD patients.
An Energy-Restricted Diet Including Yogurt, Fruit, and Vegetables Alleviates High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Mice by Modulating the Gut Microbiota; Background The importance of the composition of an energy-restricted diet in the treatment of metabolic syndrome (MetS) is unknown. Objectives In this study we aimed to investigate the benefits of a novel dietary treatment (50% calorie restriction diet composed of yogurt, fruit, and vegetables [CR-YD]) in mice with MetS. Methods Forty 7-wk-old male C57BL/6 J mice were randomly assigned to 4 groups (n = 10/group) that were fed for 14 wk ad libitum with a normal diet (ND; 10%:70%:20% energy from fat: carbohydrate: protein) or for 12 wk with a high-fat diet (HFD; 60:20:20) or the HFD followed by 2 wk of feeding with a 50% calorie-restricted HFD (CR-HFD) or YD (CR-YD, 21.2%:65.4%:13.4% energy). Body weight, fat deposition, hepatic steatosis, serum concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers, and glucose homeostasis were assessed. Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) was used to validate the roles of gut microbiota in MetS. Results The HFD group had 50% greater body weight and 475% greater fat deposition than the ND group (P < 0.05). Compared with the HFD group, the CR-HFD and CR-YD groups had 22% and 31% lower body weight and 49% and 75% less fat deposition, respectively (P < 0.05). Compared with the CR-HFD group, the CR-YD group had 11% lower body weight, 96% less fat deposition, 500% less hepatic steatosis, 75% lower glucose, and 450% more hepatic Akkermansia bacteria (P < 0.05). The CR-YD group also had 50% lower histopathology scores and 1.35-fold higher levels of Claudin4 than the CR-HFD group (P < 0.05). The HFD + CR-YD fecal group had 10.6% lower body weight, 119% lower steatosis, and 17.9% lower glucose (P < 0.05) than the HFD + CR-HFD fecal group. Conclusions Compared with CR alone, the CR-YD diet has a better therapeutic effect in mice with HFD-induced MetS.
Lipidomic Profiling of Chylomicron Triacylglycerols in Response to High Fat Meals; Using lipidomic methodologies the impact that meal lipid composition and metabolic syndrome (MetS) exerts on the postprandial chylomicron triacylglycerol (TAG) response was examined. Males (9 control; 11 MetS) participated in a randomised crossover trial ingesting two high fat breakfast meals composed of either dairy-based foods or vegetable oil-based foods. The postprandial lipidomic molecular composition of the TAG in the chylomicron-rich (CM) fraction was analysed with tandem mass spectrometry coupled with liquid chromatography to profile CM TAG species and targeted TAG regioisomers. Postprandial CM TAG concentrations were significantly lower after the dairy-based foods compared with the vegetable oil-based foods for both control and MetS subjects. The CM TAG response to the ingested meals involved both significant and differential depletion of TAG species containing shorter- and medium-chain fatty acids (FA) and enrichment of TAG molecular species containing C16 and C18 saturated, monounsaturated and diunsaturated FA. Furthermore, there were significant changes in the TAG species between the food TAG and CM TAG and between the 3- and 5-h postprandial samples for the CM TAG regioisomers. Unexpectedly, the postprandial CM TAG concentration and CM TAG lipidomic responses did not differ between the control and MetS subjects. Lipidomic analysing of CM TAG molecular species revealed dynamic changes in the molecular species of CM TAG during the postprandial phase suggesting either preferential CM TAG species formation and/or clearance.
Pimecrolimus 1% cream for the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Seborrheic dermatitis is a common, chronic, relapsing inflammatory skin disorder that manifests as erythema, scaling and pruritus in sebum gland-rich areas of the skin. The objective of this article is to evaluate the clinical efficacy of pimecrolimus 1% cream in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis compared with corticosteroids, antimycotics, placebo or no intervention. Pimecrolimus 1% cream appears to be a well-tolerated and effective treatment for seborrheic dermatitis. It has comparable efficacy, in terms of decreasing severity of erythema, scaling and pruritus, to the standard treatments: topical corticosteroids and antimycotics. However, future studies with more standardized measures of treatment outcome are recommended. More studies may also be conducted to further evaluate pimecrolimus 1% cream as a long-term maintenance therapy for seborrheic dermatitis.
Optimum nutritional strategies for cardiovascular disease prevention and rehabilitation (BACPR); Nutrition has a central role in both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease yet only relatively recently has food been regarded as a treatment, rather than as an adjunct to established medical and pharmacotherapy. As a field of research, nutrition science is constantly evolving making it difficult for patients and practitioners to ascertain best practice. This is compounded further by the inherent difficulties in performing double-blind randomised controlled trials. This paper covers dietary patterns that are associated with improved cardiovascular outcomes, including the Mediterranean Diet but also low-carbohydrate diets and the potential issues encountered with their implementation. We suggest there must be a refocus away from macronutrients and consideration of whole foods when advising individuals. This approach is fundamental to practice, as clinical guidelines have focused on macronutrients without necessarily considering their source, and ultimately people consume foods containing multiple nutrients. The inclusion of food-based recommendations aids the practitioner to help the patient make genuine and meaningful changes in their diet. We advocate that the cardioprotective diet constructed around the traditional Mediterranean eating pattern (based around vegetables and fruits, nuts, legumes, and unrefined cereals, with modest amounts of fish and shellfish, and fermented dairy products) is still important. However, there are other approaches that can be tried, including low-carbohydrate diets. We encourage practitioners to adopt a flexible dietary approach, being mindful of patient preferences and other comorbidities that may necessitate deviations away from established advice, and advocate for more dietitians in this field to guide the multi-professional team.
Dairy Foods in a Moderate Energy Restricted Diet Do Not Enhance Central Fat, Weight, and Intra-Abdominal Adipose Tissue Losses nor Reduce Adipocyte Size or Inflammatory Markers in Overweight and Obese Adults: A Controlled Feeding Study; Background. Research on dairy foods to enhance weight and fat loss when incorporated into a modest weight loss diet has had mixed results. Objective. A 15-week controlled feeding study to determine if dairy foods enhance central fat and weight loss when incorporated in a modest energy restricted diet of overweight and obese adults. Design. A 3-week run-in to establish energy needs; a 12-week 500 kcal/d energy reduction with 71 low-dairy-consuming overweight and obese adults randomly assigned to diets: <= 1 serving dairy/d (low dairy, LD) or <= 4 servings dairy/d (adequate dairy, AD). All foods were weighed and provided by the metabolic kitchen. Weight, fat, intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) macrophage number, SAT inflammatory gene expression, and circulating cytokines were measured. Results. No diet differences were observed in weight, fat, or IAAT loss; nor SAT mRNA expression of inflammation, circulating cytokines, fasting lipids, glucose, or insulin. There was a significant increase (P = 0.02) in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D in the AD group. Conclusion. Whether increased dairy intake during weight loss results in greater weight and fat loss for individuals with metabolic syndrome deserves investigation. Assessment of appetite, hunger, and satiety with followup on weight regain should be considered.
Influence of intramammary infusion of calcium on the calcium status of periparturient lactating dairy cows; Sixteen multiparous pregnant cows (14 Holsteins and 2 Jerseys) were arranged in a randomized complete block design and assigned to intramammary infusion of Ca (8 cows) or intramammary infusion of distilled, deionized water (8 cows). Beginning 1 wk before expected calving, plasma Ca concentration was monitored daily until calving. Immediately after the first milking postpartum, an initial (0-h) blood sample was collected via a jugular catheter; then, 40 ml of either a 50% Ca borogluconate solution containing 1.6 g of Ca or 40 mi of distilled, deionized water were infused in the right forequarter of the udder. Changes in plasma Ca concentration were monitored every 10 min for the Ist h and then hourly thereafter until the next milking. This infusion and sampling protocol was applied for three consecutive milkings (36 h). Milk Ca concentration from individual quarters for each milking also was monitored. Cows infused with water had lower milk Ca concentration in the infused quarter than in the uninfused quarters during the third and fourth milkings postpartum Milk Ca for cows infused with Ca was higher in infused quarters than in uninfused quarters at the second milking postpartum However, this difference lessened during the third milking and was reversed during the fourth milking. Plasma Ca concentration of control cows decreased toward the end of each 12-h sampling interval but was much more stable for cows infused with Ca. The enhanced ability of cows infused with Ca to maintain plasma Ca concentration postpartum might translate into improved transition from nonlactating to lactating diets and could potentially reduce the incidence of metabolic disorders during the periparturient period. However, this response and potential side effects, such as the possibility that mastitis could accompany intramammary infusion of Ca, should be evaluated further before adopting this procedure.
The production system and disease incidence in a national random longitudinal study of Swiss dairy herds; A prospective longitudinal observational study based on a stratified random sample of 113 Swiss dairy farms was conducted between April 1993 and July 1994 with the following objectives: (i) to provide statistically valid estimates of disease frequency in the Swiss dairy cow population, and (ii) to evaluate the feasibility and quality of an intensive farm-based data recording system. During the 15-month study period, farmers were asked to record every health and management event related to their cattle herd. This information was mailed back to the study centre at fortnightly intervals. Additionally, farms were visited regularly to verify received data and to discuss specific problems. During these farm visits, management data were recorded using questionnaires. A complete data set of individual animal events with a total observation time of about 1740 cow-years and 275 calf-years was collected and disease-incidence measures were calculated. The most frequent events were reproductive disorders and udder diseases, followed by lameness and metabolic disorders. Experience with the data collection technique used in this study suggests that a farm-based system is effective and reliable, as long as good contact with the farmers is maintained, and incentives to stimulate their motivation are provided. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science B.V.
Topical application of a linoleic acid-ceramide containing moisturizer exhibit therapeutic and preventive benefits for psoriasis vulgaris: a randomized controlled trial; Psoriasis is a chronic skin inflammatory disorder with frequent relapse. Ceramides and their key enzymes are deficient in the lesions, resulting in impaired epidermal permeability barrier, which correlates with disease severity. We evaluated the efficacy of linoleic acid-ceramide moisturizer (LA-Cer) as an adjunctive and preventive therapy for psoriasis vulgaris. 106 patients were randomized into two groups. The control group (C-1) received Mometasone Furoate 0.1% Cream (MF) while the treatment group (T-1) was given 0.1% MF in combination with LA-Cer moisturizer. Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), pruritus, capacitance (CAP), and transepidermal water loss (TEWL) of normal skin and lesion were evaluated at Week 0, 2, 4, 8. Subsequently, T-1 patients were randomized for another 1 year. LA-Cer-group (T-2) maintained the use of moisturizer while control group (C-2) discontinued. CAPs, TEWLs, PASI were assessed after 1 year. Primary endpoints (PASI-50 at Week 8) revealed superiority of LA-Cer-MF versus MF, less relapse, and rebound in LA-Cer-group than control (C-2) at Year 1. There were time-by-therapy interaction effect on CAPs, lesional TEWL, and PASI. LA-Cer-MF induced higher CAP, an earlier reduction of lesional TEWL and PASI than control (C-1). CAPs, lesional TEWL, and PASI remained stable in LA-Cer-group. CAPs, lesional TEWL, and PASI were comparable to the baseline levels in control group (C-2). Topical LA-Cer moisturizer can alleviate psoriasis, and could be a valuable approach for the treatment and prevention of psoriasis.
Subacute rumen acidosis in lactating cows: an investigation in intensive Italian dairy herds; Subacute rumen acidosis (SARA) represents one of the most important metabolic disorders in intensive dairy farms that affects rumen fermentations, animal welfare, productivity and farm profitability. The aim of the present study was to study the occurrence of SARA in intensive Italian dairy herds and to determine the relationship between diet composition, ruminal pH and short chain fatty acids (SCFA) concentration. Ten commercial dairy herds were investigated; twelve cows in each herd were selected randomly among animal without clinical signs of disease, with good body condition and between 5 and 60 day-in-milk (DIM), to perform rumenocentesis and obtain rumen fluid. Ruminal pH was determined immediately after sampling and concentration of SCFA in ruminal fluid was determined on samples after storage. An other objective of this research was to study in detail the effects of rumenocentesis on animal health: this study could confirm the extreme validity of this technique as ruminal sampling. Results were subject to ANOVA and correlation analysis using SIGMA STAT 2.03. The results indicated the presence of SARA in three herds (more than 33% cows with rumen pH < 5.5), a critical situation (more than 33% cows with rumen pH < 5.8) in five farms and a normal rumen pH condition in two herds. In particular, dairy herds show on average SCFA concentration of 150, 145, 123 mmol/l for low pH, critical pH and normal pH herds respectively. There were not significant differences among diet composition even if herds with SARA showed a light discordance between initially chemistry composition and residual feed. In the affected herds it was not possible to understand the exact causes of SARA. Animal management seems to be one of the most important factors in developing SARA including total mixed ration preparation.
The effect of prepartum diet on nitrogen and major mineral balance of dairy cows during parturition in summer; Proper nutritional management during the dry period is required to prevent metabolic disorders during the time of parturition and for potential increase milk yield during early lactation, especially under the heat of summer. The effect of prepartum diets on partitioning of nitrogen (N), calcium (Ca), phosphorus (P), magnesium (Mg) and potassium (K) during dry period and early lactation in summer was investigated. Nine cows were assigned to two groups and fed either control (group C: four cows) or high concentrate (group H: five cows) diets to meet 110% of their requirements before parturition. The proportion of concentrate in control diet was 35%, and that in the high concentrate diet was 45%. After parturition, all cows were fed the same diets ad libitum during lactation. Balance trials were conducted at 9, 8 and 7 days before parturition and at 12, 13 and 14 days after parturition. Before parturition, dry matter intake (DMI), DM and NFE digestibility in group C tended to be lower than those in group H. The retention of N (p < 0.01) and P (p < 0.05) in group C during the dry period was significantly lower than those in group H. The retention of Mg in group C during the dry period tended to be lower than in group H. The concentration of plasma NEFA in group C tended to be higher than in group H during dry period. The prepartum diet did not have an apparent effect on DMI and milk yield at 2 weeks after parturition and N, Ca, P, Mg and K balance after parturition.
The Effectiveness of Topical Pimecrolimus in the Treatment of Oral Lichen Planus; Objectives: Oral lichen planus (OLP) is a chronic inflammatory disorder of unknown etiology that affects the skin and the mucosa, especially the oral mucosa. Several therapeutic agents have been investigated for the treatment of OLP. All agents used in the OLP therapy are palliative. Potent topical steroids are used as the conventional therapy for OLP. Since side-effects or steroid resistance may be encountered, alternative treatments may be necessary. This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the topical pimecrolimus in the treatment of OLP. Methods: Seventeen patients with OLP were recruited into this study. Topical pimecrolimus 1% cream was applied twice a day to the affected areas. Patients were followed up for 3-6 months. Photographs of the lesions were taken and analyzed for areas of ulceration, erythema, and reticulation in every clinical examination. Results: We found that topical pimecrolimus 1% cream was an effective treatment for OLP. Two patients could not complete the treatment protocol because of the side effects such as local irritation and nausea. Conclusion: Topical pimecrolimus may be a valuable second treatment choice for patients with steroid-related side-effects or steroid-resistant OLP. However further randomized controlled studies have to be conducted to compare conventional treatment of topical corticosteroid with topical pimecrolimus.
α-Tocopherol bioavailability is lower in adults with metabolic syndrome regardless of dairy fat co-ingestion: a randomized, double-blind, crossover trial; Background: Increasing dietary fat intake is expected to improve alpha-tocopherol bioavailability, which could be beneficial for improving alpha-tocopherol status, especially in cohorts at high cardiometabolic risk who fail to meet dietary alpha-tocopherol requirements. Objective: Our objective was to assess dose-dependent effects of dairy fat and metabolic syndrome (MetS) health status on alpha-tocopherol pharmacokinetics in plasma and lipoproteins. Design: A randomized, crossover, double-blind study was conducted in healthy and MetS adults (n = 10/group) who ingested encapsulated hexadeuterium-labeled (d(6))-RRR-alpha-tocopherol (15 mg) with 240 mL nonfat (0.2 g fat), reduced-fat (4.8 g fat), or whole (7.9 g fat) milk before blood collection at regular intervals for 72 h. Results: Compared with healthy participants, those with MetS had lower (P < 0.05) baseline plasma alpha-tocopherol (mu mol/mmol lipid) and greater oxidized low-density lipoprotein (LDL), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-IL-10, and C-reactive protein. Regardless of health status, d(6)-alpha-tocopherol bioavailability was unaffected by increasing amounts of dairy fat provided by milk beverages, but MetS participants had lower estimated d(6)-alpha-tocopherol absorption (+/- SEM) than did healthy participants (26.1% +/- 1.0% compared with 29.5% +/- 1.1%). They also had lower plasma d(6)-alpha-tocopherol AUC from 0 to 72 h, as well as maximal concentrations (C-max: 2.04 +/- 0.14 compared with 2.73 +/- 0.18 mu mol/L) and slower rates of plasma disappearance but similar times to C-max. MetS participants had lower d(6)-alpha-tocopherol AUC from t = 0-12 h (AUC(0-t) (final)) 1 in lipoprotein fractions [chylomicron, very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), LDL, high-density lipoprotein]. Percentages of d(6)-alpha-tocopherol AUC(0-t) (final) in both the chylomicron (r = -0.46 to -0.52) and VLDL (r = -0.49 to -0.68) fractions were inversely correlated with oxidized LDL, IL-10, IL-6, and C-reactive protein. Conclusions: At dietary intakes equivalent to the Recommended Dietary Allowance, alpha-tocopherol bioavailability is unaffected by dairy fat quantity but is lower in MetS adults, potentially because of greater inflammation and oxidative stress that limits small intestinal alpha-tocopherol absorption and/or impairs hepatic alpha-tocopherol trafficking. These findings support higher dietary alpha-tocopherol requirements for MetS adults.
Studies on hepatic lipidosis and coinciding health and fertility problems of high-producing dairy cows using the "Utrecht fatty liver model of dairy cows". A review; Fatty liver or hepatic lipidosis is a major metabolic disorder of high-producing dairy cows that occurs rather frequently in early lactation and is associated with decreased health, production and fertility. A background section of the review explores reasons why high-producing dairy cows are prone to develop fatty liver postpartum. Hepatic lipidosis and coinciding health and fertility problems seriously endanger profitability and longevity of the dairy cow. Results from a great number of earlier epidemiological and clinical studies made it clear that a different approach was needed for elucidation of pathogenesis and etiology of this complex of health problems. There was a need for an adequate animal model in which hepatic lipidosis and production, health and fertility problems could be provoked under controlled conditions. It was hypothesized that. overconditioning ante partum and feed restriction postpartum might induce lipolysis in adipose tissue and triacylglycerol accumulation in the liver following calving. This consideration formed the basis for the experiments, which resulted in the "Utrecht fatty liver model of dairy cows". In this model, postpartum triacylglycerol-lipidosis as well as the whole complex of health and fertility problems are induced under well-controlled conditions. The experimental protocol based on this hypothesis produced in all cases (10 feeding trials with over 150 dairy cattle) the intended result, i.e. all experimental cows developed post partum higher hepatic triacylglycerol concentrations than did control cows. The model was evaluated in biochemical, clinical pathology, immunological, clinical and fertility terms. It turned out that in this model, postpartum triacylglycerol-lipidosis as well as the whole complex of health and fertility problems were induced under well-controlled conditions.
A dermocosmetic containing bakuchiol, <i>Ginkgo biloba</i> extract and mannitol improves the efficacy of adapalene in patients with acne <i>vulgaris</i>: result from a controlled randomized trial; Background: Acne vulgaris is an inflammatory disorder of the pilosebaceous unit. Aim: To confirm that BGM (bakuchiol, Ginkgo biloba extract, and mannitol) complex increases the established clinical efficacy of adapalene 0.1% gel in patients with acne. Methods: A clinical trial was conducted in acne patients. A total of 111 subjects received adapalene 0.1% gel and BGM complex or vehicle cream for 2 months. Assessments comprised Investigator Global Assessment (IGA), global efficacy, seborrhea intensity, inflammatory and non-inflammatory lesions, and subject perception, as well as overall safety and local tolerance and quality of life. Results: At the end of the trial, inflammatory and non-inflammatory lesions, IGA, global efficacy, and seborrhea intensity had significantly improved in both treatment groups. Differences were statistically significant (P < 0.05) in favor of BGM complex for inflammatory lesions as well as IGA and seborrhea intensity. Global efficacy assessments and subject perception confirmed the superiority of BGM complex-including treatment over the comparative combination. Quality of life had improved more with the active combination than with the vehicle combination. In the active group, four subjects had to interrupt temporarily BGM complex and 12 adapalene compared to seven subjects interrupting the vehicle and eleven adapalene in the vehicle group. One subject withdrew from the trial due to an allergy to adapalene. The majority of all events were mild. Conclusion: BGM complex improves the treatment outcome of adapalene 0.1% gel in patients with acne vulgaris. Overall, safety and local tolerance of BGM complex were good.
Reformulation initiative for partial replacement of saturated with unsaturated fats in dairy foods attenuates the increase in LDL cholesterol and improves flow-mediated dilatation compared with conventional dairy: the randomized, controlled REplacement of SaturatEd fat in dairy on Total cholesterol (RESET) study; Background: Modifying dairy fat composition by increasing the MUFA content is a potential strategy to reduce dietary SFA intake for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention in the population. Objectives: To determine the effects of consuming SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched (modified) dairy products, compared with conventional dairy products (control), on the fasting cholesterol profile (primary outcome), endothelial function assessed by flow-mediated dilatation (FMD; key secondary outcome), and other cardiometabolic risk markers. Methods: A double-blind, randomized, controlled crossover 12-wk intervention was conducted. Participants with a 1.5-fold higher (moderate) CVD risk than the population mean replaced habitual dairy products with study products (milk, cheese, and butter) to achieve a high-fat, high-dairy isoenergetic daily dietary exchange [38% of total energy intake (%TE) from fat: control (dietary target: 19%TE SFA; 11%TE MUFA) and modified (16%TE SFA; 14%TE MUFA) diet]. Results: Fifty-four participants (57.4% men; mean +/- SEM age: 52 +/- 3 y; BMI: 25.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)) completed the study. The modified diet attenuated the rise in fasting LDL cholesterol observed with the control diet (0.03 +/- 0.06 mmol/L and 0.19 +/- 0.05 mmol/L, respectively; P = 0.03). Relative to baseline, the %FMD response increased after the modified diet (0.35% +/- 0.15%), whereas a decrease was observed after the control diet (-0.51% +/- 0.15%; P < 0.0001). In addition, fasting plasma nitrite concentrations increased after the modified diet, yet decreased after the control diet (0.02 +/- 0.01 mu mol/L and -0.03 +/- 0.02 mu mol/L, respectively; P = 0.01). Conclusions: In adults at moderate CVD risk, consumption of a high-fat diet containing SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched dairy products for 12 wk showed beneficial effects on fasting LDL cholesterol and endothelial function compared with conventional dairy products. Our findings indicate that fatty acid modification of dairy products may have potential as a public health strategy aimed at CVD risk reduction.
Non-esterified plant sterols solubilized in low fat milks inhibit cholesterol absorption - A stable isotope double-blind crossover study; Background: The cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of plant sterols in milks are unknown. The milk fat globule membrane components may enhance the absorption of cholesterol and could make plant sterols less efficient in this complex matrix. Aim of the study: To evaluate in hypercholesterolemic men the cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of verified properly solubilized, non-esterified plant sterols in partly vegetable oil containing milks. Methods: The plant sterols in milk were determined to be properly solubilized, and to have effective in vitro functionality. Sixteen hypercholesterolemic adult men (initial total cholesterol 5.8-8.6 mM) then consumed milk containing sterols (1.8 g of non-esterified pure plant sterols/d) and control milk, alternatively, during two 6-day periods in a double blind cross over design. During the trial, cholesterol absorption was evaluated from the ratio of plasma isotopic enrichment of [26, 26, 26, 27, 27, 27-H-2(6)]cholesterol from oral intake (35.6 +/- 0.2 mumol, +/- SEM) over enrichment of [23, 24, 25, 26, 27-C-13(5)]cholesterol from intravenous injection (77.9 +/- 0.5 mumol). Results: Plant sterols in low fat milks contained very few crystals > 11 mum in the presence and absence of bile salts and lysophospholipids, and inhibited cholesterol uptake in Caco-2 cell. This assured that the sterols were properly solubilized prior to the clinical trial. In the clinical study, compliance of volunteers was excellent. After tracer injections (72 h), the plasma [H-2] and [C-13] isotopic enrichments changed from 0.024 +/- 0.001 and 0.072 +/- 0.003 MPE (control) to 0.015 +/- 0.001 and 0.074 +/- 0.002 MPE during sterol treatment, respectively. Cholesterol absorption was reduced from 70.1 +/- 4.2 % with control to 41.1 +/- 4.0 % with milks containing plant sterol (P < 0.001). Conclusions: These results demonstrate that properly solubilized non-esterified plant sterols in milks significantly inhibit cholesterol absorption in mildly hypercholesterolemic men.
Effects of whey protein and dietary fiber intake on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, and appetite in subjects with abdominal obesity; Background Recently, we demonstrated that whey protein (WP) combined with low dietary fiber improved lipemia, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in subjects with abdominal obesity. In the present study, we investigated the effects of intake of WP and dietary fiber from enzyme-treated wheat bran on other metabolic parameters of the metabolic syndrome. Methods The study was a 12-week, double-blind, randomized, controlled, parallel intervention study. We randomized 73 subjects with abdominal obesity to 1 of 4 iso-energetic dietary interventions: 60 g per day of either WP hydrolysate or maltodextrin (MD) combined with high-fiber (HiFi; 30 g dietary fiber/day) or low-fiber (LoFi; 10 g dietary fiber/day) cereal products. We assessed changes in insulin sensitivity, gut hormones (GLP-1, GLP-2, GIP, and peptide YY), body composition, 24-h BP, resting energy expenditure and respiratory exchange ratio (RER), and appetite. Results Sixty-five subjects completed the trial. Subjective hunger ratings were lower after 12 weeks of WP compared with MD, independent of fiber content (P = 0.02). We found no effects on ratings of satiety, fullness or prospective food consumption for either of the interventions. Intake of WP combined with LoFi increased the postprandial peptide YY response. There were no effects of WP or fiber on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, incretins, or 24-h BP. Conclusions WP consumption for 12 weeks reduced subjective ratings of hunger in subjects with abdominal obesity. Neither WP nor dietary fiber from wheat bran affected insulin sensitivity, 24-h BP, gut hormone responses, body composition, or energy expenditure compared with MD and low dietary fiber.
The Impact of Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption on Oxidative Stress Among Type 2 Diabetic Kidney Disease Patients: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Objective: Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end-stage renal disease. This study aimed to determine the effects of probiotic soy milk consumption on oxidative stress biomarkers in type 2 DKD patients. Methods: Forty-eight patients were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200 mL/day probiotic soy milk in the intervention group or soy milk in the control condition. As determinants of oxidative stress, malondialdehyde, 8-iso-prostaglandin F2 alpha, oxidized glutathione, total antioxidant capacity, reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione peroxidase, and glutathione reductase were measured after 8 weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol. Results: Between groups analysis showed that DKD patients in the probiotic soy milk group had a higher mean value of GSH compared with those in the soy milk group. In the final adjusted model, this difference remained significant. Consistently, oxidized glutathione concentration was significantly reduced among patients in the probiotic soy milk group. Also, for activity levels of antioxidant enzymes including glutathione peroxidase and glutathione reductase, significant increased levels were observed between 2 intervention groups in the final adjusted model. However, no significant reduction of the serum 8-iso-prostaglandin F2 alpha or malondialdehyde and no induction of TAC concentrations within and between the 2 groups in the crude and adjusted models were detected. Conclusion: Overall, the results demonstrate that probiotic soy milk consumption could improve some oxidative stress factors among DKD patients. Further longitudinal studies with consideration of individual variation should be conducted. (C) 2017 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Indices of fatty acid desaturase activity in healthy human subjects: effects of different types of dietary fat; Delta 9-Desaturase (stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1, SCD-1) regulates the desaturation of SFA, mainly stearic and palmitic, to MUFA. Delta 6-Desaturase (D6D) and Delta 5-desaturase (D5D) are involved in the metabolism of linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid to polyunsaturated metabolites. The objective of the present study was to study the effects of different types of dietary fat on indices of fatty acid desaturase (FADS) activity (evaluated as product: precursor ratios) in plasma and skeletal muscle in human subjects. A high SCD-1 index has been related to obesity and metabolic disorders, while the D5D index is associated with insulin sensitivity. Fatty acid composition of serum and skeletal muscle lipids was analysed by GLC during a randomised, controlled, 3-month dietary intervention in healthy subjects. A comparison of the effects of a diet containing butter fat (SFA, n 17) with a diet containing monounsaturated fat (MUFA, n 17), keeping all other dietary components constant, showed a reduced SCD-1 activity index by 20% on the MUFA diet compared with the SFA diet assessed in serum cholesteryl esters. The D6D and D5D indices remained unaffected. Supplementation with long-chain n-3 fatty acids reduced the SCD-1 index by a similar magnitude while the D6D index decreased and the D5D index increased. It is concluded that changes in the type of fat in the diet affect the indices of FADS activity in serum and skeletal muscle in human subjects. The desaturase activity indices estimated from the serum lipid ester composition are significantly related to corresponding indices studied in skeletal muscle phospholipids.
Treatment of seborrheic dermatitis: comparison of sertaconazole 2 % cream versus pimecrolimus 1 % cream; Seborrheic dermatitis (SD) is an inflammatory skin disorder affecting the scalp, face, and trunk. The treatment of SD is an important issue in dermatology. This study aimed at comparing the efficacy of sertaconazole 2 % cream versus pimecrolimus 1 % cream in the treatment of SD. In this clinical trial study, 60 patients suffering from SD were studied. Thirty patients received local sertaconazole 2 % cream and in control group, 30 patients received pimecrolimus 1 % cream. Patients were recommended to use the cream twice a day for 4 weeks. At the beginning of referring and also 2 and 4 weeks after first visit, the patients were examined by a dermatologist to control improvement of clinical symptoms. The mean age of members of the sertaconazole and pimecrolimus groups was 30.12 +/- A 12.56 and 34.67 +/- A 10.98 years, respectively. The highest level of satisfaction (90 %) was observed 28 days after sertaconazole application since it was 80 % in pimecrolimus group. The relationship between patients' satisfaction and receipt of sertaconazole cream (on the 28th day) was statistically significant (P = 0.006). Sertaconazole 2 % cream may be an excellent alternative therapeutic modality for treating SD.
Health of cows, calves and young stock on 26 organic dairy herds in Sweden; The health and housing of the stock on 26 organic dairy herds in four counties in eastern Sweden were studied for one year. The herds ranged in size from 12 to 64 cows, and their milk production from 3772 to 10,334 kg per cow per year. A large-animal practitioner visited the farms three times during the year, and a random sample of a third of the cows in each herd were examined. The calves and young stock and their housing were also studied. The calves were in good condition in all but four herds; their serum immunoglobulins varied from almost none to high levels. The young stock were in good condition and in good housing in 20 herds. No cows with clinical signs of metabolic disorders were found. Body condition scores were adequate or good except in two herds. Acetone was analysed in milk samples from individual cows three to six weeks postpartum, and only sporadic cases with high levels were found. The incidence of diseases treated by a veterinarian was lower in the organic herds than the average for the conventional herds in the local dairy association. The findings at the farm visits supported these data, and it is evident that a good standard of health and welfare can be achieved in organic dairy herds.
Addition of oregano or green tea extracts into the diet for Jersey cows in transition period. Feeding and social behavior, intake and health status. Plant extracts for cows in the transition period; This study aimed to evaluate the effects of feeding oregano or green tea extracts on feeding and social behavior, intake and health status of dairy cows during the transition period. Twenty-four Jersey cows were randomly assigned to treatments: control (CON), 10 g / day of oregano extract (OE) or 5 g / day of green tea extract (GT). Dry matter intake (DMI) was evaluated from 7 days pre-calving until the 16 days of lactation using chromium oxide. Feeding and social behaviors as well as the occurrence of health problems were monitored throughout the experimental period. Plant additives did not affect dry matter intake before calving, but after calving Oregano supplementation tended to increase DMI in 1.3 kg compared with Control. Before calving, during the daytime period, OR tended to decrease time spent lying down in 38 min and eating the concentrate in 8.6 min compared with GT. After calving, Oregano reduced time spent eating the concentrate in 9.8 and 7.5 min compared with GT and CON, respectively. The number of total visits to the feeder was lower for cows supplemented with OE compared to the others. Before calving, when GT was added to the diet, cows visited 3.3 times more the feeder and tended to interact 1.2 and 1.6 times less compared to cows in OE and CON groups, respectively. The number of metabolic disorders and clinical and subclinical infectious diseases was similar between treatments, but cows in OE group that were affected by some disease or disorder, tended to present clinical symptoms or subclinical diagnosis on average 8 days later than those supplemented with GT. Oregano and green tea extracts administered into the diet of lactating Jersey cows during the transition periods change several traits of feeding and social behavior but do not change diet intake and the occurrence of diseases.
Impact of Yoga Intervention on Physical and Mental Health of Adults with Type 2 Diabetes: Study Design and Methodology; Objective: The aim of this study was to discuss the components of yoga intervention and experimental design used to assess its effectiveness in diabetes care centers in Chennai. Materials and Methods: An interventional, randomized prospective study design was adopted. The study was conducted over a 6-month period. Based on inclusion and exclusion criteria, participants were selected from Dr Mohan's Diabetes Specialities Centre. Informed consent was obtained, and participants were randomly assigned to either the intervention or the control group in a 1:1 ratio. Participants in the intervention group underwent yoga training every 2 weeks for up to 3 months. Each yoga session lasted 35 min and included a variety of asanas and pranayama techniques. Participants were also given an audio recording (CD) of the yoga instructions, and they were encouraged to practice yoga at home and advised to keep track of their progress in a dairy provided. Diabetes care was provided to the control group on a routine basis. In addition to biochemical parameters, mental health parameters were also assessed. Independent t-test was performed using SPSS 24.0. Results: A total of 152 participants were screened and randomized with 76 in the intervention arm and 76 in the control arm. There were no challenges in participants recruitment and retention. Data were collected during enrollment, 13 and 26 weeks. At baseline, the intervention arm's mean HbA1c (%) was 8.4 +/- 1.1%, whereas in the control arm, it was 8.3 +/- 1.1% (P = 0.290), and fasting blood glucose levels were 142 +/- 27 mg/dL in the intervention arm and 141 +/- 29 mg/dL in the control arm (P = 0.811). There was no significant difference between groups in terms of lipid profile or mental health parameters at baseline. Conclusion: There is a major lacuna for controlled trials with methodological rigor in yoga intervention; this study may contribute to fill this requirement by systematically elucidating the role of yoga in the management of diabetes and to prevent complications. This study will provide a cost-effective care for people with diabetes.
Regulation of abdominal adiposity by probiotics (<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055) in adults with obese tendencies in a randomized controlled trial; Background/Objectives: In spite of the much evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics, their anti-obesity effects have not been well examined. We evaluated the effects of the probiotic Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) on abdominal adiposity, body weight and other body measures in adults with obese tendencies. Subjects/Methods: We conducted a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled intervention trial. Subjects (n = 87) with higher body mass index (BMI) (24.2-30.7 kg/m(2)) and abdominal visceral fat area (81.2-178.5 cm(2)) were randomly assigned to receive either fermented milk (FM) containing LG2055 (active FM; n = 43) or FM without LG2055 (control FM; n = 44), and were asked to consume 200 g/day of FM for 12 weeks. Abdominal fat area was determined by computed tomography. Results: In the active FM group, abdominal visceral and subcutaneous fat areas significantly (P < 0.01) decreased from baseline by an average of 4.6% (mean (confidence interval): -5.8 (-10.0, -1.7) cm(2)) and 3.3% (-7.4 (-11.6, -3.1) cm(2)), respectively. Body weight and other measures also decreased significantly (P < 0.001) as follows: body weight, 1.4% (-1.1 (-1.5, -0.7) kg); BMI, 1.5% (-0.4 (-0.5, -0.2) kg/m(2)); waist, 1.8% (-1.7 (-2.1, -1.4) cm); hip, 1.5% (-1.5 (-1.8, -1.1) cm). In the control group, by contrast, none of these parameters decreased significantly. High-molecular weight adiponectin in serum increased significantly (P < 0.01) in the active and control groups by 12.7% (0.17 (0.07, 0.26) mu g/ml) and 13.6% (0.23 (0.07, 0.38) mu g/ml), respectively. Conclusion: The probiotic LG2055 showed lowering effects on abdominal adiposity, body weight and other measures, suggesting its beneficial influence on metabolic disorders. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2010) 64, 636-643; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2010.19; published online 10 March 2010
Effects of short dry periods on performance and metabolic status in Holstein dairy cows; To evaluate effects of different dry period lengths on milk yield, milk composition, and energy balance of dairy cows, 122 multiparous and primiparous Holstein dairy cows were used in a completely randomized experimental design with 56-, 42-, and 35-d dry period lengths. Actual dry period lengths for respective treatments (TRT) were 56 +/- 5.1 d, 42 +/- 2.1 d, and 35 +/- 2.7 d. Overall, cows in the 42-and 56-d TRT gained more body condition than those in 35-d TRT during the dry period; however, postpartum body condition score did not change substantially among the TRT. Although from 3 to 210 DIM, differences were not detected in the milk yield of multiparous cows between the 35-and 56d TRT, primiparous cows in the 35-d TRT produced less milk than those in 56-d TRT. In primiparous cows, the milk production at wk 9, 10, and 11 of lactation was lower in the 35-d compared with the 56-d TRT. Primiparous cows in the 35-d compared with the 56-d TRT produced less milk protein. In the 35-d TRT, serum triglyceride concentration was greater in primiparous cows than in multiparous cows during the peripartum period. Among primiparous cows, those in the 56-d TRT had greater concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids than those in the 35-d TRT during the peripartum period. No significant differences were observed in concentrations of serum glucose, insulin, and insulin-like growth factor-I during early lactation among TRT. There was also no difference among TRT for incidence of metabolic disorders. Thus, this study indicates that shortening the dry period to 35 d may be beneficial in multiparous and overconditioned cows, but not in primiparous cows.
EVIDENCE FOR BRAIN SEROTONIN-MEDIATED CONTROL OF CARBOHYDRATE CONSUMPTION IN NORMAL-WEIGHT AND OBESE HUMANS; A plasma insulin and amino acid-mediated mechanism is thought to modulate brain serotonin concentration, thereby regulating carbohydrate consumption on a meal to meal basis. It has been suggested that obesity is associated with a defect in the appetite control system. Furthermore, post-absorptive plasma levels of several amino acids are increased in obese subjects, which is ascribed to obesity-associated insulin resistance and/or hyperinsulinemia. We studied breakfast-induced changes in plasma ratios of tryptophan to other large neutral amino acids and associated differences in macronutrient composition of lunch food in normal weight and obese human subjects. The study was randomized, double blind and cross-over with a 2 x 2 factorial design with drug/placebo and type of breakfast as factors. Nineteen healthy, non-obese (body mass index (BMI) 22.5 +/- 1.9 kg/m2,  mean +/- s.d.) and 19 obese (BMI 34.7 +/- 6.2 kg/m2) female volunteers were treated with either 60 mg fluoxetine (FXT), a serotonin re-uptake blocker specifically acting in the brain, or placebo for four days with a wash-out period between treatments of four weeks. The subjects received either a carbohydrate (CHO) breakfast (80 g maltodextrin, 300 kcal) or a protein-rich (PROT) breakfast (60% milk protein and 40% CHO, 300 kcal) on two consecutive days (days 4 and 5 of each treatment period). Plasma glucose, insulin and amino acids were measured at several time points after breakfast. Three hours after breakfast, subjects were able to choose from 29 different food items. Total energy content and weight of lunch food and energy percentage of each macronutrient were calculated. Data were analysed using repeated measures analysis of variance. The plasma Trp/LNAA ratio was significantly higher at 120 min after a CHO breakfast than at 120 min after a PROT breakfast. The energy percentage of carbohydrate consumed for lunch after a CHO breakfast was significantly lower than after a PROT breakfast. This effect of breakfast type on macronutrient composition of lunch food was abolished by the use of FXT. The drug in itself induced a decrease of total caloric intake for lunch, but did not significantly affect macronutrient composition of the meal. We did not find differences between obese and normal weight subjects concerning their response to the nutritional and serotoninergic challenges. However, the plasma Trp/LNAA ratio, irrespective of the challenge, was higher in obese subjects both in fasting conditions and at 120 min after breakfast, which was associated with a slightly (but not significantly) lower carbohydrate content and higher fat content of lunch food in obese subjects. This study supports the results of animal experiments indicating that the consumption of a protein-free, carbohydrate-rich meal suppresses the intake of carbohydrate in proportion to other macronutrients during a subsequent meal. This effect might be mediated by enhanced central serotoninergic neurotransmission, brought about by the consumption of carbohydrates. The small differences in macronutrient composition of lunch food between normal weight and obese subjects could be the result of differences in plasma amino acid concentrations and serotonin-mediated neurotransmission in the brain.
Menaquinones, Bacteria, and the Food Supply: The Relevance of Dairy and Fermented Food Products to Vitamin K Requirements; Vitamin K exists in the food supply as phylloquinone, a plant-based form and as menaquinones (MKs), a collection of isoprenologues mostly originating from bacterial synthesis. Although multiple bacterial species used as starter cultures for food fermentations synthesize MK, relatively little is known about the presence and distribution of MK in the food supply and the relative contribution of MK to total dietary vitamin K intake. Dairy products may be a predominant source of dietary MK in many regions of the world, and there is recent interest in enhancing the MK content of dairy products through identification and selection of MK-producing bacteria in dairy fermentations. This interest is increased by emerging evidence that current dietary recommendations based on the classic role of vitamin K as an enzyme cofactor for coagulation proteins may not be optimal for supporting vitamin K requirements in extrahepatic tissues and that MK may have unique bioactivity beyond that as an enzyme cofactor. Observational studies have reported favorable associations between MK intake and bone and cardiovascular health. Although randomized trials have provided some evidence to support the beneficial effects of MK on bone, the evidence to date is not definitive, and randomized trials have not yet examined MK intake in relation to cardiovascular outcomes. Food production practices provide a means to enhance dietary MK availability and intake. However, parallel research is needed to optimize these production practices, develop comprehensive food MK content databases, and test hypotheses of unique beneficial physiological roles of MK beyond that achieved by phylloquinone.
Interactions of Environmental Factors and <i>APOA1-APOC3-APOA4-APOA5</i> Gene Cluster Gene Polymorphisms with Metabolic Syndrome; Objective The present study investigated the prevalence and risk factors for Metabolic syndrome. We evaluated the association between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the apolipoprotein APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster and the MetS risk and analyzed the interactions of environmental factors and APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster polymorphisms with MetS. Methods A study on the prevalence and risk factors for MetS was conducted using data from a large cross-sectional survey representative of the population of Jilin Province situated in northeastern China. A total of 16,831 participations were randomly chosen by multistage stratified cluster sampling of residents aged from 18 to 79 years in all nine administrative areas of the province. Environmental factors associated with MetS were examined using univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses based on the weighted sample data. A subsample of 1813 survey subjects who met the criteria for MetS patients and 2037 controls from this case-control study were used to evaluate the association between SNPs and MetS risk. Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood lymphocytes, and SNP genotyping was determined by MALDI-TOF-MS. The associations between SNPs and MetS were examined using a case-control study design. The interactions of environmental factors and APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster polymorphisms with MetS were assessed using multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results The overall adjusted prevalence of MetS was 32.86% in Jilin province. The prevalence of MetS in men was 36.64%, which was significantly higher than the prevalence in women (29.66%). MetS was more common in urban areas (33.86%) than in rural areas (31.80%). The prevalence of MetS significantly increased with age (OR = 8.621, 95% CI = 6.594-11.272). Mental labor (OR = 1.098, 95% CI = 1.008-1.195), current smoking (OR = 1.259, 95% CI = 1.108-1.429), excess salt intake (OR = 1.252, 95% CI = 1.149-1.363), and a fruit and dairy intake less than 2 servings a week were positively associated with MetS (P<0.05). A family history of diabetes (OR = 1.630, 95% CI = 1.484-1.791), cardiovascular disease or cerebral diseases (OR = 1.297, 95% CI = 1.211-1.389) was associated with MetS. APOA1 rs670, APOA5 rs662799 and rs651821 revealed significant differences in genotype distributions between the MetS patients and control subjects. The minor alleles of APOA1 rs670, APOA5 rs662799 and rs651821, and APOA5 rs2075291 were associated with MetS (P<0.0016). APOA1 rs5072 and APOC3 rs5128, APOA5 rs651821 and rs662799 were in strong linkage disequilibrium to each other with r(2) greater than 0.8. Five haplotypes were associated with an increased risk of MetS (OR = 1.23, 1.58, 1.80, 1.90, and 1.98). When we investigated the interactions of environmental factors and APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster gene polymorphisms, we found that APOA5 rs662799 had interactions with tobacco use and alcohol consumption (P-GE<0.05). Conclusions There was a high prevalence of MetS in the northeast of China. Male gender, increasing age, mental labor, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease or cerebral diseases, current smoking, excess salt intake, fruit and dairy intake less than 2 servings a week, and drinking were associated with MetS. The APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster was associated with MetS in the Han Chinese. APOA5 rs662799 had interactions with the environmental factors associated with MetS.
Impact of high prebiotic and probiotic dietary education in the SARS-CoV-2 era: improved cardio-metabolic profile in schizophrenia spectrum disorders; Background: The development of new aetiological premises, such as the microbiota-gut-brain axis theory, evidences the influence of dietary and nutritional patterns on mental health, affecting the patient's quality of life in terms of physical and cardiovascular health. The aim was to determine the impact of a nutritional programme focused on increasing the intake of prebiotic and probiotic food on cardio-metabolic status in individuals with schizophrenia spectrum disorders in the contextual setting of the SARS-CoV-2 era. Methods: A randomised clinical trial (two-arm, double-blind, balanced-block, six-month intervention) was conducted in a group of 50 individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia spectrum disorder during the SARS-CoV-2 confinement period. The control group received conventional dietary counselling on an individual basis. In the intervention group, an individual nutritional education programme with a high content of prebiotics and probiotics (dairy and fermented foods, green leafy vegetables, high-fibre fruit, whole grains, etc.) was established. Data on cardiovascular status were collected at baseline, three and six months. In addition, anthropometric parameters were analysed monthly. Results: Forty-four subjects completed follow-up and were analysed. Statistical differences (p < 0.05) were found in all anthropometric variables at baseline and six months of intervention. A 27.4% reduction in the prevalence of metabolic syndrome risk factors in all its components was evidenced, leading to a clinically significant improvement (decrease in cardiovascular risk) in the intervention group at six months. Conclusions: The development of a nutritional programme focused on increasing the dietary content of prebiotics and probiotics effectively improves the cardio-metabolic profile in schizophrenia spectrum disorders. Therefore, nursing assumes an essential role in the effectiveness of dietary interventions through nutritional education and the promotion of healthy lifestyles. Likewise, nursing acquires a relevant role in interdisciplinary coordination in confinement contexts.
Effects of Clear Kefir on Biomolecular Aspects of Glycemic Status of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) Patients in Bandung, West Java [Study on Human Blood Glucose, c Peptide and Insulin]; Background: Diabetes Mellitus (DM) triggers an excessive reaction of free-radicals. It increases reactive oxygen species and reduces antioxidants status as well as the beta cell damage. Clear kefir was used for DM therapies, however it limited biomolecular exploration of its bioactive roles. Research aimed to investigate the effects of clear kefir on the biomolecular nature of the glycemic status of T2DM in Bandung. Methods: The randomized pretest-posttest control group was conducted by 106 T2DM patients. Research was done in several hospitals in Bandung and Cimahi, West Java from 2012-2013. Samples were divided randomly into three groups: (1) T2DM with HbA(1c) < 7 was fed a standard diet, supplemented with 200 ml/day of clear kefir, (2) T2DM with HbA(1c) > 7 fed standard diet and supplemented 200 ml/day by clear kefir, (3) T2DM with HbA(1c) was fed a standard diet as a control group. Dose response was obtained from a preeliminary vivo study, and then converted to human dosage by year 2011. Intervention was effectively done for 30 days. HbA(1c) was measured by HPLC. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) and Postprandial blood glucose levels (PBG) were measured by enzymes levels. C Peptide and insulin were measured by Elisa. Data was analyzed by a statictics programme by significance p<0,05. Study was approved by ethic committee. Results : HbA(1c) was significantly reduced in delta level (p<0.01) and FBG (p<0.015) among kefir groups. PBG was not significantly reduced among groups. C-Peptide was significantly increased in delta level, except in control group (p<0.014). Insulin was reduced significantly, except in control group (p<0.003). Conclusions : Supplementation of clear kefir reduced blood glucose levels (HbA(1c), FBG, PBG) and increased c-peptide. Clear kefir's biomolecular mechanisms and chemistry characterization is a challenge for future studies.
Effects of abomasal infusion of nicotinic acid on responses to glucose and β-agonist challenges in underfed lactating cows; The objectives were to assess the use of nicotinic acid (NA) to chronically (i.e., 74 h) manipulate plasma nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations in partially feed-restricted lactating cows, determine whether the reduction of plasma NEFA altered responses to i.v. glucose tolerance test (ivGTT) and whether NA would attenuate an acute lipolytic stimuli of a beta-agonist challenge (ivBAC). Eight lactating dairy cows [244 +/- 31 d in milk; 696 +/- 63 kg of body weight (BW)] were blocked by breed and body condition score (3.2 +/- 0.4) and randomly assigned to a sequence of 2 treatments in a crossover design. Treatments were 74-h continuous abomasal infusion of NA solution (3 mg/h per kg of BW) as an antilipolytic agent to decrease plasma NEFA concentrations or the same volume of water (200 mL/h), concomitant with partial feed restriction. From 0 to 74 h of each experimental period, cows were feed-restricted to 33% of the ad libitum intake recorded during the prior 5 d. An ivGTT (0.25 g/kg of BW of glucose i.v.) and an ivBAC (4 nmol/kg of BW of isoproterenol hydrochloride, i.v.) were performed at 48 and 72 h, respectively. Intake was 24.1, 8.2, 8.0, and 8.0 kg of dry matter/d before restriction, on d 1, 2 and 3, respectively. Nicotinic acid decreased plasma NEFA and increased insulin and glucose concentrations during feed restriction. Nicotinic acid also led to greater glucose and insulin response areas under the curve during ivGTT [glucose: 6,562 vs. 5,056 (mg/dL) x180 min; insulin: 6,042 vs. 2,502 (mu IU/mL) x180 min] and ivBAC [glucose: 535 vs. 240 (mg/dL) x120 min; insulin: 1,283 vs. 222 (mu IU/mL) x120 min], and enhanced NEFA area under the curve during ivBAC [45,521 vs. 22,862 (mu Eq/L) x120 min]. Milk, fat, and protein yields (29.1, 1.2, and 0.93 kg on d -2, respectively) decreased to 17.9, 0.81, and 0.56 kg for control, and 11.5, 0.54, and 0.39 kg for NA on d 3, respectively. Nicotinic acid may have decreased production by inhibiting the supply of NEFA for energy and milk fat synthesis. Milk urea nitrogen was increased by NA on d 2 (12.8 vs. 19.1 mg/dL) and d 3 (11.6 vs. 17.8 mg/dL), probably due to a greater reliance on mobilized amino acids. Somatic cell count was increased by NA on d 3 (187 vs. 848 x1,000 cells/mL). Patterns of glucose and insulin concentration observed during 74 h of NA infusion reflect a state of insulin resistance, which contrasts with shorter term responses in nonlactating cows. Data suggest that long-term supraphysiological infusion of NA affected intermediary metabolism beyond antilipolysis and did not inhibit acute lipolytic stimuli of ivBAC.
Total lactic acid bacteria, antioxidant activity, and acceptance of synbiotic yoghurt with red ginger extract (<i>Zingiberofficinale var</i>. <i>rubrum</i>); Antioxidant related to oxidative stress can caused the metabolic disorders. A functional food that high in antioxidant can be use as the alternative prevention. The addition of red ginger extract in yoghurt could form a functional food, that high in antioxidant, synbiotic and fiber. The influence of red ginger extract on yoghurt synbiotic against lactic acid bacteria, antioxidant activity and acceptance were analyzed. This was an experimental research with one factor complete randomized design, specifically the addition of red ginger extract 0%; 0,1%; 0,3% and 0,5% into synbiotic yoghurt. Total plate count method used to analyze the lactic acid bacteria, 1-1-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) method for antioxidant activity, and acceptance analyzed with hedonic test. The higher the dose of extract added to synbiotic yoghurt, the antioxidant activity got significantly increased (rho=0,0001), while the lactic acid bacteria got insignificantly decreased (rho=0,085). The addition of 0,5% red ginger extract obtained the antioxidant activity of 71% and 4,86 x 10(13) CFU/ml on lactic acid bacteria, which the requirement for probiotic on National Standard of Indonesia is >10(7) CFU/ml. The addition of extract had a significant effect on acceptance (rho=0,0001) in flavor, color, and texture, but not aroma (rho=0,266). The optimal product in this research was the yoghurt synbiotic with addition of 0,1% red ginger extract. To summarize, the addition of red ginger extract in synbiotic yoghurt had significant effect on antioxidant activity, flavor, color, and texture, but no significant effect on lactic acid bacteria and aroma.
Is vitamin D-fortified yogurt a value-added strategy for improving human health? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials; Yogurt is a good source of probiotics, calcium, and proteins, but its content of vitamin D is low. Therefore, yogurt could be a good choice for vitamin D fortification to improve the positive health outcomes associated with its consumption. The primary aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to investigate the effect of vitamin D-fortified yogurt compared with plain yogurt on levels of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD). The secondary aim was to evaluate the effect of fortified yogurt on parathyroid hormone, anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, glucose metabolism, and lipid profile. We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar for eligible studies; that is, randomized controlled trials (RCT) that compared vitamin D-fortified yogurt with control treatment without any additional supplement. Random-effects models were used to estimate pooled effect sizes and 95% confidence intervals. Findings from 9 RCT (n = 665 participants) that lasted from 8 to 16 wk are summarized in this review. The meta-analyzed mean differences for random effects showed that vitamin D-fortified yogurt (from 400 to 2,000 IU) increased serum 250HD by 31.00 nmol/L. In addition, vitamin D-fortified yogurt decreased parathyroid hormone by 15.47 ng/L, body weight by 0.92 kg, waist circumference by 2.01 cm, HOMA-IR by 2.18 mass units, fasting serum glucose by 22.54 mg/dL, total cholesterol by 13.38 mg/dL, and triglycerides by 30.12 mg/dL compared with the controlled treatments. No publication bias was identified. Considerable between-study heterogeneity was observed for most outcomes. Vitamin D-fortified yogurt may be beneficial in improving serum 25OHD, lipid profile, glucose metabolism, and anthropometric parameters and decreasing parathyroid hormone level in pregnant women and adult and elderly subjects with or without diabetes, prediabetes, or metabolic syndrome.
Sterol-standardized phytopharmaceutical from ground cherry: Corticoid-like properties on human keratinocytes and fibroblasts and its effects in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background: Topical corticosteroids have been the most commonly prescribed drugs to treat skin inflammation, but their uses can lead to several adverse effects. Nowadays, new pharmacological strategies have been evaluated to improve dermatologic efficacy and reduce adverse effects, including natural products. Objectives: The aim of this study was to evaluate and compare the effects of a plant sterol standardized supercritical CO2 phytopharmaceutical of Physalis angulata L. with hydrocortisone on the immune and inflammatory mediators, and skin repair components production. Moreover, we studied effects of both products on the skin microcirculation and temperature in a double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. Methods: Both products were evaluated on the immune (IL-6, IL-10, INF-gamma, TNF-alpha, and IL-1 alpha), inflammatory (COX-2, LOX, PLA(2), PGE(2), LTB4, histamine, and NF-kappa B), and repair components (TGF-beta, GM-CSF, collagen, and GAG) production on human keratinocytes and fibroblast in non-stimulated and LPS-stimulated conditions. Indeed, in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, we evaluated the effects of the both creams on the skin microcirculation and temperature using laser Doppler and infrared thermometer, respectively. Results: Physalis angulata acted on the skin, modulating immune status and inflammatory response producing corticoid-like effects, but different of hydrocortisone, increased skin repair factors. The effects of phytopharmaceutical cream in the clinical trial promoted a better reduction in skin microcirculation and temperature than hydrocortisone. Conclusions: Taken together, the results indicate that sterol standardized CO2 supercritical preparation of P angulata is a new and innovative phytopharmaceutical with multiple pharmacological effects potentially useful as human skin protective product, particularly against cutaneous inflammatory disorders.
A double-blind randomized placebo-controlled pilot study comparing topical immunomodulating agents and corticosteroids for treatment of experimentally induced nickel contact dermatitis; Background: Although topical glucocorticoids are effective for most inflammatory skin disorders, their use is limited by local and systemic side effects. Tacrolimus and pimecrolimus are immunomodulators that provide clinicians with steroid-sparing options in the long-term topical treatment of allergic contact dermatitis. Objective To obtain pilot data regarding the relative efficacies of pimecrolimus 1% cream, tacrolimus 0.1% ointment, clobetasol propionate 0.05% ointment, and triamcinolone acetonide 0.1% ointment, as compared to control preparations (Vanicream and petrolatum), for treatment of experimentally induced nickel contact dermatitis. Methods: Twenty-one volunteers with positive patch test reactions to nickel sulfate 5% at six sites (three on each arm) applied each study medication to one nickel site, respectively, twice daily for 14 days. Study medications were prepared in identical syringes, and the site of application was randomly assigned by a computer-generated randomization schedule. Assessments were performed at 3, 7, 10, and 14 days after randomization. Results: Most reactions were coded as resolved or as almost resolved by day 14 regardless of treatment. Although most pairwise comparisons were not statistically significant, a clear trend was observed for sites treated with active drug to do better than control sites. Conclusion: Possible explanations for these results include contamination by neighboring medication sites, timing of assessments, and lack of repeated nickel applications.
EFFECT OF STRATEGIC NUTRIENT SUPPLEMENTATION ON HEALTH, REPRODUCTIVE AND PRODUCTIVE STATUS OF BUFFALOES IN THE MALWA REGION OF MADHYA PRADESH; In Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh, buffaloes have a significant contribution as dairy animals. Nutritional deficiencies cause several reproductive and metabolic problems in buffaloes. Rations of advanced pregnant buffaloes are mostly based on straw with very little concentrates and greens without any mineral supplementation. To find out the nutritional causes and in order to suggest the strategic nutrient supplementation to overcome these problems in dairy animals, the present study was conducted to know the nutrient status of buffaloes of Indore district of Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh. Twenty (20) adult healthy advanced pregnant buffaloes identical in all respect were selected randomly from the area of the study and feed intake of individual animal was measured to work out nutrient availability by considering chemical composition of dietary ingredients. The nutrient availability of individual animal was compared with the nutrient requirements given in the feeding standards to work out the nutrient deficiencies/excess/imbalance. Results indicated shortage of DCP 11 %, P 21 %, Zn 65 %, Cu 2 %, vitamin A 45 % and vitamin E 80 % in advanced pregnant buffaloes. On the basis of results obtained a strategic nutritional supplement, containing deficient nutrients, was formulated. These animals (20) were divided into two groups (a) Control/Un-supplemented (n=10) fed on existing ration (b) Treatment/Supplemented (n=10) fed on existing ration supplemented with strategic nutrients during advanced pregnancy for 2 months. The strategic nutrient supplementation in advanced pregnant buffaloes found to prevent reproductive problems, metabolic disorders and mastitis. It also improved the health status of buffaloes. However, there was no significant difference in milk yield of supplemented and un-supplemented groups.
Effects of oral white willow bark (<i> Salix</i> <i>alba</i> ) and intravenous flunixin meglumine on prostaglandin E<sub>2</sub> in healthy dairy calves; White willow bark (WWB) is commonly used in combination with other medicinal herbs and analgesics to alleviate inflammatory pain in disbudded calves under organic management, but there is no evidence to confirm an effect of WWB on inflammatory biomarkers in calves. The objective of this study was to determine whether WWB affects the inflammatory biomarker prostaglandin E (2) (PGE( 2) ) in healthy dairy calves. A randomized crossover trial with 2 periods and 5 treatments was used for this experiment. A 7-d washout period was used to minimize carryover effects. The treatments were (1) 57.6 mg/kg oral WWB (low dose; L-WWB), (2) 115.1 mg/kg oral WWB (medium dose; M-WWB), (3) 230.3 mg/kg oral WWB (high dose; H-WWB), (4) 2.2 mg/kg i.v. flunixin meglumine (FM), or (5) no treatment (NT). Calves (n = 25) were randomly assigned to receive 1 of the 25 treatment sequences. Blood samples were collected at 1, 2, and 4 h after administration to determine PGE (2) and salicylic acid plasma concentrations. The WWB had 2,171 mu g/g (+/- 4.3% relative standard error) salicin (0.22%). On average, calves in the FM (721 +/- 274 pg/mL) treatment had lower PGE (2) than calves in all other treatments. Calves in the NT (2,606 +/- 271 pg/mL), L-WWB (2,509 +/- 276 pg/mL), M-WWB (2,343 +/- 270 pg/mL), and H-WWB (3,039 +/- 270 pg/mL) treatments had similar PGE( 2) averaged across sampling times. Calves in the L-WWB (23.4 +/- 1.9 ng/mL), M-WWB (21.5 +/- 1.9 ng/mL), and H-WWB (23.3 +/- 1.9 ng/mL) treatments had similar maximum salicylic acid plasma concentrations. Results from this study indicate that the WWB doses used in this experiment were ineffective at achieving dose-dependent PGE (2) and salicylic acid plasma concentration responses.
Efficacy of a Topical Herbal Cream Containing Frankincense Oil, Pumpkin Oil and Licorice Aqueous Extract in Patients with Mild-to-Moderate Plaque Psoriasis: a Randomized Clinical Trial; Background and objectives: Psoriasis is a prevalent, chronic, and inflammatory disorder with good response rates using novel treatment strategies. However, side effects are a limiting factor in long-time treatment. Recent studies have demonstrated that many natural remedies have fewer side effects and are thus safer options. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of a novel topical herbal preparation in patients with plaque psoriasis. Methods: This randomized, triple-blind, vehicle-controlled, two-arm parallel trial was conducted in patients with mild-to-moderate plaque psoriasis (psoriasis area & severity index= PASI score< 12). We randomized 108 patients in 1:1 ratio to receive Boswellia-based cream (containing Boswellia spp. ethanolic extract, Boswellia spp. oil, Glycyrrhiza glabra extract, Cucurbita pepo pulp oil) or vehicle cream, both applied as a thin layer on skin lesions twice daily for four weeks. Results: Compared with vehicle, the Boswellia-based cream group showed greater reduction in mean PASI score from baseline to week two and from week two to week four (both p<0.001). After two weeks of therapy, Dermatology Life Quality Index decreased in both groups, but to a greater extent in the intervention group compared with vehicle (p=0.004). From week two to week four, this item showed an additional decrease in Boswellia-based group compared to vehicle (p=0.001). After four weeks of therapy, patients in the Boswellia-based group were more satisfied than patients in vehicle group (median score: 8 in Boswellia-based group and 5 in vehicle, p<0.001). Conclusions: The outcomes showed significant alleviation of psoriasis signs and symptoms with this herbal cream.
Reasons and risk factors for on-farm mortality in Estonian dairy herds; Mortality of dairy cattle causes financial loss for the farmer and reflects animal welfare status. The aim of this study was to determine the on-farm mortality (unassisted death and euthanasia), reasons, as well as risk factors for on-farm mortality in Estonian dairy cattle. Data of years 2013 and 2014 about all cattle from dairy herds in Estonia was collected from the Estonian Agricultural Registers and Information Board. The dataset included records of 363,380 animals from 2616 herds. Multivariable Weibull proportional hazard models with herd as random effect were composed for detecting significant associations between potential risk factors and on-farm mortality (composed outcome including unassisted death and euthanasia). Data from Estonian Livestock Performance Recording Ltd was used to determine the reasons for on-farm mortality. The overall mortality rate (MR) including unassisted death and euthanasia was 6.95 per 100 animal-years. Mortality was highest in male (MR=55.96 per 100 animal-years, 95% CI 54.53; 57.42) and female (MR=27.70 per 100 animal-years, 95% CI 26.99; 28.43) calves up to three months old and lowest in female cattle aged 1218 months (MR=0.99 per 100 animal-years, 95% CI 0.89; 1.10). The main farmers' stated reasons for dairy cow mortality were 'Metabolic and digestive disorders' and 'Feet/claw disorders'. The main reasons for on-farm mortality among youngstock were 'Metabolic and digestive disorders', 'Respiratory and infectious diseases' and 'Other reasons'. The risk factor analysis was carried out in three age categories: < 3 months, 3-23 months and >= 24 months. Estonian Holstein breed was associated with significantly higher risk of mortality compared to Estonian Red breed cattle in every age group. The hazard of on-farm mortality was significantly higher for herds with over 400 animal-years compared to smaller herds in all age groups. Regional differences in mortality hazard were present in the model of youngstock over 3 months and adult cattle. Seasonal differences in mortality rate were present and differed by age groups. This is the first study revealing the on-farm mortality and related risk factors in Estonian dairy cattle population.
The usefulness of recombinant bovine somatotrophin (rbST) in minimizing lipid metabolism disturbances in cows; Fatty liver and ketosis are metabolic disorders that usually develop during the periparturient period. Fatty liver occurs when the rate of triglyceride (TG) synthesis exceeds the rate of TG hydrolysis and TG elimination as a very low density lipoprotein (VLDL). Several strategies for the prevention of fatty Liver have been proposed, but present limitations in the knowledge of hepatic fatty acids metabolism preclude their effective implementation. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the efficacy of recombinant bST in minimising the results of periparturient lipid metabolism disturbances in cows. The studies were performed on 60 Black-White x 90% HF cows with an annual average milk yield of 5500 litres, randomly selected from a herd in which had earlier demonstrated the frequent occurrence of lipid metabolism disturbances. The animals were divided into two groups: control and experimental. 30 experimental cows immediately following partus were subcutaneously treated with 640 mg of recombinant bovine somatotrophin. The cows in the control group simultaneously received a placebo. Blood samples for biochemical examinations were collected from ail animals four times i.e. in the second week before the delivery and 2nd, 4th and 8th week of lactation. The analysis included estimating the concentration of glucose, total cholesterol, cholesterol in HDL fraction, triglycerides, urea, activity of asparate aminotransferase (AspAT), gamma-glutamylotransferase (GGTP), glutamate dehydrogenase (GLDH) and non esterified fatty acids (NEFA). Blood samples were also obtained in order to estimate the total protein level of plasma, including its fractions. An analysis of the examined factors showed that recombinant bST administrated after partus had a high therapeutic efficacy on lipid metabolism in liver Besides, the authors subjective clinical impression was that somatotrophin was helpful in treating cows with lipid metabolism disturbances.
Everyday Eating Experiences of Chocolate and Non-Chocolate Snacks Impact Postprandial Anxiety, Energy and Emotional States; Social and psychological stressors are both a part of daily life and are increasingly recognized as contributors to individual susceptibility to develop diseases and metabolic disorders. The present study investigated how snacks differing in sensory properties and presentation can influence ratings of affect in consumers with different levels of dispositional anxiety. This study examines the relationships between a pre-disposition to anxiety and food using a repeated exposures design with three interspersed test days over a period of two weeks. The study was conducted on ninety free-living male (n = 28) and female (n = 62) Dutch participants aged between 18 and 35 years old, with a BMI between 18 and 25 kg/m(2) and different anxiety trait levels assessed using State-Trait Anxiety Inventory tests. The study was randomized by age, gender, anxiety trait score, and followed a parallel open design. Three test products: dark chocolate, a milk chocolate snack and crackers with cheese spread (control), which differed in composition, sensory properties and presentation, were evaluated. Changes in self-reported anxiety, emotion, and energetic states were assessed as a function of eating the snacks just after consumption and up to one hour. The repeated exposure design over a period of two weeks enabled the investigations of potential cumulative effects of regular consumption of the food products. The milk chocolate snack resulted in the decrease of anxiety in high anxiety trait subjects, whereas dark chocolate and cheese and crackers respectively improved the anxiety level and the energetic state of low anxiety trait participants. The mood effects were not altered with repeated exposure, and the magnitude of changes was similar on each test day, which illustrates the repeatability of the effects of the food on subjective measures of postprandial wellness.
Validation of milk mid-infrared spectroscopy for predicting the metabolic status of lactating dairy cows in Australia; Increased concentrations of some serum biomarkers are known to be associated with impaired health of dairy cows. Therefore, being able to predict these biomarkers, especially in the early stage of lactation, would enable preventive management decision. Some health biomarkers may also be used as phenotypes for genetic improvement for improved animal health. In this study, we validated the accuracy and robustness of models for predicting serum concentrations of beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), fatty acids, and urea nitrogen, using milk mid-infrared (MIR) spectroscopy. The data included 3,262 blood samples of 3,027 lactating Holstein-Friesian cows from 19 dairy herds in Southeastern Australia, collected in the period from July 2017 to April 2020. The models were developed using partial least squares regression and were validated using 10-fold random cross-validation, herd-year by herd-year external validation, and year by year validation. The coefficients of determination (R-2) for prediction of serum BHB, fatty acids, and urea obtained through random cross-validation were 0.60, 0.42, and 0.87, respectively. For the herd-year by herd-year external validation, the prediction accuracies held up comparatively well, with R-2 values of 0.49, 0.33, and 0.67 for of serum BHB, fatty acids, and urea, respectively. When the models were developed using data from a single year to predict data collected in future years, the R-2 remained comparable, however, the root mean squared errors increased substantially (4-10 times larger than compared with that of herd-year by herd-year external validation) which could be due to machine differences in spectral response, the change in spectral response of individual machines over time, or other differences associated with farm management between seasons. In conclusion, the mid-infrared equations for predicting serum BHB, fatty acids, and urea have been validated. The prediction equations could be used to help farmers detect cows with metabolic disorders in early lactation in addition to generating novel phenotypes for genetic improvement purposes.
Beneficial Effects of a Topical Foam Cream Product in a Study on Subjects with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetic Foot Skin Xerosis; Aim: The purpose of this double-blind randomized vehicle-controlled in-home use and clinical study was to evaluate the effectiveness of a topically applied medical device foam cream on dry skin of diabetic feet. Methods: Measurements of skin moisture were performed using corneometry (hydration) and transepidermal water loss (barrier function). General appearance (digital photography) of the skin was also evaluated. Subjective and objective evaluations of xerosis parameters were performed before, during and after the test period. Results: A significant increase in skin hydration of the feet treated with the active foam cream was observed compared to vehicle foam cream. Measurement of skin capacitance demonstrated a significant improvement when treated with the active foam cream.Transepidermal water loss (TEWL) was reduced for both treatments. After an application period of 2 weeks improved barrier function was observed for the active foam cream. Both, subject and clinical observations showed an improvement of visual skin appearance with the observed improvement being advantageous toward the active foam cream. Conclusion: The active medical device foam cream performed better regarding barrier function, hydration and overall visual skin appearance of the feet. All findings were well correlated and with the observed improvement favouring the active foam cream.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of an <i>Aloe vera</i> (<i>A-barbadensis</i>) emulsion in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis; Various Aloe vera extracts are widely used in a variety of over-the-counter skin products, but only a few studies have been conducted to provide support for the use of Aloe vera (A, barbadensis), one of the most commonly used species of Aloe vera, in the treatment of inflammatory skin conditions. Seborrheic dermatitis is a common inflammatory skin disorder for which available topical treatment may be helpful but not curative. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of an emulsion formulated from a crude extract of Aloe vera (A. barbadensis) on seborrheic dermatitis. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled prospective clinical trial was performed in 44 adult patients with seborrheic dermatitis. A comparison of symptom scores in the Aloe vera (A, barbadensis) and placebo groups, before and after treatment revealed a significant decrease in scaliness, pruritus and the number of sites involved in seborrheic dermatitis, but not in erythema, Global improvement rates in patients treated with Aloe vera (A, barbadensis) were significantly higher than in placebo-treated patients, as assessed by both dermatologists (58% and 15%, respectively; P = 0.009) and patients (62% and 25%, respectively; P = 0.03), The results of the present study indicate that Aloe vera (A, barbadensis) crude extract emulsion is effective in the therapy of patients with seborrheic dermatitis.
Etiologic effects and optimal intakes of foods and nutrients for risk of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes: Systematic reviews and meta-analyses from the Nutrition and Chronic Diseases Expert Group (NutriCoDE); Background Dietary habits are major contributors to coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. However, comprehensive evaluation of etiologic effects of dietary factors on cardiometabolic outcomes, their quantitative effects, and corresponding optimal intakes are not well established. Objective To systematically review the evidence for effects of dietary factors on cardiometabolic diseases, including comprehensively assess evidence for causality; estimate magnitudes of etiologic effects; evaluate heterogeneity and potential for bias in these etiologic effects; and determine optimal population intake levels. Methods We utilized Bradford-Hill criteria to assess probable or convincing evidence for causal effects of multiple diet-cardiometabolic disease relationships. Etiologic effects were quantified from published or de novo meta-analyses of prospective studies or randomized clinical trials, incorporating standardized units, dose-response estimates, and heterogeneity by age and other characteristics. Potential for bias was assessed in validity analyses. Optimal intakes were determined by levels associated with lowest disease risk. Results We identified 10 foods and 7 nutrients with evidence for causal cardiometabolic effects, including protective effects of fruits, vegetables, beans/legumes, nuts/seeds, whole grains, fish, yogurt, fiber, seafood omega-3s, polyunsaturated fats, and potassium; and harms of unprocessed red meats, processed meats, sugar-sweetened beverages, glycemic load, trans-fats, and sodium. Proportional etiologic effects declined with age, but did not generally vary by sex. Established optimal population intakes were generally consistent with observed national intakes and major dietary guidelines. In validity analyses, the identified effects of individual dietary components were similar to quantified effects of dietary patterns on cardiovascular risk factors and hard endpoints. Conclusions These novel findings provide a comprehensive summary of causal evidence, quantitative etiologic effects, heterogeneity, and optimal intakes of major dietary factors for cardiometabolic diseases, informing disease impact estimation and policy planning and priorities.
Influence of Phytogenic Feed Additive on Performance of Feedlot Cattle; This study evaluated the influence of a blended phytogenic feed additive on feed intake, feeding behavior, nutrient digestibility, and growth performance during feedlot adaptation, early, and late finishing periods as well as carcass traits. Twenty-six crossbred F1 Angus x Nellore bulls (19 mo +/- 4 d) were housed in individually pens and fed a high-forage receiving diet for 7 days. At the end of the receiving period, bulls were weighted [initial shrunk body weight (SBW) 363 +/- 20 kg], blocked by SBW and randomly assigned to two treatments; Control: without any additive or PHY: 150 ppm of a phytogenic feed additive fed throughout the adaptation and finishing phases. Bulls were transitioned through four steps over 18 days to a high-grain finishing diet (as % DM, 64% rehydrated corn grain silage, 19% corn gluten feed, 13% sugar cane bagasse and 4% minerals, urea, and vitamins mix). The finishing phase lasted 68 days, with mid-point measurements dividing early and late finishing period. The PHY group DMI was greater during adaptation and late finishing periods (P < 0.05), with a tendency during early finishing period (P = 0.06). Number of daily meals was similar between treatments (P = 0.52), but an increased meal length was noted for PHY group (P < 0.05), which contributed to their greater DMI. Diet digestibility remained similar between groups during the finishing periods (P > 0.1). Ruminitis scores were low and liver abscess similar between treatments. Final SBW tended to be higher (P = 0.09) and hot carcass weight was greater for the PHY group (P < 0.05), with no differences on dressing percentage, ribeye area and marbling score. In conclusion, the PHY treatment had positive effects on intake and carcass weight, without increasing metabolic disorders.
Changes in milk performance and hepatic metabolism in mid-lactating dairy goats after being fed a high concentrate diet for 10 weeks; Feeding a high concentrate (HC) diet is a widely used strategy for supporting high milk yields, yet it may cause certain metabolic disorders. This study aimed to investigate the changes in milk production and hepatic metabolism in goats fed different proportions of concentrate in the diet for 10 weeks. In total, 12 mid-lactating goats were randomly assigned to an HC diet (65% concentrate of dry matter, n=6) or a low concentrate (LC) diet (35% concentrate of dry matter, n=6). Compared with LC, HC goats produced greater amounts of volatile fatty acids and produced more milk and milk lactose, fat and protein (P < 0.01). HC goats showed a greater concentration of ATP, NAD, plasma non-esterified fatty acids and hepatic triglycerides than LC goats (P < 0.05). Real-time PCR results showed that messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of gluconeogenic genes, namely, glucose-6-phosphatase, pyruvate carboxylase and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase were significantly up-regulated and accompanied greater gluconeogenic enzyme activities in the liver of HC goats. Moreover, the expression of hepatic lipogenic genes including sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1c, fatty acid synthase and diacylglycerol acyltransferase mRNA was also up-regulated by the HC diet (P < 0.05). HC goats had greater hepatic phosphorylation of AMP-activated protein kinase than LC (P < 0.05). Furthermore, histone-3-lysine-27-acetylation contributed to this elevation of gluconeogenic gene expression. These results indicate that lactating goats fed an HC diet for 10 weeks produced more milk, which was associated with up-regulated gene expression and enzyme activities involved in hepatic gluconeogenesis and lipogenesis.
<i>Short communication</i>: Use of single nucleotide polymorphism genotypes and health history to predict future phenotypes for milk production, dry matter intake, body weight, and residual feed intake in dairy cattle; As feed prices have increased, the efficiency of feed utilization in dairy cattle has attracted increasing attention. In this study, we used residual feed intake (RFI) as a measurement of feed efficiency along with its component traits, adjusted milk energy (aMilkE), adjusted dry matter intake (aDMI), and adjusted metabolic body weight (aMBW), where the adjustment was for environmental factors. These traits may also be affected by prior health problems. Therefore, the carryover effects of 3 health traits from the rearing period and 10 health traits from the lactating period (in the same lactation before phenotype measurements) on RFI, aMilkE, aDMI, and aMBW were evaluated. Cows with heavier birth weight and greater body weight at calving of this lactation had significant increases in aMilkE, aDMI, and aMBW. The only trait associated with RFI was the incidence of diarrhea early in the lactation. Mastitis and reproductive problems had negative carryover effects on aMilkE. The aMBW of cows with metabolic disorders early in the lactation was lower than that of unaffected cows. The incidence of respiratory disease during lactating period was associated with greater aMBW and higher aDMI. To examine the contribution of health traits to the accuracy of predicted phenotype, genomic predictions were computed with or without information regarding 13 health trait phenotypes using random forests (RF) and support vector machine algorithms. Adding health trait phenotypes increased prediction accuracies slightly, except for prediction of RFI using RF. In general, the accuracies were greater for support vector machine than RF, especially for RFI. The methods described herein can be used to predict future phenotypes for dairy replacement heifers, thereby facilitating culling decisions that can lead to decreased feed costs during the rearing period. For these decisions, prediction of the animal's own phenotype is of greater importance than prediction of the genetic superiority or inferiority that will transmit to its offspring.
Nutritional Aspects of Depression; Several nutrition, food and dietary compounds have been suggested to be involved in the onset and maintenance of depressive disorders and in the severity of depressive symptoms. Nutritional compounds might modulate depression associated biomarkers and parallel the development of depression, obesity and diabetes. In this context, recent studies revealed new mediators of both energy homeostasis and mood changes (i.e. IGF-1, NPY, BDNF, ghrelin, leptin, CCK, GLP-1, AGE, glucose metabolism and microbiota) acting in gut brain circuits. In this context several healthy foods such as olive oil, fish, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, poultry, dairy and unprocessed meat have been inversely associated with depression risk and even have been postulated to improve depressive symptoms. In contrast, unhealthy western dietary patterns including the consumption of sweetened beverage, refined food, fried food, processed meat, refined grain, and high fat diary, biscuits, snacking and pastries have been shown to be associated with an increased risk of depression in longitudinal studies. However, it is always difficult to conclude a real prospective causal relationship from these mostly retrospective studies as depressed individuals might also change their eating habits secondarily to their depression. Additionally specific selected nutritional compounds, e.g. calcium, chromium, folate, PUFAs, vitamin D, B12, zinc, magnesium and D-serine have been postulated to be used as ad-on strategies in antidepressant treatment. In this context, dietary and lifestyle interventions may be a desirable, effective, pragmatical and non-stigmatizing prevention and treatment strategy for depression. At last, several medications (pioglitazone, metformin, exenatide, atorvastatin, gram-negative antibiotics), which have traditionally been used to treat metabolic disorders showed a certain potential to treat depression in first randomized controlled clinical trials. (C) 2015 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
Rumen and plasma metabolomics profiling by UHPLC-QTOF/MS revealed metabolic alterations associated with a high-corn diet in beef steers; High-grain diets are strongly associated with metabolic disorders in beef steers. Metabolomics can be used to explore the relationship between diet and metabolic changes, but no study has reported rumen and plasma metabolomics profiling associated with increasing dietary corn proportions in the diet of beef steers. Therefore, 12 steers paired according to similar body weights and body condition scores were randomly allocated to one of two diets: a low-corn (28.76%) diet (LCD) with a 40:60 ratio of concentrate to roughage and a high-corn (48.76%) diet (HCD) with a 60: 40 ratio of concentrate to roughage. Metabolomics profiling by ultra-high-performance liquid tandem chromatography quadrupole time of flight mass spectrometry (UHPLC-QTOF/MS) showed that steers fed the HCD had increased rumen and plasma carbohydrate metabolites and amino acids, which contributed to the growth of the beef steers. However, the rumen acidity and ruminal and plasma lipopolysaccharide (LPS) concentrations significantly increased with the increase amounts of corn in the diet. In total, 717 rumen metabolites and 386 plasma metabolites were identified. By multivariate analysis, 144 rumen and 56 plasma metabolites were further identified that were significantly different between the two groups (P < 0.05 and variable influence on projection > 1). The differential metabolites in the rumen and plasma were associated with different metabolic pathways, and phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis and phenylalanine metabolism were common key metabolic pathways for the two biofluids. In conclusion, the high-corn diet improved the growth performance of beef steers but decreased the ruminal pH and increased the LPS and harmful metabolites in the rumen and blood, which has implications for the incidence of metabolic diseases. The identified differential metabolites in both the rumen and plasma and the related metabolic pathways may contribute to the exploration of potential biomarkers for high-corn diet-based metabolic diseases.
Comparative Pharmacokinetics of Meloxicam Between Healthy Post-partum vs. Mid-lactation Dairy Cattle; Lactating dairy cattle are at risk for various painful conditions throughout their life, such as lameness, parturition, mastitis, and metabolic disorders. These conditions necessitate adequate methods of analgesia to address welfare concerns through efficacious pain mitigation. As no method of analgesia has been approved for lactating dairy cattle, to date, research is necessary to determine effective pain management strategies for dairy cattle. In both the European Union and Canada, meloxicam has been approved for use in lactating dairy cattle as a methodology for pain control. The objective of this study was to characterize the pharmacokinetics of meloxicam administered orally and intravenously to lactating dairy cattle in the post-partum vs. mid-lactation period. In this parallel study design, 12 healthy, lactating Holsteins were enrolled within 24 h of freshening and randomly allocated to intravenous (0.2 mg/kg) or oral (1.0 mg/kg) meloxicam administration treatment groups. They were matched based on parity to 12, healthy cows that were considered mid-lactation [>150 days-in-milk (DIM)] to receive the same treatment. Based on meloxicam formulation, sampling times varied and plasma was collection via jugular venipuncture for 6 days. Plasma drug concentrations were evaluated using liquid chromatography coupled with mass spectroscopy and pharmacokinetic properties were evaluated using non-compartmental (i.e., statistical moments) analysis. Results indicated a decreased systemic clearance of meloxicam in post-partum relative to mid-lactation cows, which resulted in a longer half-life and increased total exposure independent of mode of administration. These results suggest a need for dose adjustments based on stage in lactation and further assessment of the impact of days-in-milk on milk withholding period.
The efficacy and safety of pimecrolimus 1% cream vs. sertaconazole 2% cream in the treatment of patients with facial seborrhoeic dermatitis: a randomized blinded trial; Background Facial seborrhoeic dermatitis (FSD) is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder characterized by remission and exacerbation episodes. In most cases, FSD requires long-term treatment. Aim To compare the efficacy and safety of pimecrolimus and sertaconazole in patients with FSD. Methods In total, 60 patients with FSD were enrolled in this double-blind, active-controlled, randomized trial, and instructed to topically apply either pimecrolimus 1% cream (30 patients) or sertaconazole 2% cream (30 patients) twice daily for 4 weeks. Assessment of disease severity was performed using the Scoring Index (SI) at baseline, on Days 14 and 28, and at 4 weeks after treatment cessation. The levels of satisfaction from treatment and any adverse effects (AEs) were also assessed in both groups. Results Although the severity of disease reduced upon treatment in both groups, application of pimecrolimus caused a significantly better improvement than sertaconazole on Days 14 and 28 (P < 0.01 and P < 0.001, respectively). The rate of relapse was significantly lower in the pimecrolimus compared with the sertaconazole group at 4 weeks after treatment cessation (P = 0.01). The highest level of satisfaction (46.7%) was observed on Day 28 in the pimecrolimus group. Both topical treatments had acceptable safety profiles; however, pimecrolimus 1% cream was significantly (P < 0.01) less irritating than sertaconazole 2% cream. Conclusion Pimecrolimus is associated with faster response and fewer AEs than sertaconazole in patients with FSD.
Metabolomics Reveals the Effects of High Dietary Energy Density on the Metabolism of Transition Angus Cows; Simple Summary The increase in the metabolic demand and the dramatically decreased feed intake of cows around parturition often cause a negative energy balance status in cows, which can cause metabolic disorders. Before parturition, dry matter intake of cows starts to decline, and this decline is practically unavoidable. Therefore, increasing the energy density of the diet is extremely important. We used untargeted metabolomics to reveal the effect of high dietary energy density on body metabolism and explore whether it can alleviate negative energy balance. Our research shows that feeding a high-energy diet could significantly improve antioxidant capacity, maintain phosphatidylcholine homeostasis and reduce the negative energy balance of cows by regulating lipid mobilization, muscle mobilization, and protein turnover. The diet energy level plays a vital role in the energy balance of transition cows. We investigated the effects of high dietary energy density on body metabolism. Twenty multiparous Angus cows were randomly assigned to two treatment groups (10 cows/treatment), one receiving a high-energy (HE) diet (NEm = 1.67 Mcal/kg of DM) and the other administered a control (CON) diet (NEm = 1.53 Mcal/kg of DM). The results indicated that feeding a high-energy diet resulted in higher plasma glucose concentration and lower concentrations of plasma NEFA and BHBA on d 14 relative to calving in the HE-fed cows compared to the CON-fed ones. The postpartum plasma levels of T-AOC were lower in cows that received the CON diet than in cows in the HE group, while the concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA) showed an opposite trend. Among the 51 significantly different metabolites, the concentrations of most identified fatty acids decreased in HE cows. The concentrations of inosine, glutamine, and citric acid were higher in HE-fed cows than in CON-fed cows. Enrichment analysis revealed that linoleic acid metabolism, valine, leucine as well as isoleucine biosynthesis, and glycerophospholipid metabolism were significantly enriched in the two groups.
Effect of the first and second postpartum partial milking on blood serum calcium concentration in dairy cows; Parturient paresis and subclinical hypocalcemia are frequent metabolic disorders in dairy cows postpartum. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of postpartum partial milking in the first two milkings on blood serum calcium concentration in dairy cows. Twenty multiparous Holstein dairy cows were randomized into two groups. Cows of group 1 (n = 10) were partially milked at the first and second milking postpartum. Cows of group 2 (n = 10) were completely milked. Blood samples were collected from all animals 5-7 days before calving, within 30 min after calving, and 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and 32 h after calving for determination of serum calcium (Ca), phosphorus (P), and magnesium (Mg) concentrations. Colostrum production was registered and sampled in the first and second milking. Concentration of Ca in colostrum was determined by atomic absorption spectrophotometry. Serum Ca and P concentrations decreased in both groups after parturition (P < 0.05) and remained low during 32 h postpartum with no difference observed between groups (P > 0.05). Serum concentrations of Mg were stable in all samples and no statistical difference was observed between groups (P > 0.05). Colostrum production was higher in completely milked cows only in the first postpartum milking (P < 0.05), but there was no difference between groups at the second milking. Total Ca secretion in colostrum was higher in the complete milking group at the first and second postpartum milking. Colostrum Ca secretion increased at the second milking with respect to the first one in both groups (P < 0.05). There was no correlation between serum Ca and colostrum Ca (P > 0.05). In this study, the partial milking of colostrum in the first and second milking postpartum did not prevent subclinical hypocalcemia in dairy cows.
The association of food quality score and cardiovascular diseases risk factors among women: A cross-sectional study; Introduction: Limited studies are available regarding the relationship between Food Quality Score (FQS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Thus, this study was aimed to investigate the association of FQS with CVD risk factors in women. Methods: This cross-sectional study was carried out among 368 women aged 20-50 years who randomly selected from health centers across Tehran, Iran. Dietary intake was collected using a reliable and validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). The FQS includes vegetables, fruits, whole grains, yogurt, nuts and legumes, coffee, refined grains, desserts and ice cream, sugar-sweetened beverages, red meats, fried food consumed outside the home, processed meats, potato and potato chips. Standard methods were used to assess blood pressure, biochemical and anthropometric measures. Multivariate logistic regression was used to examine the association between FQS and CVD risk factors. Results: Participant mean age and body mass index (BMI) were 30.7 +/- 6.9 years and 24.3 +/- 4.0 kg/m(2), respectively. After taking potential confounders into account, FQS had no significant association with risk of overweight and obesity [ Odds ratio (OR): 1.1, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.68, 1.8; P = 0.683], diabetes (OR: 0.62, 95% CI: 0.22, 1.74; P = 0.374), metabolic syndrome (OR: 0.36, 95% CI: 0.10, 1.32; P = 0.127), hypercholesterolemia (OR: 0.54, 95% CI: 0.29, 1.01; P=0.051), or hypertriglyceridemia (OR: 1.63, 95% CI: 0.71, 3.70; P = 0.244). Conclusion: The results showed that FQS was not significantly associated with CVD risk factors among women. Prospective cohort studies are warranted to confirm our findings.
Association Between Coffee Intake and Incident Heart Failure Risk A Machine Learning Analysis of the FHS, the ARIC Study, and the CHS; Background: Coronary heart disease, heart failure (HF), and stroke are complex diseases with multiple phenotypes. While many risk factors for these diseases are well known, investigation of as-yet unidentified risk factors may improve risk assessment and patient adherence to prevention guidelines. We investigated the diet domain in FHS (Framingham Heart Study), CHS (Cardiovascular Heart Study), and the ARIC study (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) to identify potential lifestyle and behavioral factors associated with coronary heart disease, HF, and stroke. Methods: We used machine learning feature selection based on random forest analysis to identify potential risk factors associated with coronary heart disease, stroke, and HF in FHS. We evaluated the significance of selected variables using univariable and multivariable Cox proportional hazards analysis adjusted for known cardiovascular risks. Findings from FHS were then validated using CHS and ARIC. Results: We identified multiple dietary and behavioral risk factors for cardiovascular disease outcomes including marital status, red meat consumption, whole milk consumption, and coffee consumption. Among these dietary variables, increasing coffee consumption was associated with decreasing long-term risk of HF congruently in FHS, ARIC, and CHS. Conclusions: Higher coffee intake was found to be associated with reduced risk of HF in all three studies. Further study is warranted to better define the role, possible causality, and potential mechanism of coffee consumption as a potential modifiable risk factor for HF.
Inclusion of walnut in the diets of adults at risk for type 2 diabetes and their dietary pattern changes: a randomized, controlled, cross-over trial; Background: In our recently published study, including walnuts in the diets of adults with prediabetes led to overall improvement in diet quality. This report adds to those study findings by examining the food groups displaced during walnut inclusion in the diets of those adults with prediabetes. Methods: Randomized, controlled, modified Latin square parallel design with 2 treatment arms. The 112 participants (31 men, 81 women) were randomly assigned to a diet with or without dietary counseling to regulate calorie intake in a 1: 1 ratio. Within each treatment arm, participants were further randomized to 1 of 2 sequence permutations to receive a walnut-included diet with 56 g (366 kcal) of walnuts per day and a walnut-excluded diet. Participants in the calorie-regulated arm received advice from a dietitian to preserve an isocaloric condition while including walnuts. We analyzed the 12 components of the 2010 Healthy Eating Index to examine dietary pattern changes of study participants. Results: Seafood and plant protein foods intake significantly increased with walnut inclusion, compared with their exclusion (2.14 +/- 2.06 vs -0.49 +/- 2.33; p=0.003). The ingestion of healthful fatty acids also significantly increased with walnut inclusion, compared with their exclusion (1.43 +/- 4.53 vs -1.76 +/- 4.80; p=0.02). Dairy ingestion increased with walnut inclusion in the calorie-regulated phase, compared with walnut inclusion without calorie regulation (1.06 +/- 4.42 vs -2.15 +/- 3.64; p=0.02). Conclusions: Our data suggest that walnut inclusion in the diets of adults at risk for diabetes led to an increase in intake of other healthful foods.
Critical thresholds of liver function parameters for ketosis prediction in dairy cows using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis; Background: Fatty liver syndrome and ketosis are important metabolic disorders in high-producing cows during early lactation with fatty liver usually preceding ketosis. To date, parameters for early prediction of the risk of ketosis have not been investigated in China.Objective: To determine the predictive value of some parameters on the risk of ketosis in China.Animals and methods: In a descriptive study, 48 control and 32 ketotic Holstein Friesian cows were randomly selected from one farm with a serum -hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) concentration of 1.20 mmol/L as cutoff point. The risk prediction thresholds for ketosis were determined by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis.Results: In line with a high BHBA concentration, blood glucose concentration was significantly lower in ketotic cows compared to control animals (2.77 0.24 versus 3.34 0.03 mmol/L; P = 0.02). Thresholds were more than 0.76 mmol/L for nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA, with 65% sensitivity and 92% specificity), more than 104 U/L for aspartate aminotransferase (AST, 74% and 85%, respectively), less than 140 U/L for cholinesterase (CHE, 75% and 59%, respectively), and more than 3.3 mu mol/L for total bilirubin (TBIL, 58% and 83%, respectively). There were significant correlations between BHBA and glucose (R = -4.74), or CHE (R = -0.262), BHBA and NEFA (R = 0.520), or AST (R = 0.525), or TBIL (R = 0.278), or direct bilirubin (DBIL, R = 0.348).Conclusions: AST, CHE, TBIL and NEFA may be useful parameters for risk prediction of ketosis.Clinical importance: This study might be of value in addressing novel directions for future research on the connection between ketosis and liver dysfunction.
Comparative efficacy of topical coconut cream and clobetasol propionate ointment for the management of oral lichen planus: A double-blinded randomized control trial; CONTEXT: Oral lichen planus (OLP) is a quite common chronic inflammatory mucocutaneous disorder affecting the oral cavity and skin. The current treatment relies on systemic or topical corticosteroids but is known to cause side effects thereby demanding a search for an alternative. AIM: This study aims to assess and to compare the efficacy of topical Coconut (Cocos nucifera) 50% cream and Clobetasol propionate 0.05% ointment for the management of OLP. SETTINGS AND DESIGN: An institution-based double-blinded randomized control trial. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Sixty clinically diagnosed OLP patients were allotted to two groups (30 in each): Group I (Coconut cream-50%) and Group II (Clobetasol Propionate ointment-0.05%). Patients were examined every 15 days until two months for a change in the lesion size and reduction in the burning sensation. The measurement of lesion size and burning sensation was done using Adobe Photoshop software (version CS3) and Numeric Pain Rating scale (NPS), respectively. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS USED: The recordings were subjected to the statistical analysis using Wilcoxon matched-pairs and Mann-Whitney U tests for intra-group and inter-group comparisons, respectively. RESULTS: There was an 85% regression in the size of the lesion in Group I whereas Group II had it to be 95%, and a 100% reduction in the NPS score in Group I whereas Group II had it to be 95%. CONCLUSION: The Coconut cream showed a significant decrease in the size of the lesion and the burning sensation with no side effects neither any signs of toxicity reported during the treatment or follow-up, thereby proving to be a safe and promising medication for OLP.
Saturated Fats from Butter but Not from Cheese Increase HDL-Mediated Cholesterol Efflux Capacity from J774 Macrophages in Men and Women with Abdominal Obesity; Background: Recent evidence suggests that the association between dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and coronary artery disease risk varies according to food sources. How SFAs from butter and cheese influence HDL-mediated cholesterol efflux capacity (CEC), a key process in reverse cholesterol transport, is currently unknown. Objective: In a predefined secondary analysis of a previously published trial, we have examined how diets rich in SFAs from either cheese or butter influence HDL-mediated CEC, compared with diets rich in either monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) or polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Methods: In a randomized crossover controlled consumption trial, 46 men and women with abdominal obesity consumed 5 isocaloric diets, each for 4 wk. Two diets were rich in SFAs either from cheese (CHEESE) or butter (BUTTER) [12.4-12.6% of energy (% E) as SFAs, 32% E as fat, 52% E as carbohydrates]. In 2 other diets, SFAs (5.8% E) were replaced with either MUFAs from refined olive oil (MUFA) or PUFAs from corn oil (PUFA). Finally, a lower fat and carbohydrate diet was used as a control (5.8% E as SFAs, 25.0% E as fat, 59% E as carbohydrates; CHO). Post-diet HDL-mediated CEC was determined ex vivo using radiolabelled J774 macrophages incubated with apolipoprotein B-depleted serum from the participants. Results: Mean (+/- SD) age was 41.4 +/- 14.2 y, and waist circumference was 107.6 +/- 11.5 cm in men and 94.3 +/- 12.4 cm in women. BUTTER and MUFA increased HDL-mediated CEC compared with CHEESE (+4.3%, P = 0.026 and +4.7%, P = 0.031, respectively). Exploring the significant diet x sex interaction (P = 0.044) revealed that the increase in HDL-mediated CEC after BUTTER compared with CHEESE was significant among men (+6.0%, P = 0.047) but not women (+2.9%, P = 0.19), whereas the increase after MUFA compared with CHEESE was significant among women (+9.1%, P = 0.008) but not men (-0.6%, P = 0.99). Conclusion: These results provide evidence of a food matrix effectmodulating the impact of dairy SFAs on HDL-mediated CEC with potential sex-related differences that deserve further investigation. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02106208.
TNFα Altered Inflammatory Responses, Impaired Health and Productivity, but Did Not Affect Glucose or Lipid Metabolism in Early-Lactation Dairy Cows; Inflammation may be a major contributing factor to peripartum metabolic disorders in dairy cattle. We tested whether administering an inflammatory cytokine, recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha (rbTNF alpha), affects milk production, metabolism, and health during this period. Thirty-three Holstein cows (9 primiparous and 24 multiparous) were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments at parturition. Treatments were 0 (Control), 1.5, or 3.0 g/kg body weight rbTNF alpha, which were administered once daily by subcutaneous injection for the first 7 days of lactation. Statistical contrasts were used to evaluate the treatment and dose effects of rbTNF alpha administration. Plasma TNF alpha concentrations at 16 h post-administration tended to be increased (P < 0.10) by rbTNF alpha administration, but no dose effect (P > 0.10) was detected; rbTNFa treatments increased (P < 0.01) concentrations of plasma haptoglobin. Most plasma eicosanoids were not affected (P > 0.10) by rbTNF alpha administration, but 6 out of 16 measured eicosanoids changed (P < 0.05) over the first week of lactation, reflecting elevated inflammatory mediators in the days immediately following parturition. Dry matter and water intake, milk yield, and milk fat and protein yields were all decreased (P < 0.05) by rbTNFa treatments by 15 to 18%. Concentrations of plasma glucose, insulin, beta-hydroxybutyrate, non-esterified fatty acids, triglyceride, 3-methylhistidine,and liver triglyceride were unaffected (P < 0.10) by rbTNFa treatment. Glucose turnover rate was unaffected (P = 0.18) by rbTNFa administration. The higher dose of rbTNFa tended to increase the risk of cows developing one or more health disorders (P = 0.08). Taken together, these results indicate that administration of rbTNFa daily for the first 7 days of lactation altered inflammatory responses, impaired milk production and health, but did not significantly affect liver triglyceride accumulation or nutrient metabolism in dairy cows.
Consumption of <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> subsp <i>lactis</i> BB-12 in yogurt reduced expression of TLR-2 on peripheral blood-derived monocytes and pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion in young adults; Probiotic bacteria modulate immune parameters and inflammatory outcomes. Emerging evidence demonstrates that the matrix used to deliver probiotics may influence the efficacy of probiotic interventions in vivo. The aims of the current study were to evaluate (1) the effect of one species, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB-12 at a dose of log10 +/- 0.5 CFUs/day on immune responses in a randomized, partially blinded, 4-period crossover, free-living study, and (2) whether the immune response to BB-12 differed depending on the delivery matrix. Healthy adults (n = 30) aged 18-40 years were recruited and received four treatments in a random order: (A) yogurt smoothie alone; smoothie with BB-12 added (B) before or (C) after yogurt fermentation, or (D) BB-12 given in capsule form. At baseline and after each 4-week treatment, peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were isolated, and functional and phenotypic marker expression was assessed. BB-12 interacted with peripheral myeloid cells via Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR-2). The percentage of CD14(+)HLA-DR+ cells in peripheral blood was increased in male participants by all yogurt-containing treatments compared to baseline (p = 0.0356). Participants who consumed yogurt smoothie with BB-12 added post-fermentation had significantly lower expression of TLR-2 on CD14(+)HLA-DR+ cells (p = 0.0186) and reduction in TNF-alpha secretion from BB-12- (p = 0.0490) or LPS-stimulated (p = 0.0387) PBMCs compared to baseline. These findings not only demonstrate a potential anti-inflammatory effect of BB-12 in healthy adults, but also indicate that the delivery matrix influences the immunomodulatory properties of BB-12.
Response of rumen microbiota, and metabolic profiles of rumen fluid, liver and serum of goats to high-grain diets; Feeding ruminants a high-grain (HG) diet is a widely used strategy to improve milk yield and cost efficiency. However, it may cause certain metabolic disorders. At present, information about the effects of HG diets on the systemic metabolic profile of goats and the correlation of such diets with rumen bacteria is limited. In the present study, goats were randomly divided into two groups: one was fed the hay diet (hay; n = 5), while the other was fed HG diets (HG; n = 5). On day 50, samples of rumen contents, peripheral blood serum and liver tissues were collected to determine the metabolic profiles in the rumen fluid, liver and serum and the microbial composition in rumen. The results revealed that HG diets reduced (P < 0.05) the community richness and diversity of rumen microbiota, with an increase in the Chao 1 and Shannon index and a decrease in the Simpson index. HG diets also altered the composition of rumen microbiota, with 30 genera affected (P < 0.05). Data on the metabolome showed that the metabolites in the rumen fluid, liver and serum were affected (variable importance projection > 1, P <0.05) by dietary treatment, with 47, 10 and 27 metabolites identified as differentially metabolites. Pathway analysis showed that the common metabolites in the shared key pathway (aminoacyl-transfer RNA biosynthesis) in the rumen fluid, liver and serum were glycine, lysine and valine. These findings suggested that HG diets changed the composition of the rumen microbiota and metabolites in the rumen fluid, liver and serum, mainly involved in amino acid metabolism. Our findings provide new insights into the understanding of diet-related systemic metabolism and the effects of HG diets on the overall health of goats.
Metagenome sequencing to analyze the impacts of thiamine supplementation on ruminal fungi in dairy cows fed high-concentrate diets; Ruminal thiamine deficiencies occur when dairy cows are overfed with high-concentrate diet, and thiamine supplementation has been proved to attenuate high-concentrate diet induced SARA. However, there is limited knowledge of the relationship between thiamine supplementation in high-concentrate diets and ruminal fungi. In order to investigate the impacts of thiamine supplementation on ruminal fungi, twelve Chinese Holstein dairy cows were randomly assigned into three treatments: control diet (CON; 20% starch, dry matter basis), high-concentrate diet (HC; 33.2% starch, dry matter basis) and high-concentrate diet supplemented with 180 mg thiamine/kg dry matter intake. Dry matter intake and milk production were recorded during the experimental periods. On day 21, rumen fluid samples were collected at 3 h postfeeding and ruminal pH, thiamine concentration and volatile fatty acids were measured. Metagenome sequencing method was conducted to detect ruminal fungi composition. Feeding HC significantly decreased dry matter intake, milk production, ruminal pH, ruminal acetate and thiamine concentration, however, significantly increased propionate and isovalerate (P < 0.05). These changes were inversed by thiamine supplementation (P < 0.05). Totally, seven phyla and almost 1050 species of rumen fungi were identified across all samples in which especially, 3 genera and 10 species of strictly anaerobic fungi phylum Neocallimastigomycota was found. Principal coordinate analysis indicated that feeding HC and thiamine supplementation caused a significant inverse in ruminal fungi composition. Feeding HC significantly decreased the abundance of fungi compared with CON (P < 0.05) while thiamine supplementation significantly increased the abundance of ruminal fungi (P < 0.05). These results indicated that thiamine supplementation may effectively attenuate rumen metabolic disorder caused by HC diet through buffering the ruminal pH, shifting the rumen fermentation pattern and increasing the abundance of ruminal fungi. The findings in this study could therefore contribute to the further understanding of the mechanism of thiamine's function in dairy cows.
The Effect of Synbiotic Consumption on Serum NTproBNP, hsCRP and Blood Pressure in Patients With Chronic Heart Failure: A Randomized, Triple-Blind, Controlled Trial; Background: In recent years, there has been a positive attitude toward gut microbiota and its effect on cardiovascular diseases, including heart failure. Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of synbiotics on left ventricular hypertrophy by measuring NT-proBNP, and their effect on blood pressure and hsCRP as an inflammatory biomarker in patients with chronic heart failure. Design: In this triple-blind randomized clinical trial, 90 eligible patients were included in the study. They were randomly assigned to receive one capsule (500 mg) of synbiotics or placebo per day for 10 weeks. NTproBNP, hsCRP and blood pressure were measured at the beginning and end of the study. Statistical analysis was performed on 80 patients by using SPSS 24, and p < 0.05 as statistically significant. Result: At the end of the study, the level of NT-proBNP decreased significantly in the synbiotic group compared to the placebo group (r = -256.55; P = 0.04). However, hsCRP increased in both groups as compared to the beginning of the study, but only in the placebo group the increase in hsCRP was significant (P = 0.01). The results showed that the changes in hs-CRP was not significant between the two groups. No statistically significant differences were observed in systolic and diastolic blood pressure between the two groups at the end of the intervention. Conclusion: Synbiotics have favorable effect on cardiac hypertrophy index (NT-proBNP). Although the inflammatory factor increased in both groups, the significant increase in hsCRP in the placebo group could indicate the beneficial effects of synbiotics on the inflammatory status of these patients.
An insight into the health-promoting effects of taxifolin (dihydroquercetin); Taxifolin (3,5,7,3,4-pentahydroxy flavanone or dihydroquercetin) is a flavonoid commonly found in onion, milk thistle, French maritime pine bark and Douglas fir bark. It is also used in various commercial preparations like Legalon (TM), Pycnogenol (R), and Venoruton (R). This review focuses on taxifolin's biological activities and related molecular mechanisms. Published literatures were gathered from the scientific databases like PubMed, SciFinder, ScienceDirect, Wiley Online Library, Google Scholar, and Web of Science up to January 2019. Taxifolin showed promising pharmacological activities in the management of inflammation, tumors, microbial infections, oxidative stress, cardiovascular, and liver disorders. The anti-cancer activity was more prominent than other activities evaluated using different in vitro and in vivo models. Further research on the pharmacokinetics, in-depth molecular mechanisms, and safety profile using well-designed randomized clinical studies are suggested to develop a drug for human use.
The Mediterranean Diet and Cardiovascular Health A Critical Review; The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), abundant in minimally processed plant-based foods, rich in monounsaturated fat from olive oil, but lower in saturated fat, meats, and dairy products, seems an ideal nutritional model for cardiovascular health. Methodological aspects of Mediterranean intervention trials, limitations in the quality of some meta-analyses, and other issues may have raised recent controversies. It remains unclear whether such limitations are important enough as to attenuate the postulated cardiovascular benefits of the MedDiet. We aimed to critically review current evidence on the role of the MedDiet in cardiovascular health. We systematically searched observational prospective cohorts and randomized controlled trials which explicitly reported to assess the effect of the MedDiet on hard cardiovascular end points. We critically assessed all the original cohorts and randomized controlled trials included in the 5 most comprehensive meta-analyses published between 2014 and 2018 and additional prospective studies not included in these meta-analyses, totaling 45 reports of prospective studies (including 4 randomized controlled trials and 32 independent observational cohorts). We addressed the existing controversies on methodology and other issues. Some departures from individual randomization in a subsample of the landmark Spanish trial (PREDIMED [Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea]) did not represent any clinically meaningful attenuation in the strength of its findings and the results of PREDIMED were robust in a wide range of sensitivity analyses. The criteria for causality were met and potential sources of controversies did not represent any reason to compromise the main findings of the available observational studies and randomized controlled trials. The available evidence is large, strong, and consistent. Better conformity with the traditional MedDiet is associated with better cardiovascular health outcomes, including clinically meaningful reductions in rates of coronary heart disease, ischemic stroke, and total cardiovascular disease.
Relative Validity of a Food Frequency Questionnaire Used to Assess Food Intake During a Dietary Intervention Study; To develop a cost-effective alternative for evaluating dietary intake in large-scale intervention trials of cancer and cardiovascular disease outcomes, we designed and validated a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). We collected 6 to 8 of the 24-hr dietary recalls from 87 adults (ages 30-72 yr) who were randomly assigned to a walnut-supplemented diet or a control diet in a 6-mo dietary intervention trial. Relative validity of a 171-item FFQ in assessing intake of selected foods and the prescribed intervention (intake >= 25 g/day or intake <2 g of walnuts) was determined using 24-h dietary recalls as the reference. De-attenuated correlations between FFQ and dietary recalls were .82 for walnuts, .80 for fruits, .79 for grains, .77 for vegetables, .63 for water, .44 for sweets, and .36 for dairy/eggs. High within-person variation did not allow de-attenuation for the remaining foods, but uncorrected correlations were high (>.7) for the beverage variables. The FFQ correctly classified 86 out of 87 subjects in the 2 prescribed intervention groups. The FFQ can provide an accurate measure of a food-based intervention (i.e., walnut supplementation) in a trial setting and can also accurately estimate a number of other food groups consumed during the trial.
Dynamic changes in Holstein heifer circulatory stress biomarkers in response to lipopolysaccharide immune challenge; Dairy cattle routinely face a variety of stressors. For example, climate change has resulted in more frequent heat stress events that increase the incidence of bacterial infections by inducing conditions like leaky gut syndrome, whereby the integrity of the intestinal epithelium is compromised allowing for luminal bacteria and their membrane components to infiltrate the host's bloodstream resulting in systemic inflammation. Lipopolysaccharide (LPS) is a well-characterized and biologically relevant microbe-associated molecular pattern (MAMP) that makes up the outer membrane of pathogenic and commensal Gram-negative bacteria and is known to contribute to inflammatory disorders including mastitis, acidosis and septicemia. In the present study, Holstein heifers (n = 20) were randomly allocated into different treatment groups receiving saline, 100, 200 or 400 ng/kg of LPS intramuscularly to create an experimentally induced endotoxemic state. Serum was collected hourly for 8 hr and then again at 24 hr to profile changes in circulatory stress biomarkers. All LPS-challenged animals demonstrated distinct cortisol responses 2 hr post-LPS challenge, and in the 200 ng/kg and 400 ng/kg of LPS treatments cortisol concentrations remained significantly induced for up to 4 hr. Rectal temperature was significantly increased for heifers challenged with 100 and 200 ng/kg of LPS at 2 and 4 hr as compared to their pre-challenge temperature. All LPS-challenged animals demonstrated marked leukopenia and thrombocytopenia as compared to the saline control animals. A total of 8 cytokines, including TNF alpha, and IL-10, were found to be induced between 2 and 4 hr. Finally, we report that miR-1246, miR-223, miR-29 and miR-31 were significantly induced in animals challenged with LPS as compared to the saline controls. The present study demonstrated that the stress response in dairy heifers is dynamic and there are peak windows of time when cortisol, cytokines and also miRNA are induced, and blood cells are sequestered as part of the systemic inflammatory response. Variability in the response to LPS warrants further investigation in dairy cattle to better understand the contribution of genetics and associations between LPS-induced stress and health and performance.
The role of a dairy fraction rich in milk fat globule membrane in the suppression of postprandial inflammatory markers and bone turnover in obese and overweight adults: an exploratory study; Background: Inflammation is associated with increased bone resorption; the role of inflammation in postprandial bone turnover has not been explored. Consumption of milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) reduces inflammation in animal models. This study aimed to measure postprandial changes in bone turnover after intake of high saturated fat test meals, with-and without the anti-inflammatory ingredient MFGM. Methods: Subjects (n = 36 adults) were obese (BMI 30-39.9 kg/m(2)) or overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m(2)) with two traits of Metabolic Syndrome. Subjects consumed a different test meal on four occasions at random; blood draws were taken at baseline and 1, 3, and 6 h postprandial. Test meals included whipping cream (WC), WC + MFGM, palm oil (PO) and PO + MFGM. Biomarkers of bone turnover and inflammation were analyzed from all four time points. Results: Test meal (treatment) by time interactions were significant for bone resorption marker C-telopeptide of type 1 collagen (CTX) (p < 0.0001) and inflammatory marker interleukin 10 (IL-10) (p = 0.012). Significant differences in overall postprandial response among test meals were found for CTX and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM), with the greatest overall postprandial suppression of CTX occurring in meals containing MFGM. However, test meal by MFGM interactions were non-significant for bone and inflammatory markers. Correlations between CTX and inflammatory markers were non-significant. Conclusion: This exploratory analysis advances the study of postprandial suppression of bone turnover by demonstrating differing effects of high SFA meals that contained MFGM; however MFGM alone did not directly moderate the difference in postprandial CTX response among test meals in this analysis. These observations may be useful for identifying foods and ingredients which maximize the suppression of bone resorption, and for generating hypotheses to test in future studies examining the role of inflammation in postprandial bone turnover.
Association between dietary pattern and risk of cardiovascular disease among adults in the Middle East and North Africa region: a systematic review; Objective: This paper reviews the evidence related to the association of dietary pattern with coronary heart disease (CHD), strokes, and the associated risk factors among adults in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region. Methods: A systematic review of published articles between January 1990 and March 2015 was conducted using Pro-Quest Public Health, MEDLINE, and Google Scholar. The term 'dietary pattern' refers to data derived from dietary pattern analyses and individual food component analyses. Results: The search identified 15 studies. The available data in the MENA region showed that Western dietary pattern has been predominant among adults with fewer adherences to the traditional diet, such as the Mediterranean diet. The Western dietary pattern was found to be associated with an increased risk of dyslipidaemia, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), body mass index (BMI), and hypertension. The Mediterranean diet, labelled in two studies as 'the traditional Lebanese diet', was negatively associated with BMI, waist circumference (WC), and the risk of diabetes, while one study found no association between the Mediterranean diet and MetS. Two randomised controlled trials conducted in Iran demonstrated the effect of the dietary approach to stop hypertension (DASH) in reducing metabolic risk among patients with diabetes and MetS. Likewise, the consumption of dairy products was associated with decreased blood pressure and WC, while the intake of whole grains was associated with reduced WC. In addition, the high consumption of black tea was found to be associated with decreased serum lipids. The intake of fish, vegetable oils, and tea had a protective effect on CHD, whereas the intake of full-fat yoghurt and hydrogenated fats was associated with an increased risk of CHD. Conclusion: There appears to be a significant association of Western dietary pattern with the increased risk of CHD, strokes, and associated risk factors among adults in the MENA region. Conversely, increased adherence to Mediterranean and/or DASH dietary patterns or their individual food components is associated with a decreased risk of CHD and the associated risk factors. Therefore, increasing awareness of the high burden of CHD and the associated risk factors is crucial, as well as the need for nutrition education programs to improve the knowledge among the MENA population regarding healthy diets and diet-related diseases.
Prevalence of ketosis in dairy cows in milk shed areas of Odisha state, India; Aim: The present study was conducted to ascertain the prevalence of ketosis in dairy cows in dairy herds, milksheds, and mixed population of milk cows selected randomly in milkshed areas of Odisha state, India. Materials and Methods: The investigation was conducted in 280 private dairy herds with variable herd size of 10-15 cows comprising crossbred Jersey cows (CBJ), crossbred Holstein Friesian (CHF) cows, and indigenous local breeds. The analysis of urine (Rothera's test), milk (Ross test), and blood samples of 2760 test cows were conducted through qualitative assessment by Rothera's test and Ross test, respectively, for the presence of ketone bodies to screen the ketotic animals. Cut-points have been decided based on beta-hydroxybutyric acid level (>= 1.2-1.4 mmol/L) in milk. Results: We noted positive cases of ketosis with a prevalence rate of 36.7% (1014/2760) entailing 27.2% in clinical ketosis and 9.6% in subclinical ketosis. The breed wise incident rate was recorded to be the highest (38.0%) in CBJs. The age-wise prevalence rate was found to be the highest (40.8%) in the age group of 5.5-6.5 years. The season wise prevalence rate in 5th calver was recorded to be the highest (38.6%) in summer season as compared to other seasons. The prevalence of ketosis was observed to be the highest at 56.7% on the first stage of lactation at the 1st month after 2 weeks. The incidence rates for clinical and subclinical ketosis were found to be 25.2%; 12.2%, 26.6%; 11.2% and 30.3%; 2.9% in CBJ, CHF and indigenous cows, respectively. The breed wise overall prevalence rate was recorded to be 38.0% in CBJ, 37.8% in CHF, and 33.2% in indigenous cows. Conclusion: Ketosis and subclinical ketosis is highly prevalent metabolic disorder and has severe effect on the production status of affected animal and needs to be prevented, rather than treated, by maintaining cows in good and healthy conditions. We have attempted to give great attention for diagnosis, management, and control of this disease during risk stage to prevent economic loss sustained by the dairy farmers of Eastern India.
A non-dairy probiotic's (poi) influence on changing the gastrointestinal tract's microflora environment; Justification Yogurt has been historically used to restore gut microflora adversely affected by antibiotic treatment. Certain fermented dairy products are probiotics; "live microorganisms which when administered in adequate amounts confer a health benefit to the host." Microorganisms in foods may benefit certain health conditions such as diarrhea, gastroenteritis, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease, and cancer. A potential new probiotic from a Polynesian traditional food is poi; a starchy paste made from the corm of taro plants. Objective The purpose of this study was to determine if consumption of poi, a potential non-dairy probiotic, altered the microflora, in the gastrointestinal tract of healthy adults. Methods A cross-over clinical study included 18 subjects (19-64 years of age) divided into a poi group (n=10) and control group (n=8). The study duration of 14 weeks consisted of a 2-week washout, 4-week treatment or control, a subsequent 2-week washout, cross-over of 4-week treatment or control, and a final 2-week washout. Subjects thus served as their own controls. While receiving the poi treatment, participants consumed fresh poi (1-2 days old) three times a day (130 g/meal or approximately 1/2 cup/meal); the control group did not. Both groups filled out 3-day dietary records to ensure compliance. Measurable outcomes included pre- and post-treatment microbiological fecal culture analyses. Results We found no significant differences in total bacterial counts following a poi diet versus following a control diet, nor were significant differences found in counts of specific bacterial species. Lactococcus tends to be higher in poi when it is analyzed for specific bacteria, but the poi consumption in our study did not alter the mean concentration of individual bacterial species (log(10) CFU/g wet feces) for Escherichia coli, Enterobacter, Klebsiella, Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, and Bifidobacterium. No significant differences in stool frequency or consistency were observed between the treatment and control group periods. Conclusion Poi consumption did not significantly alter total or individual bacterial counts in the human gastrointestinal tract. Further research might determine if "sour poi" (3-4 days old) has a greater affect than "fresh poi" (1-2 days old) as a potential probiotic, and a larger trial with longer diet durations may detect more subtle effects of poi consumption on bacterial counts.
Dietary pattern in pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Aim: Among the most common metabolic disorders during pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This research was conducted to examine the dietary pattern in women with GDM. Material and methods: In this case-study, 204 pregnant women (104 cases and 100 control women) were chosen through convenient sampling and random sampling. The subjects' food intakes were assessed using semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, while their activities evaluated by physical activity questionnaire. Anthropometric indices were measured based on standard instructions, and the body mass index was calculated. The dietary patterns were determined using principal component analysis and its relationship with preeclampsia was tested using logistic regression method. Results: Unhealthy and healthy dietary patterns were found among the pregnant women. In the unhealthy group, after modifying the effect of confounding variables, a significant relationship was observed between dietary pattern and having gestational diabetes (OR = 2.838,95% CI: 1.039-7.751). In the healthy group, on the other hand, the people in the fourth quartile had 149% and 184% higher chance not to catch gestational diabetes before and after modification with confounders, respectively (OR = 0.284,95% CI: 0.096-0.838), when compared with people in the first quartile. Conclusion: The findings indicated that selection of foods including fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairies, etc. as healthy dietary pattern is associated with diminished risk of GDM among pregnant women. Determining healthy dietary pattern during pregnancy, considering the foods consumed among pregnant women, as a useful and practical guide during this period can be publicized for training and nutritional interventions. (C) 2018 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Modulation of gut microbiota through nutritional interventions in Behcet's syndrome patients (the MAMBA study): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background Behcet's syndrome (BS) is a systemic inflammatory disorder of unknown etiology, and it is characterized by a wide range of potential clinical manifestations. Recent evidence suggests that the gut microbiota (GM) in BS has low biodiversity with a significant depletion in butyrate producers. The aim of the present project is to investigate whether a dietary intervention could ameliorate the clinical manifestations and modulate the GM of individuals with BS. Methods This is a randomized, open, cross-over study that involves 90 individuals with BS, who will be randomly assigned to one of three different diets for 3 months: a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet (VD), a Mediterranean diet (MD), or a Mediterranean diet supplemented with butyrate (MD-Bt). The VD will contain inulin-resistant and resistant-starch-rich foods, eggs, and dairy in addition to plant-based food, but it will not contain meat, poultry, or fish. The MD will contain all food categories and will provide two portions per week of fish and three portions per week of fresh and processed meat. The MD-Bt will be similar to the MD but supplemented with 1.8 g/day of oral butyrate. The three different diets will be isocaloric and related to the participants' nutritional requirements. Anthropometric measurements, body composition, blood, and fecal samples will be obtained from each participant at the beginning and the end of each intervention phase. The primary outcomes will be represented by the change from baseline of the BS gastrointestinal and systemic symptoms. Changes from baseline in GM composition, short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) production, and the inflammatory and antioxidant profile will be considered as secondary outcomes. Discussion BS is a rare disease, and, actually, not all the available treatments are target therapies. A supportive treatment based on dietary and lifestyle issues, able to restore immune system homeostasis, could have a high impact on cost sustainability for the treatment of such a chronic and disabling inflammatory condition.
Paeoniflorin strongly reduces the skin inflammation in psoriasis mice by inhibition of VEGF; Psoriasis, an immune-mediated inflammatory skin disease, is associated with increased dermal vascularization. Vascular remodeling is a hallmark of many chronic inflammatory disorders and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is key regulator in pathogenesis of psoriasis. Paeoniflorin (PF) is a monoterpene glucoside that widely used in Traditional Chinese Medicine. In this study, we attempt to elucidate therapeutic effect of PF on psoriasis, by its inhibitive role on VEGF production. Forty female mice were subjected to this experiment and randomly divided into four different groups. Psoriasis was induced by giving imiquimod (IMQ) cream for a week and treated with PF and/or PF-VEGF recombinant treatment. The expression levels of VEGF and its isotopes VEGF1 and VEGF2 were measured at serum level by ELISA, mRNA level by quantitative RT-PCR and protein level by western blot analysis. Epidermal abnormality of psoriatic skin lesions was determined by measuring keratin 6, keratin 10, loricrin and Ki67 at mRNA and protein level with RT-PCR and western blot analysis. Pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6 and innate immune mediators IL-22 and IL-12 p40 were detected by quantitative RT-PCR and western blot. Typical psoriatic histological features were observed in our histopathological analysis and epidermal abnormality of psoriatic skin lesions improved with PF treatment leading to a reduction in the number of blood vessels, this improvement was attenuated in PF-VEGF-treated mice. Expressions of VEGF, VEGF1 and VEGF2 at serum, mRNA and protein levels were significantly redued in PF-treated mice compared with normal control mice, and this reduction was reversed by PF-VEGF treatment. The related markers keratin 6, keratin 10, loricrin, Ki67, TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-22 and IL-12 p40 were decreased in PF-treated mice indicating the improvement in epidermal keratinocytes and inflammatory cells in psoriatic skin lesions. In contrast, these improvements were eliminated in PF-VEGF treated mice. In conclusion, our results suggest that systemic treatment of PF could induce inhibition of VEGF production and provide a proof for anti-inflammatory and anti-angiogenic effect of PF against psoriasis.
Evaluation of three therapeutic alternatives for the early treatment of ovine pregnancy toxaemia; Background: Ovine pregnancy toxaemia is a common metabolic disorder of ewes due to increased foetal energy requirements in late pregnancy. This pathology is a metabolic condition characterized by hypoglycaemia and hyperketonaemia resulting in the inability of the animal to maintain an adequate energy balance. The response to treatment is effective, if it is started in the early stages of the disease, when irreversible neurological injuries have not yet been established. The aim was to evaluate three therapeutic alternatives to effectively reverse the disease process in its early stages. For this, thirty adult Corriedale ewes, pregnant with a single lamb, were randomly separated in three groups of ten animals each, at day 130 of gestation. From that day onwards, ewes were locked up for forage fasting until glycaemia reached clinical values defining sub-clinical pregnancy toxaemia (1.59 +/- 0.24 mmol/L). After fasting, ewes grazed and received a treatment for 4 days: 50 ml i.v. infusions of hypertonic glucose and 20 UI insulin/ewe/day s.c. or 100 ml/sheep/12 h of glycerol together with propylene glycol oral solution or fed with pasture supplemented with two daily intakes 300 g/sheep of cracked corn. Glycaemia and beta-hydroxybutyrate were determined in all the animals from the beginning of fasting until the completion of the treatment. Results: Fasting caused a decline in blood glucose in the 3 groups. This decline continued until fasting was withdrawn and treatment began. Thereafter blood glucose increased in all three groups, although in the group supplemented with glycerol and propylene glycol it started to increase significantly after 12 h. The values of beta-hydroxybutyrate decreased in the 3 groups at the start of treatment, and this decline was more pronounced earlier on and in the group supplemented with glycerol and propylene glycol. We found no significant differences between all experimental groups. No animal showed clinical signs of pregnancy toxaemia throughout the research. Conclusions: The three treatments administered to sheep affected by sub-clinical pregnancy toxaemia were able to restore normal concentration of glucose and beta-hydroxybutyrate in blood, although per os administration of 100 ml/sheep/12 h of glycerol with propylene glycol, was the most successful treatment, normalizing the aforementioned biochemical parameters in a shorter time.
Impact of dairy products on biomarkers of inflammation: a systematic review of randomized controlled nutritional intervention studies in overweight and obese adults; Background: Recent data from cross-sectional studies suggest that consumption of dairy products is inversely associated with low-grade systemic inflammation, but a cause-and-effect relation can be confirmed only with results from randomized controlled trials. Objective: We reviewed the results of randomized controlled nutritional intervention studies that have assessed the impact of dairy product consumption (ie, milk, yogurt, and/or cheese) on biomarkers of inflammation in adults (aged >= 18 y). Design: We performed a systematic literature search in PubMed in April 2012, which was limited to randomized controlled trials in humans published in English Studies that included pregnant or lactating women or that did not include a low-dairy control intervention were excluded. Results: Eight trials that were conducted in overweight or obese adults were included in the review. The only study that had identified change in the inflammatory profile as its primary outcome measure showed that dairy food consumption improved pro- and antiinflammatory biomarker concentrations compared with the low-dairy control diet. Three of the 7 studies in which inflammation was a secondary or undefined outcome showed improvement in key inflammatory biomarkers, ie, C-reactive protein, IL-6, or TNF-alpha after dairy product consumption, whereas the other 4 studies showed no effect. Conclusions: Dairy product consumption does not exert adverse effects on biomarkers of inflammation in overweight or obese adults. Several methodologic factors and limitations among existing studies do not allow differentiation between a beneficial or neutral impact of dairy products on inflammation. Further studies specifically designed to assess inflammation-related outcomes are warranted. Am J Clin Nutr 2013;97:706-17.
A Meta-Analysis on the Effectiveness of Sertaconazole 2% Cream Compared with Other Topical Therapies for Seborrheic Dermatitis; Seborrheic dermatitis (SD) is a relapsing inflammatory skin disorder that affects the seborrheic areas of the body. Its etiology is not completely elucidated; however, the link between disease exacerbations and the proliferation of Malassezia spp., along with the good response to antifungal agents, indicate the role of fungi in its pathophysiology. Sertaconazole nitrate is a relatively new imidazole antifungal agent with a particular structure, consisting in a benzothiophene ring similar to the indole ring of tryptophan, and it acts mainly through the inhibition of ergosterol synthesis and the formation of pores in the fungal cell membrane. The aim of our study was to evaluate the efficiency of sertaconazole 2% cream compared with other topical treatments in patients with SD. We performed an extensive literature search by browsing the PubMed database with the keyword combination "sertaconazole AND seborrheic dermatitis AND clinical trial", which retrieved eight controlled clinical trials evaluating the effects of sertaconazole in SD. All of the clinical trials included a standard scoring index (SI). At 28 days since the beginning of the treatment, the sertaconazole regimen was associated with a significantly higher percentage of patients with mild SI and a lower percentage of patients with moderate or severe SI (odds ratio 0.51) than the other investigated treatments-hydrocortisone, ketoconazole, clotrimazole, metronidazole, pimecrolimus, and tacrolimus (odds ratio 1.95). In conclusion, treatment with sertaconazole 2% cream may represent an efficient alternative therapy for patients with SD.
Effects of prepartal body condition score and peripartal energy supply of dairy cows on postpartal lipolysis, energy balance and ketogenesis: an animal model to investigate subclinical ketosis; Subclinical ketosis is a metabolic disorder which often goes undiagnosed and leads to constricted performance and an impairment of general condition. In the current study subclinical ketosis was characterised by a beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) concentration of > 1.2 mmol/l in blood serum. To generate this metabolic situation, an animal model was created. The model, based on group-specific interaction of dietary energy supply and body condition, is appropriate for testing the medical effectiveness of treating this kind of ketosis and its concomitants. During the trial, 18 dairy cows (primiparous and pluriparous) were assigned, according to their body condition score (BCS) 6 weeks before expected parturition, to a normal [6.78 MJ net energy for lactation (NEL)/kg dry matter; 20% concentrate] or to a high-energy feeding group (7.71 MJ NEL/kg dry matter; 60% concentrate). Therefore cows with the highest BCS were allocated to the high-energy group to enhance the contrast with the control group. Statistical analysis was done using the MIXED procedure of SAS. Effects were declared significant when P-values were <= 0.05. Owing to the higher energy concentration and dry matter intake, the energy intake and balance was significantly higher in the high-energy feeding group, with strong effects on lipid metabolism and health in blood and liver post partum. Within the first 2 weeks after calving, 8 out of 9 cows (89%) of the high-energy group had BHB values indicative of subclinical ketosis. These cows also had significantly higher values of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), aspartate transaminase (AST) and glutamate dehydrogenase (GLDH) post partum, as well as a raised total lipid content of the liver. RQUICKI, a calculated parameter which is based on serum concentrations of glucose, insulin and NEFA to assess the insulin sensitivity, was not affected by treatment. Therefore, RQUICKI does not seem to be the right parameter for diagnosing decreased insulin sensitivity in cows affected by subclinical ketosis. The milk fat and the fat: protein ratio of the high-energy group was also higher, even though there was no decrease in milk yield for cows with subclinical BHB values.
Body condition score and plane of nutrition prepartum affect adipose tissue transcriptome regulators of metabolism and inflammation in grazing dairy cows during the transition period; Recent studies demonstrating a higher incidence of metabolic disorders after calving have challenged the management practice of increasing dietary energy density during the last similar to 3 wk prepartum. Despite our knowledge at the whole-animal level, the tissue-level mechanisms that are altered in response to feeding management prepartum remain unclear. Our hypothesis was that prepartum body condition score (BCS), in combination with feeding management, plays a central role in the peripartum changes associated with energy balance and inflammatory state. Twenty-eight mid-lactation grazing dairy cows of mixed age and breed were randomly allocated to 1 of 4 treatment groups in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement: 2 prepartum BCS categories (4.0 and 5.0, based on a 10-point scale; BCS4, BCS5) obtained via differential feeding management during late-lactation, and 2 levels of energy intake during the 3 wk preceding calving (75 and 125% of estimated requirements). Subcutaneous adipose tissue was harvested via biopsy at -1, 1, and 4 wk relative to parturition. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction was used to measure mRNA and microRNA (miRNA) expression of targets related to fatty acid metabolism (lipogenesis, lipolysis), adipokine synthesis, and inflammation. Both prepartum BCS and feeding management had a significant effect on mRNA and miRNA expression throughout the peripartum period. Overfed BCS5 cows had the greatest prepartum expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS/V) and an overall greater expression of leptin (LEP); BCS5 was also associated with greater overall adiponectin (ADIPOQ) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG), whereas overfeeding upregulated expression of proadipogenic miRNA. Higher postpartum expression of chemokine ligand 5 (CCL5) and the cytokines interleukin 6 (IL6) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) was detected in overfed BCS5 cows. Feed-restricted BCS4 cows had the highest overall interleukin 1 (IL1B) expression. Prepartum feed restriction resulted in greater chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2) expression. Overall, changes in mRNA expression were consistent with the expression pattern of inflammation-related miRNA. These data shed light on molecular mechanisms underlying the effect of prepartum BCS and feeding management on metabolic and inflammatory status of adipose tissue during the peripartum period. Data support the use of a controlled feed restriction prepartum in optimally conditioned cows, as well as the use of a higher level of dietary energy in under-conditioned cows.
Methionine and choline supply during the peripartal period alter polymorphonuclear leukocyte immune response and immunometabolic gene expression in Holstein cows; Polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNL) are the first responders upon pathogen invasion and hence play an important role in inflammatory and immune responses. Rumen-protected methionine (MET) and choline (CHOL) during the peripartal period affect the immune response and inflammatory status in dairy cows to different extents. We aimed to examine the effect of MET and CHOL supply on expression of genes regulating key PMNL functions and associations with whole-blood immune challenge. Thirty multiparous Holstein cows from a larger cohort randomly assigned from - 21 to 30 d relative to parturition to a basal control (CON) diet, CON plus MET at a rate of 0.08% of dry matter, or CON plus CHOL at 60 g/d were used. Blood was sampled at -10, 7, and 30 d relative to parturition for inflammatory biomarker analyses and PMNL isolation. Neutrophil and monocyte phagocytosis and oxidative burst in vitro were assessed in whole blood at 1, 7, and 28 d. Although neutrophil and monocyte phagocytosis did not differ, oxidative burst in neutrophils and monocytes was greater in MET-supplemented cows relative to CON cows. Compared with CON, PMNL adhesion and migration-related genes (ITGAM, ITGB2, ITGA4) were downregulated in response to MET and CHOL. Expression of CADM1 and SELL was also lower in MET-supplemented cows compared with CON cows but not in CHOL cows. In contrast, compared with CON cows, the expression of ICAM1 was lower in CHOL but not MET cows. Similar to adhesion and migration-related genes, cows receiving MET-or CHOL-supplemented diets had lower expression of inflammation-related genes (IL1 beta, IL10RA, NFKB1, STAT3, TLR2). However, expression of IRAK1 and TLR4 was lower in METbut not CHOL-supplemented cows. Plasma taurine concentration was greater in MET cows compared with CHOL and CON cows, suggesting a better redox status in plasma. In agreement with plasma taurine, oxidative stress-related genes (CBS, CTH, GPX1, GSS, SOD2) in PMNL were lower in response to MET and to CHOL supply. Overall, immunometabolic gene expression profile and blood biomarker analyses suggest an overall better redox status in PMNL during the transition period in response to MET and CHOL supply. These adaptations in PMNL might be beneficial for mounting a better bactericidal response upon challenge.
Postpartum supplementation of fermented ammoniated condensed whey improved feed efficiency and plasma metabolite profile; Postpartum dietary supplementation of gluconeogenic precursors may improve the plasma metabolite profile of dairy cows, reducing metabolic disorders and improving lactation performance. The objective of this trial was to examine the effects of supplementation with fermented ammoniated condensed whey (FACW) postpartum on lactation performance and on profile of plasma metabolites and hormones in transition dairy cows. Individually fed multiparous Holstein cows were blocked by calving date and randomly assigned to control (2.9% dry matter of diet as soybean meal; n = 20) or FACW (2.9% dry matter of diet as liquid Gluco-Boost, Fermented Nutrition, Luxemburg, WI; n = 19) dietary treatments. Treatments were offered from 1 to 45 d in milk (DIM). Cows were milked twice a day. Dry matter intake and milk yield were recorded daily and averaged weekly. Individual milk samples from 2 consecutive milkings were obtained once a week for component analysis. Rumen fluid was collected (n = 3 cows/treatment) at 4 time points per day at 7 and 21 DIM. Blood samples were collected within 1 h before feeding time for metabolite analysis and hyperketonemia diagnosis. Supplementation of FACW improved feed efficiency relative to control; this effect may be partially explained by a marginally significant reduction in dry matter intake from wk 3 to 7 for FACW-supplemented cows with no detected FACW-driven changes in milk yield, milk protein yield, and milk energy output compared with control. Also, there was no evidence for differences in intake of net energy for lactation, efficiency of energy use, energy balance, or body weight or body condition score change from calving to 45 DIM between treatments. Supplementation of FACW shifted rumen measures toward greater molar proportions of propionate and butyrate, and lesser molar proportions of acetate and valerate. Cows supplemented with FACW had greater plasma glucose concentrations in the period from 3 to 7 DIM and greater plasma insulin concentrations compared with control. Plasma nonesterified fatty acid and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations were decreased in cows supplemented with FACW compared with control cows in the period from 3 to 7 DIM. These findings indicate that FACW may have improved the plasma metabolite profile immediately postpartum in dairy cows. Additionally, supplementation of FACW resulted in improved feed efficiency as accessed by measures of milk output relative to feed intake.
Clinical efficacy of 0.5% topical mangosteen extract in nanoparticle loaded gel in treatment of mild-to-moderate acne vulgaris: A 12-week, split-face, double-blinded, randomized, controlled trial; Background: Acne vulgaris is the most common inflammatory sebaceous gland disorder in young adults. The resistant strains of Propionibacterium acnes (P. acnes) are of increasing concern in the treatment of acne. Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy of 0.5% topical mangosteen extract in nanoparticle loaded gel (containing alpha-mangostin) compared with 1% clindamycin gel for treatment of mild-to-moderate acne vulgaris. Methods: Patients aged 18-40 years were enrolled in this double-blinded, split-face, randomized, control study. The 2.5% benzoyl peroxide cream was applied to both sides of the faces once daily for 5 minutes and washed off. Each patient was randomly treated with the mangosteen fruit rind extract on one side and 1% clindamycin on another side of the face twice daily for 12 weeks. Treatment efficacies and side effects were evaluated on every follow-up. Results: Twenty-eight patients, 24 female (85.7%), mean SD age of 25.14 +/- 5.8, with Global Acne Grading system (GAGs) score of 15.43 +/- 5.96 were included. Mangosteen fruit rind extract significantly showed significant 66.86% and 67.05% reduction of comedone and inflammatory lesions (P < 0.001) after 12-week treatment. The improvement on both treated sides significantly showed since 2 weeks after treatment, without statistical difference between two groups. Nonetheless, the mangosteen fruit rind extract revealed significantly better improvement of clinical severity, with no severe side effects. Conclusions: The mangosteen fruit rind extract formation could be a phytopharmaceutical medication for effective treatment of mild and moderate acne vulgaris treatment comparable to 1% clindamycin gel, with no severe side effects.
Safety and efficacy of Advastat® (containing 10 % acarbose produced by <i>Actinoplanes utahensis</i> CBS 961.70) as feed additive for cattle for fattening and dairy cows<SUP>1</SUP> Scientific Opinion of the Panel on Additives and Products or Substances used in Animal Feed (Question No EFSA-Q-2007-172) Adopted on 22 October 2008; Following a request from the European Commission, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) was asked to deliver a scientific opinion on the safety and efficacy of Advastat (R) (containing acarbose as active substance) as feed additive for cattle for fattening and dairy cows, under the category zootechnical and functional group digestibility enhancer. The applicant claims two benefits from using Advastat (R) : an effect on animal welfare (reduction of the risk of acidosis) and on animal performance (more favourable ruminal fermentation). Acarbose is already used in human medicine as an oral first-line or adjunctive treatment for reducing postprandial hyperglycaemia in Type II diabetes mellitus. Advastat (R) contains 10 % acarbose, a tetrasaccharide analogue produced by fermentation with Actinoplanes utahensis, which inhibits the activity of gastrointestinal amylases and glucosidases. Advastat (R) is intended to be used in feed of ruminating beef and dairy cattle to maintain optimal rumen pH (> 5.5) by slowing down starch fermentation in the rumen. The maximum dose proposed by the applicant for Advastat (R) use is that equivalent to 1.2 mg acarbose kg(-1) body weight (bw), corresponding approximately to 70 mg kg(-1) and 35 mg acarbose kg(-1) complete feedingstuffs (dry matter) for cattle for fattening and dairy cows, respectively. In vitro studies (six) used to evaluate the effects of acarbose either on rumen fluid or ruminal metabolism, indicated that acarbose dose-dependently reduces rumen fermentation and contributes to stabilising ruminal pH. In vivo trials included fistulated beef cattle fed acidotic rations and non-fistulated dairy cattle receiving high starch diets. Five short-term studies (two to six days) showed that acarbose reduced the risk of acidosis, as characterised by ruminal pH or lactate concentration. Four trials were conducted on dairy cows, with a cross-over design with three-week periods. The animals were fed a diet expected to induce sub-optimal rumen pH with or without acarbose. Although those studies showed that acarbose increased milk fat and yield but also decreased protein percentage, they were considered of too short duration. Upon EFSA's request, three additional trials (84-87 days duration) were performed at in commercially operating dairy farms in the EU in order to study the effects of acarbose in early lactation ration using high amounts of fermentable carbohydrates on milk yield. Acarbose-treated animals showed positive or negative changes, sometimes significant, in milk production and composition compared to control animals. The Panel on Additives and Products or Substances used in Animal Feed (FEEDAP) cannot conclude on the efficacy of Advastat (R) for cattle for fattening and dairy cows because benefits in healthy animals, under common farming practices in the EU, could not be demonstrated. However, the former conclusion does not exclude that acarbose might be efficacious in cases where cattle for fattening and dairy cows are at a specific risk or suffering of acidosis due to the particular feeding regime. A tolerance study, which aimed at evaluating the safety of acarbose in lactating cows when added in feed at 0, 35 and 350 mg acarbose kg(-1) complete feed DM, was provided; this study did not provide evidence of toxicity with a 10-fold acarbose overdose. The FEEDAP Panel concludes that acarbose is safe at the level of 35 mg kg feed(-1) DM in dairy cows. The FEEDAP Panel also considers likely that the conclusion for dairy cows is valid for cattle for fattening. Orally administered labeled acarbose is metabolised extensively in the digestive tract before absorption to a limited extent. No unchanged acarbose or C2 (both pharmacologically active) are found in excreta, milk and edible tissues from cattle administered acarbose. From the different toxicity studies provided, it can be concluded that acarbose is not genotoxic and most effects observed, even at the lowest dose tested (decrease in body weight, 45 mg kg(-1) bw), can be related to its pharmacological activity. No NOEL, and consequently no ADI, could be derived from the data provided. However, the consumer will not be exposed to pharmacologically active acarbose or its metabolite (C2) following consumption of food from treated animals. Consequently, the FEEDAP Panel concludes that no safety concerns for the consumer would result from the use of acarbose at the proposed level in beef and dairy cattle. No marker residue could be identified, nor is it considered necessary. In the absence of data on eye and dermal irritation potential, and on skin/respiratory sensitisation, the default approach is to consider the compound as a potential irritant and sensitiser. In the absence of information on potential effects of metabolites on the environment, the FEEDAP Panel cannot fully assess the risk for the environment arising from the use of Advastat (R) in feedingstuffs for cattle. The FEEDAP Panel made some recommendations for modifications to the Register entry proposed by the applicant.
Predicting first test day milk yield of dairy heifers; Profound physiological changes occur in the body of a dairy cow during the transition period. Most of the metabolic disorders and infectious diseases are diagnosed during this time compromising the lactation overall success. Even though it has been proposed methods to evaluate the transition programme in multiparous dairy cows, the same has not been observed for dairy heifers. The present paper aimed at determining which Dairy Herd Improvement (DHI) metrics have the largest impact on first test day milk yield (FT_MILK) of primiparous dairy cows as well as building and comparing predictive models of FT_MILK from animals in this category. We used information from the first test day of 3267 Holstein primiparous dairy cows collected between 2014 and 2017. Data were split into training (n = 2345) and validation (n = 780) data set that were used to estimate model parameters and to evaluate the models, respectively. Variables associated to FT_MILK were identified using regularized regression via elastic net. Three types of models were evaluated: multivariate linear regression (MLR), random forest (RF), and artificial neural network (ANN). The resulting models were evaluated based on six fit-statistics and 10-fold cross validation. In addition, Pearson correlation coefficient and Lin's concordance correlation coefficient were calculated between predicted and observed values, as well as the comparison between observed and predicted median FT_MILK. Statistical significance was declared at an error level alpha < 0.05. Fifteen DHI variables were identified as the most influential on FT_MILK. The three models were capable of predicting FT_MILK with a mean absolute error lower than 4.00 kg on validation data set and 10-fold cross validation. There was no significant difference between the observed and predicted median FT_MILK. ANN better-predicted FT_MILK compared with MLR and RF. Future work could focus on studying the variation between herds as a possibility to improve the ANN model.
The efficacy and safety of a proposed herbal moisturising cream for dry skin and itch relief: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial-study protocol; Background: Moisturisers prevent and treat dry skin. They can also protect sensitive skin, improve skin tone and texture, and mask imperfections. Herbal medicines or their extracts have been available as topical formulations and cosmetics. Arctium lappa L. (Asteraceae) has been used to treat inflammatory disorders and various skin problems. It could be a candidate herbal medicine for treating dry skin condition. This study aims to establish the efficacy and safety of a proposed herbal moisturising cream containing Arctium lappa L. seed extract, which has been approved by the Korean Ministry of Food and Drug Safety for use in cosmetics. Methods/Designs: This study is a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study with two parallel groups (proposed herbal moisturising cream vs. placebo cream). We will recruit 66 healthy male and female participants, aged 20 to 65 years, who have been diagnosed with dry skin conditions. Participants will be randomly allocated to receive either the proposed herbal moisturising cream or a placebo cream for four weeks. Each participant will be examined for signs and symptoms before and after using the cream. Skin hydration, sebum (oily secretion) levels and transepidermal water loss (TEWL; constitutive loss of water from the skin surface) will be assessed. Participants will also be asked to fill out a health-related quality of life questionnaire. Safety will be assessed using blood tests, urine analysis, a pregnancy test, and the assessment of vital signs. Discussion: This trial will utilise high-quality methodologies in accordance with both consolidated standards for reporting trials guidelines and the guidelines for clinical trials of cosmetics products that are aimed at expressions and advertisement approval in Korea. It will evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of a proposed herbal moisturising cream containing Arctium lappa L. seed extract to treat dry skin conditions and provide itch relief. Moreover, we will also employ health-related quality of life questionnaires to assess changes in the quality of life. The results of this study will be used to present the evidence needed to request advertising/display allowances, in compliance with the recently amended Cosmetics Act for advertisement in Korea.
Intravenous Infusions of Glycerol Versus Propylene Glycol for the Regulation of Negative Energy Balance in Sheep: A Randomized Trial; Simple Summary Propylene glycol (PG) and glycerol are common energy substances used to supplement the feed of transitioning ruminants in order to minimize the development of metabolic disorders related to energy deficiency. Their effects on the energetic status of the animal have been, thus far, studied mostly by oral administration, which exposes them to substantial microbial metabolism in the rumen. This study compared the direct metabolic effects of these substances following their intravenous (IV) infusion. We found that glycerol was highly glucogenic and insulinotropic, as expected. However, surprisingly, PG had no significant effect on the circulating levels of glucose or insulin. Unlike glycerol, PG significantly raised circulating lactate levels and showed some potential tissue damage activity. Our study points to glycerol, rather than PG, as a potential IV treatment for efficient relief of hypoglycemia and hyperketonemia. Abstract Negative energy balance (NEB) is a state of insufficient dietary-energy consumption, characterized by the breakdown of adipose fat to meet the physiological energy expenditure. Extensive NEB, as common in high-yielding transitioning ruminants, drives significant metabolic disturbance and pathologies such as pregnancy toxemia and ketosis. Strategies to minimize the severity of NEB include the use of energy-dense feed supplements, like glycerol and propylene glycol (PG), or IV glucose infusion during severe hypoglycemia. PG and glycerol have been studied mainly by oral or ruminal administration, which exposes them to substantial metabolism in the digestive system. To investigate their direct benefits to mitigating NEB, we intravenously infused them into sheep induced into NEB by feed restriction. Sixteen 5-month-old ewe lambs at NEB were IV-treated with 170 mL isotonic saline containing 15% glycerol or 15% PG. Both PG and glycerol effectively reduced hyperketonemia by 57% and 61%, and inhibited adipose lipolysis by 73.6% and 73.3%, respectively. Surprisingly, only glycerol was glucogenic (p < 0.0001) and insulinotropic (p < 0.0075), while PG was primarily utilized for production of lactate (p < 0.0001). Tissue-damage biomarkers indicated hemolytic activity for PG. This study revealed glycerol as a superior IV treatment for effective relief of NEB. Since it carries no risk of glucose overloading, glycerol IV infusion may also have clinical advantages over glucose for treatment of pregnancy toxemia and ketosis.
Heritability of metabolic response to the intravenous glucose tolerance test in German Holstein Friesian bulls; Selection for improved health and welfare in farm animals is of increasing interest worldwide. Peripartum energy balance is a key factor for pathogenesis of diseases in dairy cows. The intravenous glucose tolerance test (ivGTT) can be used to study the metabolic response to a glucose stimulus. The aim of this study was to estimate heritability of ivGTT traits in German Holstein bulls. A total of 541 Holstein bulls aged 7 to 17 mo from 2 breeding stations were subjected to the ivGTT. Serum glucose concentrations were measured at 0, 7, 14, 21, 28, 35, 42, 49, 56, and 63 min relative to glucose infusion. The maximum increase in blood glucose concentration, glucose area equivalent, and blood glucose half-life period were calculated. Heritabilities were estimated using a univariate animal model including station-year-season and age as fixed effects, and animal additive genetic and residual as random effects. The estimated heritabilities were 0.19 for fasting glucose concentration, 0.43 for glucose area equivalent, 0.40 for glucose half-life period, 0.14 for the peak glucose concentration, and 0.12 for the maximum increase of blood glucose concentration. Correlations between ivGTT traits and breeding values for milk yield and composition were not found. The results indicate that heritability for response to glucose is high, which warrants further investigation of this trait for genetic improvement of metabolic disorders. Research is necessary to determine the target levels of ivGTT traits and potential associations between ivGTT traits in breeding bulls and periparturient diseases in their offspring.
Bovine casein hydrolysate (C12 Peptide) reduces blood pressure in prehypertensive subjects; Background: About one in four adults suffer from prehypertension. People with prehypertension are at risk of developing hypertension, being a biomarker for cardiovascular disease risk. The use of milk-derived protein hydrolysates containing peptides with angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibiting properties may reduce blood pressure (BP) and thus the risk of developing hypertension. Methods: We investigated the BP-lowering effect of a casein-derived protein hydrolysate (C12 Peptide) during a 4-week intervention period in prehypertensive subjects. After a 2-week run-in period, 48 Taiwanese volunteers were randomly assigned to either placebo or C12 Peptide tablets for 4 weeks, followed by a 2-week off-treatment period. After the run-in period, BP was measured weekly. Results: Baseline values for systolic BP (mean +/- SEM) in the placebo and C12 Peptide groups were 137.1 +/- 3.1 and 137.9 +/- 2.4 mm Hg, respectively; those for diastolic BP were 85.2 +/- 2.1 and 86.9 +/- 2.0 mm Hg, respectively. Four weeks repeated daily intake of 3.8 g C12 Peptide reduced significantly systolic and diastolic BP by 10.7 +/- 1.6 mm Hg and 6.9 +/- 1.2 mm Hg, respectively, compared to baseline. Furthermore, plasma angiotensin 11 and aldosterone levels were reduced significantly (P < .05). The placebo group showed a BP reduction of 3.6 +/- 2.4 and 2.7 +/- 1.6 mm Hg in systolic and diastolic BP, respectively (P not significant). No evidence of side effects was observed. Conclusions: This study shows that C12 Peptide reduces BP in prehypertensive people.
Adjunctive treatment for acne vulgaris by tranexamic acid; Background: Acne is a chronic, inflammatory skin disorder of pilosebaceous units. Tranexamic acid (TXA) acts as a plasmin inhibitor to reduce blood loss and is also used to treat rosacea due to its anti-inflammatory effects. Some parts of the pathogenesis of rosacea are similar to inflammatory acne. Objectives: The study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of 10% TXA serum in treating acne and its adverse effects. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, split-face study was performed on 18 mild-to-moderate acne patients. Patients applied 10% TXA serum on one side of the face and placebo on another side twice daily for 8 weeks. Acne lesion counts and adverse effects were evaluated every 2 weeks. Results: Significant differences in total inflammatory acne counts were observed between TXA and placebo since Week 4 (p = 0.008). TXA mainly reduced papules and pustules, as papule counts significantly decreased since the 8th week (p = 0.046) and pustule counts significantly reduced since Week 8 (p = 0.033). Moreover, physicians also found that TXA serum reduced the redness of the skin, corresponding with the imaging from VISIA (R) Skin Analysis. The anti-inflammatory effect of TXA resulted in less PIE and PIH. Adverse effects, including erythema and scaling, were treated by applying any moisturizing cream. Conclusion: Topical 10% TXA can reduce inflammatory acne effectively. Adverse effects were minor and treat easily.
Dairy Product Consumption and Cardiovascular Health: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; The association between dairy product consumption and cardiovascular health remains highly debated. We quantitatively synthesized prospective cohort evidence on the associations between dairy consumption and risk of hypertension (HTN), coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke. We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science through August 1, 2020, to retrieve prospective cohort studies that reported on dairy consumption and risk of HTN, CHD, or stroke. We used random-effects models to calculate the pooled RR and 95% CI for the highest compared with the lowest category of intake and for a 1-serving/d increase in consumption. We rated the quality of evidence using NutriGrade. Fifty-five studies were included. Total dairy consumption was associated with a lower risk of HTN (RR for highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.91, 95% CI: 0.86, 0.95, I-2 = 73.5%; RR for 1-serving/d increase: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.94, 0.97, I-2 = 66.5%), CHD (highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.92, 1.00, I-2 = 46.6%; 1-serving/d increase: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.95, 1.00, I-2 = 56.7%), and stroke (highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.85, 0.96, I-2 = 60.8%; 1-serving/d increase: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.93, 0.99, I-2 = 74.7%). Despite moderate to considerable heterogeneity, these associations remained consistent across multiple subgroups. Evidence on the relation between total dairy and risk of HTN and CHD was of moderate quality and of low quality for stroke. Low-fat dairy consumption was associated with lower risk of HTN and stroke and high-fat dairy with a lower risk of stroke. Milk, cheese, or yogurt consumption showed inconsistent associations with the cardiovascular outcomes in high compared with low intake and dose-response meta-analyses. Total dairy consumption was associated with a modestly lower risk of hypertension, CHD, and stroke. Moderate to considerable heterogeneity was observed in the estimates, and the overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
Effects of feed withdrawal duration on animal behaviour, rumen microbiota and blood chemistry in feedlot cattle: implications for rumen acidosis; Feed withdrawal (FW) is a frequent issue in open outdoor feedlot systems, where unexpected circumstances can limit the animals' access to food. The relationship among fasting period, animal behaviour during feed reintroduction (FR) and acidosis occurrence has not been completely elucidated. Twenty steers fitted with rumen catheters were fed a high-concentrate diet (concentrate : forage ratio 85 : 15) and were challenged by a protocol of FW followed by FR. The animals were randomly assigned to one of the four treatments: FW for 12 h (T12), 24 h (T24), 36 h (T36) or no FW (control group) followed by FR. The steers' behaviour, ruminal chemistry, structure of the ruminal microbial community, blood enzymes and metabolites and ruminal acidosis status were assessed. Animal behaviour was affected by the FW-FR challenge ( P < 0.05). Steers from the T12, T24 and T36 treatments showed a higher ingestion rate and a lower frequency of rumination. Although all animals were suspected to have sub-acute ruminal acidosis (SARA) prior to treatment, a severe case of transient SARA arose after FR in the T12, T24 and T36 groups. The ruminal pH remained below the threshold adopted for SARA diagnosis ( pH value = 5.6) for more than three consecutive hours (24, 7 and 19 h in the T12, T24 and T36 treatments, respectively). The FW-FR challenge did not induce clinical acute ruminal acidosis even though steers from the T36 treatment presented ruminal pH values that were consistent with this metabolic disorder (pH threshold for acute acidosis = 5.2). Total mixed ration reintroduction after the withdrawal period reactivated ruminal fermentation as reflected by changes in the fermentation end-products. Ruminal lactic acid accumulation in steers from the T24 and T36 treatments probably led to the reduction of pH in these groups. Both the FW and the FR phases may have altered the structure of the ruminal microbiota community. Whereas fibrolytic bacterial groups decreased relative abundance in the restricted animals, both lactic acid producer and utiliser bacterial groups increased ( P < 0.05). The results demonstrated a synchronisation between Streptococcus (lactate producer) and Megasphaera (lactate utiliser), as the relative abundance of both groups increased, suggesting that bacterial resilience may be central for preventing the onset of metabolic disturbances such as ruminal acidosis. A long-FW period (36 h) produced rumen pH reductions well below and lactic acid concentration increased well above the accepted thresholds for acute acidosis without any perceptible clinical signs.
Different galenic formulations of fluvastatin have equal lipid-lowering potential but differ in reducing lipemia-induced endothelial dysfunction; Background Postprandial lipemia is known to exert a reversible detrimental effect on endothelium-dependent flow-mediated vasodilation (FMD). Fasting FMD has shown to be improved by fluvastatin. In this study, we investigated whether lipemia-induced endothelial dysfunction can be mitigated by fluvastatin in two (immediate-release and extended-release) formulations. Methods In 27 patients with the metabolic syndrome, randomized in a three-period crossover design for 5 weeks each to 80 mg extended-release fluvastatin daily, 40 mg immediate-release fluvastatin twice daily (b.i.d.) or placebo, the fasting and postprandial lipids and FMD of the brachial artery were measured at baseline and after 5 weeks of each treatment period. Postprandial lipemia was induced by administration of whipping cream containing 33% fat (1 g fat/kg body weight). FMD was determined by two-dimensional ultrasonography of the brachial artery in the fasting state and 4 h after the fatty meal. Lipids were determined using routine methods. Results Fasting triglycerides were reduced after immediate-release and extended-release fluvastatin by 16 and 23%, respectively, and postprandial triglycerides by 20 and 29%, respectively. The fasting FMD was also improved by each treatment The postprandial FMD impairment, however, was mitigated only after 40 mg b.i.d. After 80 mg fluvastatin, the last dose of which had been administered the previous evening, the lipemic FMD impairment was the same as after the placebo. Conclusion Fluvastatin improves fasting FMD regardless of whether it is administered as 40 mg b.i.d. or 80 mg daily given in the evening. The lipemic FMD impairment, in contrast, is improved only by 40 mg b.i.d. when the tablet is taken in the morning of the test day. As the half-life of fluvastatin is about 2 h, we surmise that an improvement occurs only when sufficient amounts of fluvastatin are present in the bloodstream. Coron Artery Dis 20:81-85 (C) 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Emollients and moisturizers for eczema: abridged Cochrane systematic review including GRADE assessments; Eczema is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder with considerable impact on quality of life. Emollients or moisturizers are widely recommended, but are these effective and safe? We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Skin Register, CENTRAL in The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, the GREAT database and five trial registers to December 2015. We included 77 RCTs with 6603 participants. Seven studies (9%) were at low risk of bias, 34 (44%) had unclear risk and 36 (47%) were at high risk. The quality of the evidence was mainly low or moderate for the prespecified outcomes. The most important comparison, 'moisturizer vs. no moisturizer', showed improved Scoring Atopic Dermatitis values in the moisturizer group compared with no moisturizer [mean difference -2.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) -4.55 to -.28], but did not meet the minimal important difference of 8.7. Fewer flares were seen (risk ratio 0.40, 95% CI 0.23-0.70) and the rate of flares was reduced (hazard ratio 3.74, 95% CI 1.86-7.50). The groups applying moisturizer used less topical corticosteroids over 6-8 weeks (mean difference -9.30 g, 95% CI 15.3 to -3.27). Glycyrrhetinic acid-, urea-and glycerol-containing creams worked better than their controls (vehicle, placebo or no moisturizer) according to both participants and physicians. More flares were reported with moisturizer alone than when combined with twice-weekly fluticasone propionate (risk ratio 2.17, 95% CI 1.55-3.11). Adding moisturizers to topical anti-inflammatory treatment was more effective than anti-inflammatory treatment alone and resulted in fewer flares.
Alteration of factors associated with hepatic gluconeogenesis in response to acute lipopolysaccharide in dairy goat; Lipopolysaccharide (LPS) is a common pathogenic agent that causes many diseases and metabolic disorders. Hypoglycemia is often observed when animals are infected with LPS. To explore the influence of LPS on blood glucose and hepatic gluconeogenesis in goats, 12 goats were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 groups: the LPS-treated group (60 mu g/kg BW of LPS; jugular vein injections) or the control group (saline vehicle; jugular vein injections). Blood samples were collected from jugular veins at 0, 1, 2, 4, 6, and 8 h, and liver tissue samples were biopsied 8 h after the injections. The dynamic changes in blood glucose levels as well as key hepatic gluconeogenic enzyme mRNA and protein expression, ATP and ADP levels, and glutathione reductase (GR) activity were determined. The results showed that blood glucose levels in the LPS group were dramatically reduced after an initial, short-term increase. In liver tissue, the mRNA of key gluconeogenic enzymes, phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1 (PEPCK1; P < 0.05), fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 (FBP1; P < 0.01), pyruvate carboxylase (PCB; P < 0.05), and acyl-CoA synthetase short-chain family member 3 (ACSS3; P < 0.01), in the related pathways and PPAR-gamma coactivator 1a (PGC-1 alpha; P < 0.05) were decreased in the LPS group compared with those in the control group, whereas glucose- 6-phosphatase (G6Pase-alpha) was not different (P > 0.05). The protein expression of PEPCK1 decreased (P < 0.01), whereas that of G6Pase-alpha increased (P < 0.05) significantly. The ratio of ADP to ATP (P < 0.05) and the activity of GR (P < 0.01) were markedly increased in the LPS group compared with those in controls. This research showed that LPS markedly affects and reduces blood glucose in dairy goats. The crucial reasons for the marked change in blood glucose are the altered expression of key gluconeogenic enzymes in different pathways and of essential factors associated with gluconeogenesis in the liver.
Postpartum responses of dairy cows supplemented with cereal grain or fibrous by-product concentrate; The present study examined the effect of replacing cereal grain with a fibrous by-product concentrate on nutrient intake, milk production traits and fatty acid composition, diet digestibility, feed conversion efficiency (FCE), CH4 and CO2 emissions, and plasma blood parameters of dairy cows in early lactation. Twenty-two Nordic Red cows were randomly assigned to one of two dietary treatments immediately after calving until 18 weeks in lactation. The cereal grain treatment contained 593 g/kg of grass silage, 317 g/kg of cereal grain mixture (barley, oat, and wheat), 79 g/kg of heat-treated rapeseed meal, and 11 g/kg of a mineral mix on a DM basis. A mixture of unmolassed beet pulp, wheat middlings, barley fibre, and wheat bran replaced cereal grains in the by-product treatment. The diets were isocaloric and isonitrogenous and were fed ad libitum as total mixed rations. The by-product diet had a higher fibre content, while starch content was reduced compared with the cereal grain diet. Despite the 12 %-unit difference in dietary starch content, no differences in DMI were observed. Similarly, no differences in body weight and body condition score (BCS) were observed between treatments. Cows fed the fibrous by-product diet had lower apparent total-tract digestibility of DM (683 g/kg), organic matter (700 g/kg), and crude protein (665 g/kg) compared to those fed cereal grain diet (735, 749, and 699 g/kg, respectively), but milk yield and composition, as well as FCE were not affected by treatment. The edible feed conversion ratio in the by-product group was on average 3.7- folds higher than the cereal grain group. Total CH4 emission (g/d) and CH4 yield (g/kg DMI) reduced by 10.3% on average when by-product replaced cereal grains, but CH4 intensity (g CH4/kg ECM) was not significantly influenced by diet. Although the feeding of by-product had no effect on milk fat content, it changed its fatty acid profile by increasing the proportion of some unsaturated fatty acids (Sigma C18:1 trans, C18:3 cis-9 cis-12 cis-15, omega-3) in milk fat. Replacing cereal grain with fibrous by-product in the diets of early lactation dairy cows had no effect on their risk of developing metabolic disorders. These findings suggest that cows fed grass silage-based diets can be supplemented with fibrous by-product concentrates without affecting feed efficiency or energy balance status, thereby supporting sustainable food production. However, future works should evaluate the economic aspects of feeding by-product concentrates to determine their practical application for feed manufacturers and farmers.
Food groups and risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and heart failure: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies; Background: Despite growing evidence for food-based dietary patterns' potential to reduce cardiovascular disease risk, knowledge about the amounts of food associated with the greatest change in risk of specific cardiovascular outcomes and about the quality of meta-evidence is limited. Therefore, the aim of this meta-analysis was to synthesize the knowledge about the relation between intake of 12 major food groups (whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages [SSB]) and the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke and heart failure (HF).Methods: We conducted a systematic search in PubMed and Embase up to March 2017 for prospective studies. Summary risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were estimated using a random effects model for highest versus lowest intake categories, as well as for linear and non-linear relationships.Results: Overall, 123 reports were included in the meta-analyses. An inverse association was present for whole grains (RRCHD: 0.95 (95% CI: 0.92-0.98), RRHF: 0.96 (0.95-0.97)), vegetables and fruits (RRCHD: 0.97 (0.96-0.99), and 0.94 (0.90-0.97); RRstroke: 0.92 (0.86-0.98), and 0.90 (0.84-0.97)), nuts (RRCHD: 0.67 (0.43-1.05)), and fish consumption (RRCHD: 0.88 (0.79-0.99), RRstroke: 0.86 (0.75-0.99), and RRHF: 0.80 (0.67-0.95)), while a positive association was present for egg (RRHF: 1.16 (1.03-1.31)), red meat (RRCHD: 1.15 (1.08-1.23), RRstroke: 1.12 (1.06-1.17), RRHF: 1.08 (1.02-1.14)), processed meat (RRCHD: 1.27 (1.09-1.49), RRstroke: 1.17 (1.02-1.34), RRHF: 1.12 (1.05-1.19)), and SSB consumption (RRCHD: 1.17 (1.11-1.23), RRstroke: 1.07 (1.02-1.12), RRHF: 1.08 (1.05-1.12)) in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. There were clear indications for non-linear dose-response relationships between whole grains, fruits, nuts, dairy, and red meat and CHD.Conclusion: An optimal intake of whole grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, dairy, fish, red and processed meat, eggs and SSB showed an important lower risk of CHD, stroke, and HF.
Incidence of Endemic Diseases in Dairy Herds in Burdur, Konya, and Kirklareli Provinces in Turkey; A prospective longitudinal observation study was carried out with 150 randomly selected dairy herds from among 1684 Turkish Dairy Breeding Association (TDBA) herds in Burdur, Konya, and Kirklareli provinces. The herds were stratified as small scale (less than 11 milking cows) and medium-large scale ( more than 10 milking cows). The survey was conducted between October 2003 and September 2004, and each herd was visited at least once per month. As the weighted average of 3 provinces, the most frequent events were fertility disorders (30.2%) and udder diseases (28.3%), followed by puerperal disorders (18.3%) and locomotor system disorders (10.0%). There was, however, wide variation in the incidence rates of several diseases between the provinces, and the differences in the incidence rates of most of the disease categories between the provinces were statistically significant at P < 0.05. Incidence rates for diseases in all disease categories were higher in small-scale herds than in medium-large scale herds; however, the differences in the incidence rates of metabolic and locomotor system disorders between herd sizes were not statistically significant at P < 0.05.
Association of ionophores, yeast, and bacterial probiotics alters the abundance of ruminal microbial species of pasture intensively finished beef cattle; The effect of the association of non-protein nitrogen, yeast, and bacterial probiotics on the ruminal microbiome of beef cattle intensively finished on pasture was evaluated. The experiment was carried out in a completely randomized design with five treatments and four replications. The treatments consisted of a group of animals kept on pasture that received low consumption supplementation (LS) and four groups that received for 98 days, 17.5 g concentrate kg(-1) body weight. The supplements were composed of the association of additives: urea (U), slow-release non-protein nitrogen (U+SRN), yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae; U+SRN+Y), and bacterial probiotics (live strains of bacteria; U+SRN+Y+BP). All supplements also contained salinomycin and virginiamycin. After slaughtering the animals, samples of ruminal content were collected to quantify groups of fibrolytic bacteria (Ruminococcus albus and Fibrobacter succinogenes), non-fibrolytic (Prevotella ruminicola, Selenomonas ruminantium, and Streptococcus bovis), Archaea, and ciliate protozoa, using the qPCR technique. The abundance of F. succinogenes was the same for the LS animals and those that received the supplement U+SRN+Y (1.42x10(8) copies mL(-1)) but higher than the other treatments. Supplementation reduced by 90% the abundance of S. bovis compared to the LS. The inclusion of yeast increased the abundance of fibrolytic bacteria by 2.2-fold. For animals that received the supplement U+SRN+Y+BP and the LS, there was no difference for non-fibrolytic bacteria (3.07x10(9) copies mL(-1)). The use of yeasts and sources of non-protein nitrogen in high-concentrate diets for beef cattle stimulates the growth of fibrolytic bacteria, which can contribute to the reduction of digestive disorders and metabolic diseases in animals that receive diets with high concentrate in pasture intensive termination systems.
Efficacy and safety results of micellar water, cream and serum for rosacea in comparison to a control group; Background Rosacea is a common inflammatory skin disorder with centrofacial erythema, flushing, telangiectasia, papules/pustules, and possible ocular or phymatous manifestation. Patients' skin is particularly sensitive to chemical and physical stimuli leading to burning, stinging, dryness, and skin tightness. Objective Dermatological evaluation of the efficacy and safety of skin care products designed for centrofacial erythema in rosacea patients, in comparison with a control group using objective measurements. Rosacea symptoms (itching, tension, warmth, burning, dryness) and quality of life were examined. Methods Sixty Caucasians with centrofacial erythema were enrolled in an 8-week prospective study, fifty of them exclusively using the study products (micellar water, cream, and serum) with ten participants randomly assigned to a control group. Patients were evaluated at baseline (V0), at 4 weeks (V1), and at 8 weeks (V2). Three-dimensional objective measurements (VECTRA(R)) as well as standardized questionnaires were used. Results Results were compared with the control group. A significant reduction of 16% in skin redness as indicated by VECTRA(R)analysis was seen in the intervention group comparing V0-V2. Furthermore, rosacea-associated symptoms diminished by 57.1%, while life quality of affected patients within the intervention group improved by 54.5% comparing V0-V2, respectively. Conclusions A skin care regime suitable for sensitive and redness-prone skin led to an enhanced clinical appearance, to a decrease of associated symptoms in rosacea patients, and to an improved life quality.
Intermittent parenteral administration of endotoxin triggers metabolic and immunological alterations typically associated with displaced abomasum and retained placenta in periparturient dairy cows; This study sought to investigate the effects of induced intermittent endotoxemia on plasma mediators of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, humoral immunity, and clinical health status in periparturient dairy cows. Sixteen pregnant Holstein cows were blocked by parity and day of calving, and were randomly allocated to 1 of 2 different treatment groups. Eight cows were infused intravenously (i.v.) with 100 mL of sterile saline and served as the control group (CON). The other 8 cows were infused i.v. with 100 mL of sterile saline containing 3 increasing doses of lipopolysaccharide (LPS), from Escherichia coli 0111:B4, for 3 consecutive weeks during the 2 wk before and 1 wk after parturition as follows: (I) 0.01 mu g of LPS/kg of body weight (BW) on d -14 and -10; (2) 0.05 mu g of LPS/kg of BW on d -7 and -3; and (3) 0.1 mu g of LPS/kg of BW on d 3 and 7 postpartum. Nine blood samples were collected during the experimental period (i.e., from 14 to 28 d postpartum) and analyzed for calcium, zinc, iron, copper, glucose, lactate, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), cholesterol, insulin, cortisol, serum amyloid A (SAA), lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP), haptoglobin (Hp), and anti-LPS IgA, IgG, and IgM. Results showed that intermittently induced endotoxemia decreased feed intake and milk production and triggered alterations in plasma cholesterol, BHBA, Hp, Ca, Cu, and anti-LPS IgG and IgM. All of these changes were associated with a greater number of cows affected by metabolic disorders such as left displaced abomasum (LDA, 2 from 8 LPS cows vs. 0 from 8 CON cows) and retained placenta (RP; 4 from 8 LPS cows vs. 0 from 8 CON cows). In addition, the discriminant analysis differently clustered the cow responses within LPS group, each corresponding to LDA, RP, and the cows displaying no clinical health problems (LPS-NO). The stepwise selection procedure of the best discriminant variables revealed that plasma Ca and anti-LPS IgG, as well as glucose and cortisol, were the best discriminating variables for cows affected by LDA, whereas NEFA and cholesterol better discriminated for cows affected by RP. This analysis also revealed that the cluster of plasma variables including plasma Cu, SAA, BHBA, and anti-LPS IgA were the best discrimination for the LPS-NO group. In conclusion; our results indicate a role of endotoxemia, during the periparturient period, in development of metabolic and immune disturbances, as well as in the etiopathology of displaced abomasum and retained placenta in dairy cows.
A 25-Hydroxycholecalciferol-Fortified Dairy Drink Is More Effective at Raising a Marker of Postprandial Vitamin D Status than Cholecalciferol in Men with Suboptimal Vitamin D Status; Background: One strategy for improving population vitamin D status is consumption of fortified foods. However, the effects of dairy products fortified with different vitamin D isoforms on postprandial vitamin D status and metabolic outcomes have not been addressed. Objective: We investigated whether consumption of dairy drinks fortified with either 25-hydroxycholecalciferol [25(OH)D-3] or cholecalciferol (vitamin D-3) had differential effects on 24-h circulating plasma 25(OH)D-3 concentration (a marker of vitamin D status) and cardiometabolic risk markers. Methods: A randomized, controlled, 3-way crossover, double-blind, postprandial study was conducted in 17 men with suboptimal vitamin D status [mean +/- SEM age: 49 +/- 3 y; body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 26.4 +/- 0.6; and plasma 25(OH)D-3 concentration: 31.7 +/- 3.4 nmol/L]. They were randomly assigned to consume 3 different test meals (4.54 MJ, 51 g fat, 125 g carbohydrate, and 23 g protein), which contained either a nonfortified dairy drink (control), 20 mg 25(OH)D-3-fortified (+HyD(3)) dairy drink, or 20 mg vitamin D-3-fortified (+D-3) dairy drink with toasted bread and jam on different occasions, separated by a 2-wk washout. Plasma 25(OH)D-3 concentrations and cardiometabolic risk markers, including vascular stiffness, serum lipids, and inflammatory markers, were measured frequently within 8 h postprandially and 24 h after the dairy drink was consumed. Results: Plasma 25(OH)D-3 concentrations (the primary outcome) were significantly higher after the +HyD(3) dairy drink was consumed compared with +D-3 and control (P = 0.019), which was reflected in the 1.5-fold and 1.8-fold greater incremental area under the curve for the 0-8 h response, respectively. The change in plasma 25(OH)D-3 concentrations from baseline to 24 h for the +HyD(3) dairy drink was also 0.9-fold higher than the +D-3 dairy drink and 4.4-fold higher than the control (P < 0.0001), which were not significantly different from each other. Conclusion: The dairy drink fortified with 25(OH)D-3 was more effective at raising plasma 25(OH)D-3 concentrations postprandially than was the dairy drink fortified with vitamin D-3 in men with suboptimal vitamin D status. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02535910.
Once-Daily Polymeric Tazarotene 0.045% Lotion for Moderate-to-Severe Acne: Pooled Phase 3 Analysis by Sex; Background: Two identical phase 3 randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled, 12-week studies (NCT03168321 and NCT03168334) demonstrated the efficacy and safety of tazarotene 0.045% lotion in participants with moderate-to-severe acne. Data from these studies were pooled and analyzed post hoc to evaluate outcomes by sex. Methods: Patients aged >= 9 years with moderate-to-severe acne (score 3 or 4 on the Evaluator's Global Severity Score [EGSS]) were randomized (1:1) to once-daily tazarotene 0.045% lotion or vehicle lotion for 12 weeks. Outcomes comprised inflammatory/noninflammatory lesion counts, treatment success (proportion of participants achieving >= 2-grade reduction from baseline in EGSS and score of 0 ["clear"] or 1 ["almost clear"]), and treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Results: A total of 1,064 females and 550 males were included in this analysis. For both sexes, least-squares mean percent changes from baseline to week 12 in lesion counts were significantly greater with tazarotene 0.045% lotion versus vehicle (inflammatory: females, -60.1% vs -52.1%; males, -53.6% vs -39.8%; noninflammatory: females, -57.6% vs -44.9%; males, -52.9% vs -36.5%; P<0.001, all). The percentage of participants achieving treatment success at week 12 was also significantly higher with tazarotene 0.045% lotion versus vehicle in females and males (P<0.001, both). Compared with tazarotene-treated males, tazarotene-treated females had significantly greater changes from baseline in inflammatory and noninflammatory lesions and a greater proportion achieved treatment success at week 12 (P<0.05, all). TEAE rates were similar between tazarotene- and vehicle-treated males; rates were higher for tazarotene-treated females than vehicle-treated females. Conclusions: Tazarotene 0.045% lotion was efficacious and well tolerated in the treatment of moderate-to-severe acne in female and male participants.
Treatment of atopic dermatitis with ruxolitinib cream (JAKI/JAK2 inhibitor) or triamcinolone cream; Background: Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a highly pruritic chronic inflammatory skin disorder. Ruxolitinib, a selective inhibitor of Janus kinase 1 and Janus kinase 2, potently suppresses cytokine signaling involved in AD pathogenesis. Objective: We sought to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib (RUX) cream in adults with AD. Methods: In this phase 2 study (NCT03011892), 307 adult patients with AD, an Investigator's Global Assessment score of 2 or 3 (mild or moderate), and 3% to 20% affected body surface area were equally randomized for 8 weeks of double-blind treatment to RUX (1.5% twice daily [BID], 1.5% once daily [QD], 0.5% QD, 0.15% QD), vehicle, or triamcinolone cream (0.1% BID for 4 weeks, then vehicle for 4 weeks). Subsequently, patients could apply 1.5% RUX BID for 4 additional weeks of open-label treatment. The primary end point was the comparison between 1.5% RUX cream BID and vehicle in mean percentage change from baseline in Eczema Area and Severity Index at week 4. Results: All RUX regimens demonstrated therapeutic benefit at week 4; 1.5% BID provided the greatest improvement in Eczema Area and Severity Index (71.6% vs 15.5%; P <.0001) and Investigator's Global Assessment responses (38.0% vs 7.7%; P <.001) versus vehicle. Rapid reductions in the itch numerical rating scale score occurred within 36 hours (1.5% BID vs vehicle, 1.8 vs 0.2; P <.0001) and were sustained through 12 weeks. Patients who transitioned to 1.5% RUX BID improved in all measures. RUX was not associated with clinically significant application-site reactions. Conclusions: RUX cream provided rapid and sustained improvements in AD symptoms and was well tolerated.
Pimecrolimus 1% Cream in the Treatment of Cutaneous Lesions of Pemphigus Vulgaris: A Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Pemphigus vulgaris (PV) is a chronic, bullous disorder that is usually characterized by the presence of bulla and erosion on the skin and mucosa. Many studies on PV focus on the use of topical non-steroid agents. One of these agents is pimecrolimus; its efficacy is established in some inflammatory and autoimmune disorders such as oral and genital lichen planus. Patients, Materials and Methods: This was a double-blind study that was performed in 11 patients with confirmed diagnosis of PV. Patients under treatment with systemic steroid and azathioprine who had bilateral symmetrical oral lesions were selected and right- or left-sided lesions of those identified were randomized to be treated either by pimecrolimus 1% cream or placebo. The largest diameter of lesions was measured at the baseline and every 15 days for two times. Epithelization Index (EI) was calculated and data were analyzed with a program for statistical analysis. Results: Overall, 11 patients (62 cutaneous lesions; 31 lesions in the pimecrolimus group and 31 lesions in the placebo group) with cutaneous lesions of the pemphigus vulgaris were included in this study. At the end of day 15, there was significant difference regarding El between the pimecrolimus and placebo groups. In addition, EI was significantly different at the end of study (day 30) in favor of pimecrolimus group (P=0.000). Conclusion: Pimecrolimus can be used as an effective and safe adjunctive treatment for cutaneous lesions of pemphigus vulgaris.
Genetic analyses of blood β-hydroxybutyrate predicted from milk infrared spectra and its association with longevity and female reproductive traits in Holstein cattle; Ketosis is one of the most prevalent and complex metabolic disorders in high-producing dairy cows and usually detected through analyses of ss-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) concentration in blood. Our main objectives were to evaluate genetic parameters for blood BHB predicted based on Fourier-transform mid-infrared spectra from 5 to 305 d in milk, and estimate the genetic relationships of blood BHB with 7 reproduction traits and 6 longevity traits in Holstein cattle. Predicted blood BHB records of 11,609 Holstein cows (after quality control) were collected from 2016 to 2019 and used to derive 4 traits based on parity number, including predicted blood BHB in all parities (BHBp), parity 1 (BHB1), parity 2 (BHB2), and parity 3+ (BHB3). Single- and multitrait repeatability models were used for estimating genetic parameters for the 4 BHB traits. Random regression test-day models implemented via Bayesian inference were used to evaluate the daily genetic feature of BHB variability. In addition, genetic correlations were calculated for the 4 BHB traits with reproduction and longevity traits. The heritability estimates of BHBp, BHB1, BHB2, and BHB3 ranged from 0.100 +/- 0.026 (+/- standard error) to 0.131 +/- 0.023. The BHB in parities 1 to 3+ were highly genetically correlated and ranged from 0.788 (BHB1 and BHB2) to 0.911 (BHB1 and BHB3). The daily heritability of BHBp ranged from 0.069 to 0.195, higher for the early and lower for the later lactation periods. A similar trend was observed for BHB1, BHB2, and BHB3. There are low direct genetic correlations between BHBp and selected reproductive performance and longevity traits, which ranged from -0.168 +/- 0.019 (BHBp and production life) to 0.157 +/- 0.019 (BHBp and age at first calving) for the early lactation stage (5 to 65 d). These direct genetic correlations indicate that cows with higher BHBp (greater likelihood of having ketosis) in blood usually have shorter production life (-0.168 +/- 0.019). Cows with higher fertility and postpartum recovery, such as younger age at first calving (0.157 +/- 0.019) and shorter interval from calving to first insemination in heifer (0.111 +/- 0.006), usually have lower BHB concentration in the blood. Furthermore, the direct genetic correlations change across parity and lactation stage. In general, our results suggest that selection for lower predicted BHB in early lactation could be an efficient strategy for reducing the incidence of ketosis as well as indirectly improving reproductive and longevity performance in Holstein cattle.
Effects of maintaining eucalcemia following immunoactivation in lactating Holstein dairy cows; Periparturient hypocalcemia is a common metabolic disorder and it is ostensibly associated with negative health and production outcomes. Acute infection also markedly decreases circulating Ca, but the reasons for and consequences of it on physiological and immuno-logical parameters are unknown. Objectives were to evaluate the effects of maintaining eucalcemia on pro-duction, metabolic, and immune variables following an intravenous lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge. Twelve multiparous lactating Holstein cows (717 +/- 20 kg of body weight; 176 +/- 34 d in milk; parity 3 +/- 0.2) were enrolled in a study containing 2 experimental periods (P); during P1 (3 d), cows consumed feed ad libitum and baseline values were obtained. At the initiation of P2 (4 d), cows were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treat-ments: (1) LPS administered (LPS-Con; 0.5 mu g/kg of body weight LPS; n = 6) or (2) LPS administered + eucalcemic clamp (LPS-Ca; 0.5 mu g/kg of body weight LPS; Ca infusion; n = 6). Cows were fasted for the first 12 h during P2. After LPS administration, ionized Ca was determined every 15 min for 6 h and every 30 min for an additional 6 h and intravenous Ca infusion was adjusted in LPS-Ca cows to maintain eucalcemia. Blood ionized Ca was decreased 23% for the first 12 h postbolus in LPS-Con cows, and by design, Ca infusion prevented hypocalcemia. To maintain eucalcemia for the 12 h, 13.7 g of Ca was infused. The total Ca deficit (including Ca not secreted into milk) accumulated over the 12 h was 10.4 and 20.2 g for the LPS-Con and LPS-Ca treatments, respectively. Mild hyperthermia (0.8 degrees C) occurred for similar to 6 h post-LPS administration relative to P1. From 6 to 7 h postbolus rectal temperature from LPS-Ca cows was increased (0.6 degrees C) relative to LPS-Con cows. On d 1 of P2, milk yield decreased (61%) in both treatments relative to P1. Relative to LPS-Con cows, milk yield decreased (15%) in LPS-Ca cows during P2. Overall, circulating LPS-binding protein continuously increased postbolus, and at 24 h LPS-binding protein levels in LPS-Ca cows were increased (80%) relative to LPS-Con cows. During P2, serum amyloid A increased (4-fold) in both treatments relative to P1. Administer-ing LPS initially decreased circulating neutrophils, then cell counts progressively increased with time. Calcium infusion decreased neutrophil counts (40%) from 9 to 12 h postbolus relative to LPS-Con cows. Neutrophil function, as assessed by oxidative burst and myeloper-oxidase production, did not differ due to treatment. In summary, maintaining eucalcemia (via intravenous Ca infusion) during an immune challenge appeared to intensify inflammation and adversely affect lactation performance.
Recent Advances in Pharmacotherapeutic Paradigm of Mild to Recalcitrant Atopic Dermatitis; Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a common, chronic skin inflammatory disorder characterized by perivascular infiltration of immunoglobulin E (IgE), T lymphocytes, and mast cells. The key factors responsible for the pathophysiology of this disease are immunological disorders and defects in epidermal barrier properties. Pruritus, intense itching, psychological stress, deprived physical and mental performance, and sleep disturbance are the hallmark features of this dermatological disorder. Preventive interventions such as educational programs, avoidance of allergens, and exclusive care toward the skin could play a partial role in suppressing the symptoms. Based on the available clinical evidence, topical corticosteroids (TCs) are among the most commonly prescribed agents; however, these should be selected with care. In cases of steroid phobia, persistent adverse effects or chronic use, topical calcineurin inhibitors can be considered as a promising adjunct to TCs. Recent advances in the pharmacotherapeutic paradigm of atopic diseases exploring the therapeutic dominance of nanocarrier-mediated delivery is also discussed in this evidence-based review with regard to the treatment of AD. The present review summarizes the available clinical evidence, highlighting the current and emerging trends in the treatment of AD and providing evidence-based recommendations for the clinicians and health care professionals. Available evidence for the management of pediatric and adult atopic dermatitis (AD; atopic eczema) of all severities is explored. The management of other types of dermatitis, such as irritant contact dermatitis, seborrheic dermatitis, neurodermatitis, perioral dermatitis, stasis dermatitis, and allergic contact dermatitis are outside the scope of current review article. The presented studies were appraised using a unified system called the "Strength of Recommendation Taxonomy (SORT)," which was developed by the editors of several US family medicine and primary care journals (i.e., American Family Physician, Family Medicine, Journal of Family Practice, and BMJ USA).(1) The searched studies were graded using a 3-point scale based on the quality of methodology (e.g., randomized control trial, case control series, clinical cohort studies, case series, etc.) and key emphasis of the trial (i.e., diagnosis, treatment/prevention/ screening, or prognosis) as follows: I. Good-quality patient-oriented evidence (i.e., evidence assessing consequences that matter to patients: mortality, morbidity, improvement in signs and symptom, quality of life, and socioeconomic factors); II. Limited-quality patient-oriented evidence; and III. Other evidence such as consensus guidelines, expert opinion, case control trial, or disease- related information. Recommendations for nonpharmacological and pharmacological approaches were established based on the best available evidence and are graded as follows: A. Recommendations based on consistent and good-quality patient-oriented evidence; B. Recommendations based on inconsistent or limited-quality patient-oriented evidence; and C. Recommendations based on consensus, expert opinion, case control evidence, or disease- related information.
Rumen-protected glucose supplementation alters fecal microbiota and its metabolic profiles in early lactation dairy cows; IntroductionNegative energy balance (NEB) is the pathological basis of metabolic disorders in early lactation dairy cows. Rumen-protected glucose (RPG) is a feed additive to relieve NEB of cows in early lactation. The aims of the current study were to evaluate the impact of different doses of RPG supply on fecal microbiota and metabolome in early lactation dairy cows, and their correlation with each other. MethodsA total of 24 multiparous Holstein dairy cows in early lactation were randomly assigned to one of four treatments for the first 35 days of the early lactation period, as follows: control group, a basal diet without RPG (CON); low RPG, a basal diet plus 200 g/d RPG (LRPG); medium RPG, a basal diet plus 350 g/d RPG (MRPG); or HRPG, high RPG, a basal diet plus 500 g/d RPG (HRPG). After 35 days, fecal samples were obtained from cows in all groups individually and using 16S rRNA gene sequencing to evaluate their microbiotas, while their metabolites were evaluated through metabolomics. ResultsAs expected, Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes were the core bacteria phyla. After RPG supplementation, there were an increase in Firmicutes and a decrease in Bacteroidetes. MRPG increased the relative abundance of cellulolytic bacteria, including Ruminococcaceae_UCG-005, Lachnospiraceae_UCG-008, Lachnospiraceae_FCS020_group, and Ruminiclostridium_9, while it decreased the relative abundance of Alistipes, Prevotellaceae_UCG-003, and Dorea. RPG supplementation could regulate the carbohydrate metabolism and amino acid metabolism pathway significantly and relieve lipolysis in dairy cows. Correlation analysis of fecal microbiome and metabolome showed that some major differential bacteria were the crucial contributors to differential metabolites. ConclusionIn conclusion, RPG supplementation can affect the fecal microbial components and microbial metabolism, and 350 g RPG might be the ideal dose as a daily supplement.
Dairy Product Consumption Has No Impact on Biomarkers of Inflammation among Men and Women with Low-Grade Systemic Inflammation; Background: Randomized controlled trials specifically designed to assess inflammation-related outcomes in response to dairy consumption are lacking. Objective: We investigated the impact of dairy food consumption on biomarkers of inflammation in healthy men and women with low-grade systemic inflammation. Methods: In a multicenter randomized crossover study, 112 adult men and women with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) values >1 mg/L consumed 3 servings/d of dairy (375 mL low-fat milk, 175 g low-fat yogurt, and 30 g regular-fat cheddar cheese) or energy-matched control (fruit juice, vegetable juice, cashews, and 1 cookie) products as part of prudent 4-wk diets, each separated by a 4- to 8-wk washout period. Serum concentrations of inflammation biomarkers were measured at the beginning and end of each dietary phase. Expression levels of key inflammatory genes and transcription factors in whole blood cells were assessed at the end of each diet by real-time polymerase chain reaction in a random subset of 53 subjects. Results: Analysis of within-diet changes (post- vs. prediet values) showed a significant reduction in hs-CRP concentrations after the control diet (-11.7%, P = 0.05) but no change after the dairy diet (-7.3%, P = 0.47). As a result, changes in hs-CRP differed between the dairy and control diets (P = 0.04). Both the control and dairy diets similarly reduced interleukin-6 concentrations compared with diet-specific baseline values (-17.6% and -19.9%, respectively; P < 0.0001 for both, P = 0.77 for between-diet comparison). No between- or within-diet difference was observed in adiponectin concentrations, and there was also no between-diet difference in the expression of inflammatory genes and transcription factors. Conclusion: Consistent with data from previous work, these results suggest that short-term consumption of a combination of low- and high-fat dairy products as part of a healthy diet has no adverse effects on inflammation. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01444326.
Validating the Use of Bovine Buccal Sampling as a Proxy for the Rumen Microbiota by Using a Time Course and Random Forest Classification Approach; Analysis of the cow microbiome, as well as host genetic influences on the establishment and colonization of the rumen microbiota, is critical for development of strategies to manipulate ruminal function toward more efficient and environmentally friendly milk production. To this end, the development and validation of noninvasive methods to sample the rumen microbiota at a large scale are required. In this study, we further optimized the analysis of buccal swab samples as a proxy for direct bacterial samples of the rumen of dairy cows. To identify an optimal time for sampling, we collected buccal swab and rumen samples at six different time points relative to animal feeding. We then evaluated several biases in these samples using a machine learning classifier (random forest) to select taxa that discriminate between buccal swab and rumen samples. Differences in the inverse Simpson's diversity, Shannon's evenness, and Bray-Curtis dissimilarities between methods were significantly less apparent when sampling was performed prior to morning feeding (P < 0.05), suggesting that this time point was optimal for representative sampling. In addition, the random forest classifier was able to accurately identify nonrumen taxa, including 10 oral and putative feed-associated taxa. Two highly prevalent (>60%) taxa in buccal and rumen samples had significant variance in relative abundances between sampling methods but could be qualitatively assessed via regular buccal swab sampling. This work not only provides new insights into the oral community of ruminants but also further validates and refines buccal swabbing as a method to assess the rumen bacterial in large herds. IMPORTANCE The gastrointestinal tracts of ruminants harbor a diverse microbial community that coevolved symbiotically with the host, influencing its nutrition, health, and performance. While the influence of environmental factors on rumen microbes is well documented, the process by which host genetics influences the establishment and colonization of the rumen microbiota still needs to be elucidated. This knowledge gap is due largely to our inability to easily sample the rumen microbiota. There are three common methods for rumen sampling but all of them present at least one disadvantage, including animal welfare, sample quality, labor, and scalability. The development and validation of noninvasive methods, such as buccal swabbing, for large-scale rumen sampling is needed to support studies that require large sample sizes to generate reliable results. The validation of buccal swabbing will also support the development of molecular tools for the early diagnosis of metabolic disorders associated with microbial changes in large herds.
Environmental interventions to reduce the consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages and their effects on health; Background Frequent consumption of excess amounts of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB) is a risk factor for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and dental caries. Environmental interventions, i.e. interventions that alter the physical or social environment in which individuals make beverage choices, have been advocated as a means to reduce the consumption of SSB. Objectives To assess the effects of environmental interventions (excluding taxation) on the consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages and sugar-sweetened milk, diet-related anthropometric measures and health outcomes, and on any reported unintended consequences or adverse outcomes. Search methods We searched 11 general, specialist and regional databases from inception to 24 January 2018. We also searched trial registers, reference lists and citations, scanned websites of relevant organisations, and contacted study authors. Selection criteria We included studies on interventions implemented at an environmental level, reporting effects on direct or indirect measures of SSB intake, diet-related anthropometric measures and health outcomes, or any reported adverse outcome. We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), non-randomised controlled trials (NRCTs), controlled before-after (CBA) and interrupted-time-series (ITS) studies, implemented in real-world settings with a combined length of intervention and follow-up of at least 12 weeks and at least 20 individuals in each of the intervention and control groups. We excluded studies in which participants were administered SSB as part of clinical trials, and multicomponent interventions which did not report SSB-specific outcome data. We excluded studies on the taxation of SSB, as these are the subject of a separate Cochrane Review. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies for inclusion, extracted data and assessed the risks of bias of included studies. We classified interventions according to the NOURISHING framework, and synthesised results narratively and conducted meta-analyses for two outcomes relating to two intervention types. We assessed our confidence in the certainty of effect estimates with the GRADE framework as very low, low, moderate or high, and presented 'Summary of findings' tables. Main results We identified 14,488 unique records, and assessed 1030 in full text for eligibility. We found 58 studies meeting our inclusion criteria, including 22 RCTs, 3 NRCTs, 14 CBA studies, and 19 ITS studies, with a total of 1,180,096 participants. The median length of follow-up was 10 months. The studies included children, teenagers and adults, and were implemented in a variety of settings, including schools, retailing and food service establishments. We judged most studies to be at high or unclear risk of bias in at least one domain, and most studies used non-randomised designs. The studies examine a broad range of interventions, and we present results for these separately. Labelling interventions (8 studies): We found moderate-certainty evidence that traffic-light labelling is associated with decreasing sales of SSBs, and low-certainty evidence that nutritional rating score labelling is associated with decreasing sales of SSBs. For menu-board calorie labelling reported effects on SSB sales varied. Nutrition standards in public institutions (16 studies): We found low-certainty evidence that reduced availability of SSBs in schools is associated with decreased SSB consumption. We found very low-certainty evidence that improved availability of drinking water in schools and school fruit programmes are associated with decreased SSB consumption. Reported associations between improved availability of drinking water in schools and student body weight varied. Economic tools (7 studies): We found moderate-certainty evidence that price increases on SSBs are associated with decreasing SSB sales. For price discounts on low-calorie beverages reported effects on SSB sales varied. Whole food supply interventions (3 studies): Reported associations between voluntary industry initiatives to improve the whole food supply and SSB sales varied. Retail and food service interventions (7 studies): We found low-certainty evidence that healthier default beverages in children's menus in chain restaurants are associated with decreasing SSB sales, and moderate-certainty evidence that in-store promotion of healthier beverages in supermarkets is associated with decreasing SSB sales. We found very low-certainty evidence that urban planning restrictions on new fast-food restaurants and restrictions on the number of stores selling SSBs in remote communities are associated with decreasing SSB sales. Reported associations between promotion of healthier beverages in vending machines and SSB intake or sales varied. Intersectoral approaches (8 studies): We found moderate-certainty evidence that government food benefit programmes with restrictions on purchasing SSBs are associated with decreased SSB intake. For unrestricted food benefit programmes reported effects varied. We found moderate-certainty evidence that multicomponent community campaigns focused on SSBs are associated with decreasing SSB sales. Reported associations between trade and investment liberalisation and SSB sales varied. Home-based interventions (7 studies): We found moderate-certainty evidence that improved availability of low-calorie beverages in the home environment is associated with decreased SSB intake, and high-certainty evidence that it is associated with decreased body weight among adolescents with overweight or obesity and a high baseline consumption of SSBs. Adverse outcomes reported by studies, which may occur in some circumstances, included negative effects on revenue, compensatory SSB consumption outside school when the availability of SSBs in schools is reduced, reduced milk intake, stakeholder discontent, and increased total energy content of grocery purchases with price discounts on low-calorie beverages, among others. The certainty of evidence on adverse outcomes was low to very low for most outcomes. We analysed interventions targeting sugar-sweetened milk separately, and found low- to moderate-certainty evidence that emoticon labelling and small prizes for the selection of healthier beverages in elementary school cafeterias are associated with decreased consumption of sugar-sweetened milk. We found low-certainty evidence that improved placement of plain milk in school cafeterias is not associated with decreasing sugar-sweetened milk consumption. Authors' conclusions The evidence included in this review indicates that effective, scalable interventions addressing SSB consumption at a population level exist. Implementation should be accompanied by high-quality evaluations using appropriate study designs, with a particular focus on the long-term effects of approaches suitable for large-scale implementation.
Physically effective neutral detergent fiber improves chewing activity, rumen fermentation, plasma metabolites, and milk production in lactating dairy cows fed a high-concentrate diet; Subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) continues to be a common and costly metabolic disorder in high-producing dairy cows worldwide. The objective of this study was to evaluate if increasing the concentration of physically effective neutral detergent fiber (peNDF) in diets can reduce the risk of SARA in cows fed a high-concentrate diet. Thirty second-parity Holstein cows in mid lactation (131 +/- 8.3 d in milk) were randomly allocated to 3 dietary treatments (10 dairy cows per group): high (11.3%, high peNDF(8.0)), medium (10.6%, medium peNDF(8.0)), or low (9.0%, low peNDF(8.0)) concentration of peNDF(8.0). The diets were prepared by mixing the same total mixed ration (57% concentrate and 43% roughages) for 10, 18, or 60 min, respectively. The treatments were fed for 36 d with 21 d for adaptation and 15 d for sampling. The peNDF(8.0) intake was positively correlated with the peNDF(8.0) concentration. Chewing and ruminating times adjusted for dry matter intake and NDF intake were linearly increased with the increased dietary peNDF(8.0) concentration. The high peNDF(8.0) diet decreased the number of meals per day. The increased dietary peNDF(8.0) concentration linearly increased the rumen fluid pH, the molar percentage of acetate and isobutyrate, acetate-to-propionate ratio, and ammonia nitrogen concentration, but linearly decreased the molar percentages of propionate and valerate. The total VFA concentration and the molar percentages of butyrate and isovalerate remained unchanged. Meanwhile, the increase in the peNDF(8.0) concentration of the diet linearly increased the activities of carboxymethyl cellulase, avicelase, beta-glucanase, and ferulic acid esterase in rumen fluid, but did not affect the activities of xylanase. Total plasma antioxidant capacity, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity, and plasma concentrations of total protein, albumin, creatinine, and malondialdehyde were linearly decreased by the increased dietary peNDF(8.0) concentration. The increase in peNDF(8.0) concentration raised the plasma concentrations of glucose, triglyceride, cholesterol, and blood urea nitrogen. Somatic cell counts in the milk were positively correlated with the dietary peNDF(8.0) concentration. The feed and milk energy efficiencies were unaffected by the treatments. Shortening the total mixed ration mixing time may be a practical strategy to increase the peNDF(8.0) concentration and reduce the risk of SARA in dairy cows fed high-concentrate diets.
Differences between dairy cows descending from artificial insemination bulls vs. dairy cows descending from natural service bulls on organic farms in Switzerland; This study investigated differences between phenotypes of daughters of artificial insemination (AI)-bulls and daughters of natural service (NS)-bulls, respectively, on organic dairy farms in Switzerland. Organic rules recommend the use of natural mating. Therefore it is of interest whether those two groups of phenotypes show different characteristics on organic farms. Only farms using both AI and NS with sires of the same dairy breed as the inseminated cows were included in the study. First lactations of 594 cows from 29 farms were analysed for daily milk yield (DMY), somatic cell score (SCS), and calving interval (CI). Furthermore, veterinary treatments and fat/protein ratios >1.5 and <1.1 in milk samples during the first 100 days of lactation indicating risks for metabolic disorders were investigated. General linear models and-for binary variables-logistic regression models were calculated to explore differences in health parameters and DMY. Service method (AI or NS) and DMY (except when DMY was the target variable) were included in the models as fixed effects and farms as random effects. Distances between farms where the bulls had been bred and farms where their daughters lived were calculated with a common route planning tool. Additionally it was examined whether the bull's farm of origin was organic or not. Dairy cows descending from NS-bulls showed a lower SCS and tended to have shorter CI and a trend to lower DMY compared to cows descending from AI -bulls. No effects of service method on other health parameters were found. Around 70% of NS-bulls and 26% of AI-bulls had been bred in the same regions (<100 km distance) as their daughters. No NS-bull, but 35% of AI-bulls came from abroad (>= 300 km within Switzerland or from another country). 1.8% of AI-bulls and 30.8% of NS-bulls had been bred on an organic farm. One explanation for the effects found in cows descending from NS-bulls might lie in their better adaptation to local conditions. However, effects of the service method and the bull's environment of origin cannot be distinguished and it cannot be excluded that the chosen NS bulls had incidentally higher genetic merits for CI and SCS than AI-bulls. Further research on differences between NS- and AI-bulls and also on genotype x environment-interactions between organic and conventional environments is necessary. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Tazarotene 0.045% Lotion for Moderate-to-Severe Acne Patients: Pooled Phase 3 Analysis by Age and Sex; Background: Two identical phase 3 trials (NCT03168321 and NCT03168334) and pooled post hoc analyses have established efficacy and safety of a polymeric tazarotene 0.045% lotion formulation in patients with moderate-to-severe acne. Presented here are post hoc analyses that further examine efficacy and safety of tazarotene 0.045% lotion by age and sex. Methods: Patients aged >= 9 years with moderate-to-severe acne (score 3 or 4 on the Evaluator's Global Severity Score [EGSSI) were equally randomized to once-daily tazarotene 0.045% lotion or vehicle lotion for 12 weeks. Efficacy outcomes included inflammatory/noninflammatory lesion counts and treatment success (proportion of participants achieving >= 2-grade reduction from baseline in EGSS and score of 0 [clear] or 1 [almost clear]). Adolescent and adult females (n=1,013) and males (n=529) were subdivided into 3 age groups: 13-19, 20-29, and >= 30 years. Results: At week 12, large least-squares mean percent reductions in inflammatory and noninflammatory lesions were observed across all 3 tazarotene-treated age groups in males and females (range, -50.2% to -64.8%). Treatment success rates ranged from 23.6% to 38.4%. Across all efficacy assessments, significant differences between tazarotene and vehicle (P<0.05) were generally observed in the younger male and female participants (13-19 and 20-29). No notable age-related patterns were found for safety outcomes, though tazarotene-treated males of all age groups reported fewer adverse events than females. Conclusions: Tazarotene 0.045% lotion is efficacious and well tolerated in female and male adolescents and adults with moderate-to-severe acne.
Allele specific-PCR and melting curve analysis showed relatively high frequency of β-<i>casein</i> gene A1 allele in Iranian Holstein, Simmental and native cows; There are two allelic forms of A1 and A2 of beta-casein gene in dairy cattle. Proteolytic digestion of bovine beta-casein A1 type produces bioactive peptide of beta-casomorphin-7 known as milk devil. beta-casomorphin-7 causes many diseases, including type 1 diabetes, cardiovascular disease syndrome, sudden death and madness. The aim of the present study was to determine the different allelic forms of beta-casein gene in Iranian Holstein, Simmental and native cattle in order to identify A1 and A2 variants. The blood samples were collected randomly and DNA was extracted using modified salting out method. An 854 bp fragment including part of exon 7 and part of intron 6 of beta-casein gene was amplified by allele specific polymerase chain reaction (AS-PCR). Also, the accuracy of AS-PCR genotyping has been confirmed by melting temperature curve analysis using Real-time PCR machinery. The comparison of observed allele and genotype frequency among the studied breeds was performed using the Fisher exact and Chi-squared test, respectively by SAS program. Obtained results showed the A1 allele frequencies of 50, 51.57, 54.5, 49.4 and 46.6% in Holstein, Simmental, Sistani, Taleshi and Mazandarani cattle populations, respectively. The chi-square test was shown that no any populations were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium for studied marker locus. Comparison and analysis of the test results for allelic frequency showed no any significant differences between breeds (P>0.05). The frequency of observed genotypes only differs significantly between Holstein and Taleshi breeds but no any statistically significant differences were found for other breeds (P>0.05). A relatively high frequency of beta-casein A1 allele was observed in Iranian native cattle. Therefore, determine the genotypes and preference alleles A2 in these native and commercial cattle is recommended.
Efficacy of Pseudo-Ceramide-Containing Steroid Lamellar Cream in Patients with Mild to Moderate Atopic Dermatitis: A Randomized, Double-Blind Study; Introduction Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder involving decreased barrier function of the stratum corneum. This decrease, caused by a reduction in ceramide, the primary component of intercellular lipids in the stratum corneum, leads to a disturbance in the lamellar structure. Methods We developed a formulation (test cream) containing a steroid and synthetic pseudo-ceramide (SLE: N-(3-hexadecyloxy-2-hydroxypropyl)-N-2-hydroxyethyl hexadecanamide) that forms a lamellar structure on the skin after its application and drying. The formulation or control cream (a formulation containing a steroid but not pseudo-ceramide that does not form a lamellar structure) was applied twice daily for 2 weeks to the lesional area of 34 participants with mild to moderate AD symptoms. Results The test cream showed a periodic structure with an interface space of approximately 8.2 nm in transmission electron microscopy and small- and wide-angle X-ray scattering, similar to the lamellar structure in the human stratum corneum. In the double-blind test, the anti-inflammatory effects of the test cream (n = 17) were comparable to those of the control cream (n = 17). In the test cream group, a significant increase in the stratum corneum moisture content (p < 0.01) and significant decrease in transepidermal water loss (p < 0.05) were observed at weeks 1 and 2 after application compared with those before application. No such change was observed in the control group. Conclusion The results indicate that, even with a relatively short application period of 2 weeks, the test cream not only suppressed inflammation of the lesional area, but also improved the inherent barrier function of the stratum corneum, suggesting its potential as a treatment option for patients with AD.
The scale of the evidence base on the health effects of conventional yogurt consumption: findings of a scoping review; Background: The health effects of conventional yogurt have been investigated for over a century; however, few systematic reviews have been conducted to assess the extent of the health benefits of yogurt. Objective: The aim of this scoping review was to assess the volume of available evidence on the health effects of conventional yogurt. Methods: The review was guided by a protocol agreed a priori and informed by an extensive literature search conducted in November 2013. Randomized controlled trials were selected and categorized according to the eligibility criteria established in the protocol. Results: 213 studies were identified as relevant to the scoping question. The number of eligible studies identified for each outcome were: bone health (14 studies), weight management and nutrition related health outcomes (81 studies), metabolic health (6 studies); cardiovascular health (57 studies); gastrointestinal health (24 studies); cancer (39 studies); diabetes (13 studies), Parkinson's disease risk (3 studies), all-cause mortality (3 studies), skin complaints (3 studies), respiratory complaints (3 studies), joint pain/function (2 studies); the remaining 8 studies reported a variety of other outcomes. For studies of a similar design and which assessed the same outcomes in similar population groups, we report the potential for the combining of data across studies in systematic reviews. Conclusions: This scoping review has revealed the extensive evidence base for many outcomes which could be the focus of systematic reviews exploring the health effects of conventional yogurt consumption.
Whole transcriptome analysis of RNA expression profiles reveals the potential regulating action of long noncoding RNA in lactating cows fed a high concentrate diet; Subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) is a common metabolic disease in the dairy farming industry which is usually caused by an excessive amount of high concentrate diet. SARA not only threatens animal welfare but also leads to economic losses in the farming industry. The liver plays an important role in the distribution of nutritional substances and metabolism; however, a high concentrate diet can cause hepatic metabolic disorders and liver injury. Recently, noncoding RNA has been considered as a critical regulator of hepatic disease, however, its role in the bovine liver is limited. In this study, 12 mid-lactating dairy cows were randomly assigned to a control (CON) group (40% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6) and a SARA group (60% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6). After 21 d of treatment, all cows were sacrificed, and liver tissue samples were collected. Three dairy cows were randomly selected from the CON and SARA groups respectively to perform whole transcriptome analysis. More than 20,000 messenger RNA (mRNA), 10,000 long noncoding RNA (lncRNA), 3,500 circular RNA (circRNA) and 1,000 micro RNA (miRNA) were identified. Furthermore, 43 mRNA, 121 lncRNA and 3 miRNA were differentially expressed, whereas no obvious differentially expressed circRNA were detected between the 2 groups. Gene Ontology (GO) annotation revealed that the differentially expressed genes were mainly enriched in oxidoreductase activity, stress, metabolism, the immune response, cell apoptosis, and cell proliferation. Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) enrichment analysis showed that the deferentially expressed genes were highly enriched in the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K)-serine/threonine kinase (AKT) signaling pathway (P < 0.05). According to KEGG pathway analysis, the differentially expressed lncRNA (DElncRNA) target genes were mainly related to proteasomes, peroxisomes, and the hypoxia-inducible factor-1 signaling pathway (P < 0.005). Further bioinformatics and integrative analyses revealed that the lncRNA were strongly correlated with mRNA; therefore, it is reasonable to speculate that lncRNA potentially play important roles in the liver dysfunction induced by SARA. Our study provides a valuable resource for future investigations on the mechanisms of SARA to facilitate an understanding of the importance of lncRNA, and offer functional RNA information. (c) 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC
The effects of prepartum energy intake and peripartum rumen-protected choline supplementation on hepatic genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism; Nutritional interventions, either by controlling dietary energy (DE) or supplementing rumen-protected choline (RPC) or both, may mitigate negative postpartum metabolic health outcomes. A companion paper previously reported the effects of DE density and RPC supplementation on production and health outcomes. The objective of this study was to examine the effects of DE and RPC supplementation on the expression of hepatic oxidative, gluconeogenic, and lipid transport genes during the periparturient period. At 47 +/- 6 d relative to calving (DRTC), 93 multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned in groups to dietary treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial of (1) excess energy (EXE) without RPC supplementation (1.63 Mcal of NEL/kg of dry matter; EXE-RPC); (2) maintenance energy (MNE) without RPC supplementation (1.40 Mcal of NEL/kg dry matter; MNE-RPC); (3) EXE with RPC supplementation (EXE+RPC); and (4) MNE with RPC supplementation (MNE+RPC). To achieve the objective of this research, liver biopsy samples were collected at -14, +7, +14, and +21 DRTC and analyzed for mRNA expression (n = 16/treatment). The interaction of DE x RPC decreased glucose-6-phosphatase and increased peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha in MNE+RPC cows. Expression of cytosolic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase was altered by the interaction of dietary treatments with reduced expression in EXE+RPC cows. A dietary treatment interaction was detected for expression of pyruvate carboxylase although means were not separated. Dietary treatment interactions did not alter expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A or microsomal triglyceride transfer protein. The 3-way interaction of DE x RPC x DRTC affected expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A, glucose-6-phosphatase, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and tended to affect cytosolic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase. Despite previously reported independent effects of DE and RPC on production variables, treatments interacted to influence hepatic metabolism through altered gene expression.
Effect of rumen-protected choline on performance, blood metabolites, and hepatic triacylglycerols of periparturient dairy cattle; The effects of a dietary supplement of rumen-protected choline on feed intake, milk yield, milk composition, blood metabolites, and hepatic triacylglycerol were evaluated in periparturient dairy cows. Thirty-eight multiparous cows were blocked into 19 pairs and then randomly allocated to either one of 2 treatments. The treatments were supplementation either with or without (control) rumen-protected choline. Treatments were applied from 3 wk before until 6 wk after calving. Both groups received the same basal diet, being a mixed feed of grass silage, corn silage, straw, and soybean meal, and a concentrate mixture delivered through transponder-controlled feed dispensers. For all cows, the concentrate mixture was gradually increased from 0 kg/day (wk -3) to 0.9 kg of dry matter (DM)/d (day of calving) and up to 8.1 kg of DM/d on d 17 postcalving until the end of the experiment. Additionally, a mixture of 60 g of a rumen-protected choline supplement (providing 14.4 g of choline) and of 540 g of soybean meal or a (isoenergetic) mixture of 18 g of palm oil and 582 g of soybean meal (control) was offered individually in feed dispensers. Individual feed intake, milk yield, and body weight were recorded daily. Milk samples were analyzed weekly for fat, protein, and lactose content. Blood was sampled at wk -3, d 1, d 4, d 7, d 10, wk 2, wk 3, and wk 6 and analyzed for glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, and beta-hydroxybutyric acid. Liver biopsies were taken from 8 randomly selected pairs of cows at wk -3, wk 1, wk 4, and wk 6 and analyzed for triacylglycerol concentration. We found that choline supplementation increased DM intake from 14.4 to 16.0 kg/d and, hence, net energy intake from 98.2 to 109.1 MJ/d at the intercept of the lactation curve at 1 day in milk (DIM), but the effect of choline on milk protein yield gradually decreased during the course of the study. Choline supplementation had no effect on milk yield, milk fat yield, or lactose yield. Milk protein yield was increased from 1.13 to 1.26 kg/d at the intercept of the lactation curve at 1 DIM, but the effect of choline on milk protein yield gradually decreased during the course of the study. Choline supplementation was associated with decreased milk fat concentration at the intercept of the lactation curve at 1 DIM, but the effect of choline on milk fat concentration gradually decreased as lactation progressed. Choline supplementation had no effect on energy-corrected milk yield, energy balance, body weight, body condition score, and measured blood parameters. Choline supplementation decreased the concentration of liver triacylglycerol during the first 4 wk after parturition. Results from this study suggest that hepatic fat export in periparturient dairy cows is improved by choline supplementation during the transition period and this may potentially decrease the risk for metabolic disorders in the periparturient dairy cow.
A Comparative Clinical Evaluation of Once Daily Versus Alternate Day Application of Topical Clobetasol Propionate Cream in Psoriasis; Background: Corticosteroids are extremely useful in the treatment of inflammatory skin disorders. Topical steroid applications are the most effective treatment for all types of psoriasis. Aims: To compare the efficacy of once daily versus alternate day application of topical steroid clobetasol propionate 0.05% (Tenovate cream (R)) in patients who have mild to moderate plaque psoriasis. Settings and Design: This study was conducted on 89 patients of plaque psoriasis, who attended the skin OPD in our hospital. Methods and Material: The patients who had a mild to moderate severity of plaque psoriasis were selected. Those patients who required systemic corticosteroids, those who were already undergoing any psoriasis treatment, those who had any other debilitating illness and pregnant and lactating women were excluded from the study. Eighty nine patients were enrolled for the study after taking written informed consent from them and they were randomly allocated into two groups. Two patients dropped out, one in each group and 1 of group 2 was prescribed systemic corticosteroids. Group 1-once daily application (n=44) Group 2-alternate day application (n=42) An objective scoring was done on the basis of the PSI (Psoriasis Severity Index) score, which was graded from 0-4. Follow ups were done in the 2nd, 4th and 6th weeks. Statistical Analysis: It was done by the Student's 't' test and ANOVA. Results and Conclusions: The results showed that there was equal improvement in both the groups in the 2nd week, since the p-value was not significant (P>0.05), but in the 4th and 6th weeks, there was less improvement in the alternate day group (P<0.05). An intra group comparison indicated that clobetasol was effective both in the once daily and the alternate day groups, but clinical and symptomatic improvement occurred more quickly in the once daily group after 6 weeks of assessment. Thus, it can be concluded that the alternate day application of the topical steroid clobetasol propionate cream is as effective as the once daily application in the initial 2 weeks, but by 6 weeks, its efficacy decreases. Therefore, initially, we can advocate a less frequent application of potent topical steroids but for the complete remission of the disease, the application frequency should be once daily.
A randomized controlled trial examining the effects of treatment with propylene glycol and injectable cyanocobalamin on naturally occurring disease, milk production, and reproductive outcomes of dairy cows diagnosed with concurrent hyperketonemia and hypoglycemia; The objective of this study was to assess the ef-fects of treatment with propylene glycol (PG) and cyanocobalamin (B12) on health, milk production, and reproductive outcomes of cows diagnosed with hyper-ketonemia (HK), hypoglycemia (HG), or concurrent HKHG. Glucose and 0-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA) concentrations were assessed in whole blood using a handheld device in lactating dairy cows (n = 2,418) between 3 and 9 d postpartum. Cows categorized as HK (n = 232, BHBA >1.2 mmol/L), HG (n = 161, glucose <2.2 mmol/L), and concurrent HKHG (n = 204, BHBA >1.2 mmol/L, and glucose <2.2 mmol/L) were randomized to receive treatment or to remain un-treated (control). Treatment consisted of a single dose of B12 (10 mg, intramuscularly) and 300 mL of PG orally for 5 d, starting on the day of cow-side testing. Milk production, health, and reproductive outcomes were analyzed according to groups. Statistical analysis was carried out using SAS version 9.4 (SAS/STAT, SAS Institute Inc.). Treatment in HG cows decreased clinical ketosis, increased milk production in the fifth week of lactation for multiparous cows, and tended to increase 305-d mature-equivalent milk yield (305ME) for primiparous cows compared with untreated cows with the same metabolic profile. For cows with HKHG, treatment increased 305ME in multiparous cows and tended to increase 305ME in primiparous cows. No dif-ferences were found for treatment among any of the metabolic groups regarding reproductive outcomes, nor were any treatment effects found among HK cows. Glycemic status may help identify metabolically chal-lenged early postpartum dairy cows, which may have differential response to PG and B12 treatment.
Plasma TMAO increase after healthy diets: results from 2 randomized controlled trials with dietary fish, polyphenols, and whole-grain cereals; Background: Plasma trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) has drawn much attention as a marker of several chronic diseases. Data on the relation between diet and TMAO arc discordant and few human intervention studies have assessed causality for this association. Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the effects on plasma TMAO of diets based on foods rich in polyphenols (PP) and/or long-chain n-3 fatty acids (LCn3) or whole-grain cereals (WGCs), in individuals at high cardiometabolic risk. Methods: An ancillary study was performed within 2 randomized controlled trials, aimed at evaluating the medium-term effects on cardiometabolic risk factors of diets naturally rich in PP and/or LCn3 (Etherpaths Project) or WGCs (HealthGrain Project). Results: In the Etherpaths study (n = 78), the changes in TMAO (8-wk minus baseline) were statistically significant for the diets rich in LCn3 (+1.15 +/- 11.58 mu mol/L) (P = 0.007), whereas they were not for the diets rich in PP (-0.14 +/- 3= 9.66 mu mol/L) (P = 0.905) or their interaction (P = 0.655) (2-factor ANOVA). In the HealthGrain Study (n = 48), the TMAO change (12-wk minus baseline) in the WGC group (+0.94 +/- 3.58 mu mol/L) was significantly different from that in the Refined Cereal group (-1.29 +/- 3.09 mu mol/L) (P = 0.037). Considering the pooled baseline data of the participants in the 2 studies, TMAO concentrations directly correlated with LCn3. EPA (20:5n-3), and protein intake, but not SFAs, fiber, MUFAs. and PP intake. Among food groups, TMAO directly correlated with the intake of fish, vegetables, and whole-grain products, but not meat. processed meat, and dairy products. Conclusions: Diets rich in LCn3 of marine origin or WGCs significantly increased plasma TMAO concentration. These changes mirrored the direct associations between TMAO concentrations and intakes of fish and WGCs, suggesting that TMAO reflects intakes of these healthy foods and, therefore, it is not a universally valid biomarker of cardiometabolic risk independent of the background diet.
Milk yield persistency and its relationship with health problems in Holstein dairy cows supplemented with different levels of ruminally protected methionine and choline; Forty Holstein dairy cows in their first and second lactation were used in a lactation study from 4-week prepartum through 14-week postpartum to investigate the potential effect of feeding different levels of ruminally protected methionine and choline on milk yield persistency of Holstein dairy cows. Cows were randomly assigned to receive one of the following treatments: 18 g/d of rumen-protected methionine (RPM), 60 g/d of rumen-protected choline (RPC), 18 g/d of RPM + 60 g/d of RPC, or neither supplement (control). The use of polynomial equations revealed that the polynomial coefficients of regression were closer (P<0.05) to zero for RPM+RPC-fed cows than for other cows. Therefore, RPM+RPC-fed cows had a more persistent (P<0.05) early-lactation milk yield than did other cows. Cows fed RPM+RPC had the lowest health problems compared with other groups. The treatments significantly affected actual milk yield (P<0.05), 4% fat-corrected milk (FCM) (P<0.01) and energy-corrected milk (ECM) (P<0.01) across lactation weeks. The treatments significantly affected average dry matter intake (DMI) for the first 14 week postpartum (P<0.05). Also, treatments significantly affected lactose percentage of milk across lactation weeks (P<0.01). In general, it was expected that RPM+RPC-fed cows with greater persistency of lactation would be healthier because the incidence of metabolic and reproductive disorders and negative energy balance that originate from the physiological stress of high milk yield would be lower.
Aspects of transition cow metabolomics-Part I: Effects of a metaphylactic butaphosphan and cyanocobalamin treatment on the metabolome in liver, blood, and urine in cows with different liver metabotypes; Dairy cows in modern production systems are at risk to develop metabolic disorders during the transition period. Reasons for individual differences in susceptibility, as well as the underlying pathomechanisms, are still only partially understood. The development of metaphylactic treatment protocols is needed. In this context, an on-farm prospective 3-fold blinded randomized study involving 80 German Holstein cows was performed throughout 1 yr. The trial involved a thorough recording of the production and clinical traits, clinical chemistry, and liver biopsies and blood and urine sampling at d 14 (mean: 12 d, range: 1-26 d) antepartum (AP), and d 7 (7, 4-13) and 28 (28, 23-34) postpartum (PP) for metabolomics analyses. Two groups received a treatment with butaphosphan and cyanocobalamin (BCC) at either the dosage recommended by the manufacturer or the double dosage (5 or 10 mL/100 kg of body weight 10% butaphosphan and 0.005% cyanocobalamin (Catosal, Bayer Animal Health), n = 20 in each group, parity: 4.2 +/- 2.0 and 3.4 +/- 1.3, respectively (mean +/- SD)] and one group a placebo treatment (NaCl 0.9%, n = 40, parity: 4.0 +/- 1.9). The animals were treated at 6 time points (7, 6, and 5 d AP, and 1, 2, and 3 d PP) via intravenous injection. Mass spectroscopy-based targeted metabolomics analysis of blood plasma and liver samples were performed using the AbsoluteIDQ p180 kit (Biocrates Life Sciences), whereas the urine samples were analyzed by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Statistical analysis was performed using multivariate [partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA)] and univariate methods (linear mixed model). Multivariate data analysis (PLS-DA plots) of the liver metabolome revealed 3 different metabotypes (A = medium, B = minor, C = large alterations in liver metabolome profile between AP and PP status). Metabotype B animals were characterized by higher PP lipomobilization (stronger PP body condition decrease and higher blood bilirubin, fatty acids, gamma-glutamyltransferase, and triglyceride levels) and a higher occurrence of transition cow diseases, compared with the animals in metabotype C. Analysis of the feeding data showed that the period of metabotype B animals (calving in a distinct time frame) was characterized by a decreased grass silage quality. The PP liver metabolome of the metabotype C animals was characterized by higher concentrations of AA, acylcarnitines, lysoPC and sphingomyelins compared with metabotype B. For the metaphylactic treatment with BCC a dose dependent effect was confirmed, differing between the metabotypes. In all matrices and metabotypes at various time points significant treatment effects were observed, with different profiles in clinical chemistry and as well in metabolomics data. The most clear-cut treatment effect was observed in metabotype B in the liver at 7 d PP, characterized by an increase in several acylcarnitines and phosphatidylcholines, indicating a more efficient influx and oxidation of fatty acids in mitochondria and thereby an increase in energy supply and more efficient triglyceride export in the liver. The results from the liver metabolomics analysis support the application of an indication-based metaphylactic treatment with BCC.
Eucaloric diets enriched in palm olein, cocoa butter, and soybean oil did not differentially affect liver fat concentration in healthy participants: a 16-week randomized controlled trial; Background: Effects of dietary fat quality on liver fat remain to be elucidated. Inconsistent evidence may be influenced by fatty acid saturation, chain-length, and regio-specificity within triacylglycerol (TAG) molecules. Objectives: We aimed to compare eucaloric diets enriched in palm olein (POo), cocoa butter (COB), and soybean oil (SBO) on liver fat concentration in healthy participants. Secondary outcomes included visceral (VAT) and abdominal subcutaneous (aSCAT) adipose tissue, plus other obesity and cardiometabolic health outcomes. Methods: Eighty-three healthy participants (20-45 y, BMI 18.5-27.5 kg/m(2)) commenced and 64 completed a 16-wk randomized parallel intervention, preceded by a 2-wk run-in. Participants consumed identical eucaloric background diets differing in test fats [contributing 20% total energy intake (%E)], providing 33%E total fat with the following ratios for PUFAs/SFAs/MUFAs: POo, 4.2/13.5/15%E; SBO, 14A/8.8/9.4%E; COB, 2.3/19.5/11%E. Liver fat and abdominal adiposity were measured at weeks 0 and 16 using H-1-magnetic resonance spectroscopy/imaging; all other outcomes were measured at 0, 4, 8. 12. and 16 wk. Results: Fat quality did not affect liver fat concentration, VAT, aSCAT, obesity indexes, blood pressure, liver enzymes, leptin, or fasting glucose. Body fat mass decreased with SBO and COB compared with POo. SBO decreased serum total cholesterol (TC), LDL cholesterol, and TC:HDL cholesterol relative to POo [estimated marginal mean (95% CI) differences: -0.57 (-0.94, - 0.20) mmol/L; -0.37 (-0.68, -0.07) mmol/L; and -0.42 (-0.73, - 0.11) mmol/L, respectively]. No diet differences were observed on HDL cholesterol. TAG. apoA1, apoB, apoB:apoA1, or fecal free fatty acids (FFAs), except for lower FFA pentadecanoic acid (15:0) with COB than with SBO and POo. Conclusions: In healthy adults, when consumed as part of eucaloric typical Australian diets, 3 different dietary fat sources did not differentially affect liver fat concentration and amounts of adipose tissue. Effects on serum lipids were inconsistent across lipid profiles. The findings must be confirmed in metabolically impaired individuals before recommendations can be made.
Postprandial Fatty Acid Profile, but Not Cardiometabolic Risk Markers, Is Modulated by Dairy Fat Manipulation in Adults with Moderate Cardiovascular Disease Risk: The Randomized Controlled REplacement of SaturatEd fat in dairy on Total cholesterol (RESET) Study; Background: Chronic consumption of dairy products with an SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched content was shown to impact favorably on brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD). However, their acute effect on postprandial cardiometabolic risk biomarkers requires investigation. Objective: The effects of sequential high-fat mixed meals rich in fatty acid (FA)-modified or conventional (control) dairy products on postprandial FMD (primary outcome) and systemic cardiometabolic biomarkers in adults with moderate cardiovascular risk (>= 50% above the population mean) were compared. Methods: In a randomized crossover trial, 52 participants [mean +/- SEM age: 53 +/- 2 y; BMI (kg/m(2)) 25.9 +/- 0.51 consumed a high-dairy-fat breakfast (0 min; similar to 50 g total fat: modified: 25 g SFAs, 20 g MUFAs; control: 32 g SFAs, 12 g MUFAs) and lunch (330 min; similar to 30 g total fat; modified: 15 g SFAs, 12 g MUFAs; control: 19 g SFAs, 7 g MUFAs). Blood samples were obtained before and until 480 min after breakfast, with FMD assessed at 0, 180, 300, and 420 min. Data were analyzed by linear mixed models. Results: Postprandial changes in cardiometabolic biomarkers were comparable between the different dairy meals, with the exception of a tendency for a 4% higher AUC for the %FMD response following the modified-dairy-fat meals (P= 0.075). Plasma total lipid FA analysis revealed that incremental AUC responses were 53% lower for total SFAs, 214% and 258% higher for total cis-MUFAs (predominantly cis-9 18:1), and trans-18:1, respectively, following the modified relative to the control dairy meals (all P < 0.0001). Conclusions: In adults at moderate cardiovascular risk, acute consumption of sequential high-fat meals containing FA-modified dairy products had little impact on postprandial endothelial function or systemic cardiometabolic biomarkers, but a differential effect on the plasma total lipid FA profile, relative to conventional dairy fat meals.
The effect of different treatments for early-lactation hyperketonemia on blood β-hydroxybutyrate, plasma nonesterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, and glucagon in dairy cattle; Despite increased efforts in preventing the occurrence of metabolic disorders in transition cows, hyperketonemia remains a frequent early-lactation metabolic disease affecting an average of 40% of cows in herds in the United States. Despite the demonstrated economic effect of this disorder, controlled clinical trials comparing different treatment strategies in affected cows are lacking. The objective of our study was to investigate the effect of treatment with intravenous glucose, oral propylene glycol, or a combination of both on the reduction in blood beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) concentrations of early-lactation hyperketonemic dairy cows. Multiparous Holstein cows between 3 to 9 d in milk were screened for hyperketonemia using a handheld meter 3 times per week, and enrolled at whole blood BHB concentration >= 1.2 mmol/L to 1 of 4 treatment groups: (1) 500 mL of a 50% dextrose solution i.v. once daily for 3 d (GLU, n = 9), (2) 300 mL of propylene glycol as a drench once daily for 3 d (PG, n = 9), (3) a combination treatment of a 500 mL of 50% dextrose solution i.v. and 300 mL of propylene glycol orally once daily for 3 d (GLU+PG, n = 8), or (4) an untreated control group (CTRL, n = 8). Blood samples were collected immediately before as well as at 1, 2, 4, 8, 12, 24, 36, 48, 60, and 72 h after administration of the first treatment through a jugular catheter and 3 times per week thereafter from coccygeal vessels. Concentrations of BHB were measured in whole blood, and plasma samples were analyzed for glucose, fatty acid (NEFA), insulin, glucagon, and electrolyte concentrations. The EDTA-anticoagulated blood samples were assessed for red blood cell indices, and smears were made for evaluation of red blood cell morphology. Outcomes were analyzed using repeated measures analysis. Overall least squares means (95% CI) of whole blood BHB concentrations between 1 h and d 11 relative to first treatment were 1.11 (0.95 to 1.30), 1.26 (1.07 to 1.47), 0.96 (0.81 to 1.13), and 1.53 (1.30 to 1.80) mmol/L for the GLU, PG, GLU+PG, and CTRL groups, respectively. Treatment with both glucose and propylene glycol led to a greater magnitude and more prolonged decrease in BHB concentrations compared with individual treatments. The NEFA and glucagon concentrations were lower immediately after treatment in GLU and GLU+PG groups compared with CTRL, and treatment with both glucose and propylene glycol was associated with a greater increase in glucose and insulin concentrations immediately after treatment compared with CTRL and GLU treatment alone. Treatments did not lead to differences in plasma mineral concentrations. We conclude that treatments varied in the magnitude of decreasing blood BHB concentrations in hyperketonemic postpartum cows, with the greatest decline after treatment with a combination of intravenous glucose and oral propylene glycol.
Genome-wide study to detect single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with visceral and subcutaneous fat deposition in Holstein dairy cows; Excessive abdominal fat might be associated with more severe metabolic disorders in Holstein cows. Our hypothesis was that there are genetic differences between cows with low and high abdominal fat deposition and a normal cover of subcutaneous adipose tissue. The objective of this study was to assess the genetic basis for variation in visceral adiposity in US Holstein cows. The study included adult Holstein cows sampled from a slaughterhouse (Green Bay, WI, USA) during September 2016. Only animals with a body condition score between 2.75 and 3.25 were considered. The extent of omental fat at the level of the insertion of the lesser omentum over the pylorus area was assessed. A group of 100 Holstein cows with an omental fold <5 mm in thickness and minimum fat deposition throughout the entire omentum, and the second group of 100 cows with an omental fold > 20 mm in thickness and with a marked fat deposition observed throughout the entire omentum were sampled. A small piece of muscle from the neck was collected from each cow into a sterile container for DNA extraction. Samples were submitted to a commercial laboratory for interrogation of genome-wide genomic variation using the Illumina BovineHD Beadchip. Genome-Wide association analysis was performed to test potential associations between fat deposition and genomic variation. A univariate mixed linear model analysis was performed using genome-wide efficient mixed model association to identify single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) significantly associated with variation in a visceral fat deposition. The chip heritability was 0.686 and the estimated additive genetic and residual variance components were 0.427 and 0.074, respectively. In total, 11 SNPs defining four quantitative trait locus (QTL) regions were found to be significantly associated with visceral fat deposition (P<0.00001). Among them, two of the QTL were detected with four and five significantly associated SNPs, respectively; whereas, the QTLs detected on BTA12 and BTA19 were each detected with only one significantly associated SNP. No enriched gene ontology terms were found within the gene networks harboring these genes when supplied to DAVID using either the Bos taurus or human gene ontology databases. We conclude that excessive omental fat in Holstein cows with similar body condition scores is not caused by a single Mendelian locus and that the trait appears to be at least moderately heritable; consequently, selection to reduce excessive omental fat is potentially possible, but would require the generation of predicted transmitting abilities from larger and random samples of Holstein cattle.
A natural butterfat that elicits clinically significant lowering of total- and LDL-cholesterol when added to the diet of normal men: a novel route to decreasing cardiovascular risk in human populations?; Current US guidelines recommend that less than 30% of dietary energy (en%) in adults should derive from total fats, in part to limit excessive intake of saturated fats, which is linked to atherosclerosis, obesity and some cancers. Dairy foods are a major source of saturated fats, so such guidelines effectively advocate decreased consumption of dairy products to 2-4 servings daily. Milk containing increased unsaturated fatty acids has been produced by feeding cows with a protected feed supplement rich in oleic acid. Feeding of butterfat derived from this milk elicited decreased blood LDL-C in two of three trials. To resolve ongoing uncertainty concerning the efficacy of butterfat per se, we have investigated its blood lipid-lowering potential in 20 healthy male subjects using a double-blind, randomised, intervention trial. During this residential trial, all foods and beverages were provided during two intervention periods, comprising 3 weeks of high unsaturated 'modified' vs. 3 weeks of saturated 'control' butter feeding separated by a 4-week washout period. Diets were of typical composition of 39 en% fat (20 en% butterfat), 48 en% CHO, 13 en% protein. There were significant decreases in both total (p <0.05, -7.9%) and LDL-C (p <0.01, -9.5%) during feeding of modified butter, but no significant changes in a range of other risk factors including HDL-C, TG, or fasting glucose (p >0.05). Subjects were maintained in energy balance with no significant change in body weight during interventions; butterfat composition alone differed between treatments. Thus, clinically significant improvement in cardiovascular risk can be achieved by moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile achieved through a common and well-accepted food source, butterfat.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae fermentation products reduce bacterial endotoxin concentrations and inflammation during grain-based subacute ruminal acidosis in lactating dairy cows; Subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) is a metabolic disorder in dairy cows that is associated with dysbiosis of rumen and hindgut microbiomes, translocation of immunogenic compounds from the gut lumen into blood circulation, and systemic inflammatory response. In this study we hypothesized that Saccharomyces cerevisiae fermentation products (SCFP) attenuate the increases in ruminal and peripheral bacterial endotoxin concentrations and the inflammation resulting from repeated induction of SARA. Lactating Holstein dairy cows (parity 2 and 3+, n = 32) were fed diets with or without SCFP (all from Diamond V) and subjected to 2 episodes of SARA challenges. Cows received a basal total mixed ration (TMR) containing 34% neutral detergent fiber and 18.6% starch, dry matter (DM) basis. Treatments were randomly assigned to control (basal TMR and 140 g/d of ground corn with no SCFP) or 1 of 3 SCFP treatments: basal TMR and 14 g/d Original XPC (SCFPa), 19 g/d NutriTek (SCFPb-1x), or 38 g/d NutriTek (SCFPb-2x) mixed with 126, 121, or 102 g/d of ground corn, respectively. Treatments were implemented from 4 wk before until 12 wk after parturition. During wk 5 (SARA1) and wk 8 of lactation (SARA2), grain-based SARA challenges were conducted by gradually replacing 20% of DM of the basal TMR over 3 d with pellets containing 50% wheat and 50% barley. Ruminal fluid, fecal, and blood samples were collected weekly during Pre-SARA1 (wk 4, as baseline), Post-SARA1 (wk 7), and Post-SARA2 (wk 10 for blood and wk 12 for rumen and fecal parameters) stages, and twice a week during the challenges SARA1 and SARA2. Rumen papillae samples were taken only during Pre-SARA1 and Post-SARA2. We measured the concentrations of free lipopolysaccharides (LPS) in the rumen fluid and feces; free LPS and lipoteichoic acid (LTA) endotoxins in peripheral plasma; interleukin (IL)-10 and IL-6 in peripheral serum; acute-phase proteins, serum amyloid A (SAA), and LPS-binding protein in peripheral plasma; haptoglobin (Hp) in peripheral serum; and myeloperoxidase (MPO) in rumen papillae. Induction of SARA episodes increased free LPS concentrations in rumen fluid and tended to increase LTA in peripheral plasma. The SARA episodes increased concentration of circulating SAA and tended to increase that of IL-10 compared with Pre-SARA1. Induction of SARA did not affect the concentrations of circulating IL-6, Hp, and MPO. The SCFP supplementation reduced plasma concentrations of LTA and SAA and serum concentration of IL-10 compared with control. Additionally, SCFPb-2x tended to reduce ruminal LPS in second-parity cows compared with control. Overall, SCFP supplementation appeared to stabilize the rumen environment and reduce proinflammatory status, hence attenuating adverse digestive and inflammatory responses associated with SARA episodes.
THE NATIONAL ANIMAL HEALTH MONITORING-SYSTEM IN MICHIGAN .1. DESIGN, DATA AND FREQUENCIES OF SELECTED DAIRY-CATTLE DISEASES; A National Animal Health Monitoring System (NAHMS) in Michigan was started in 1986 to develop statistically valid data for use in estimating disease frequencies in dairy cattle, and the associated costs. The objectives of this paper are to: (1) describe what was done to implement and maintain the system in Michigan; (2) present selected disease frequencies; (3) discuss the epidemiological considerations of what was done and implications for the results obtained. Veterinary medical officers  (VMOs - veterinarians from the university, state and federal governments) served as data collectors. After several sessions of training in current disease and management problems of dairy cattle, interview techniques, sampling methods, and data collection instruments, the VMOs participated in selection of the sample herds and data gathering. Sixty (n = 60) of 6012 dairy herds were selected randomly and the VMOs visited the farms once a month for 12 months to collect management, disease,  inventory, production, preventive treatment, financial and any other relevant data. Strict data quality control devices were used. Specific feedback and morale-boosting techniques were developed for the producers and data collectors. Of the three age groups studied, cows had the greatest number of disease problems. The six disorders found most frequently were (from highest to lowest) breeding problems, clinical mastitis, birth problems, metabolic problems, gastrointestinal problems, and  lameness. In young stock, respiratory, multiple system, breeding, gastrointestinal, lameness, and birth problems were predominant, whereas in calves, gastrointestinal, respiratory, multiple system, lameness, metabolic/nutritional, and urogenital disorders were the major problems.
The effect of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) on serum inflammatory markers: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials; Background & aims: Dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet is associated with improved blood pressure and risk of cardiovascular diseases. It is proposed that DASH might also improve systemic inflammatory markers like highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP); however, interventional studies have led to conflicting results. The aim of current systematic review was to summarize results of randomized clinical trials examining the effect of DASH on inflammatory biomarkers. Methods: Randomized trials which assessed the effect of adherence to DASH diet on the circulating inflammatory biomarkers in adults were identified through searching PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus and Google Scholar up to December 2016. Difference in Mean change and its corresponding standard deviation in inflammatory markers between intervention and control groups were calculated to be used as effect size. Random effects model was used to calculate the summary effects. Results: Seven trials were eligible and six studies with 451 participants were included in the meta analysis which measured hs-CRP as the biomarker of systemic inflammation. The DASH diet significantly decreased serum hs-CRP levels [mean difference (MD) = -1.01, 95% confidence interval (CI): -1.64, -0.38; I-squared (I-2) = 67.7%] compared to usual diets; however, the effect was not significant when it was compared with healthy diets (MD = 0.10 mg/L; 95%CI: -0.16, 0.37; I-2 = 94.0%). The reduction in serum hs-CRP levels was greater in trials lasted eight weeks or more. Conclusion: Adherence to DASH diet is effective in improving circulating serum inflammatory bioi markers in adults, compared with usual diet; therefore, it could be a valuable strategy to suppress inflammation process. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Association of food industry ties with findings of studies examining the effect of dairy food intake on cardiovascular disease and mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective To determine if the association of dairy foods with cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes differs between studies with food industry ties versus those without industry ties. To determine whether studies with or without industry ties differ in their risk of bias. Eligibility criteria We included cohort and case-control studies that estimated the association of dairy foods with CVD outcomes in healthy adults. Information sources We searched eight databases on 1 February 2019 from 2000 to 2019 and hand searched reference lists. Risk of bias We used the Risk of Bias in Non-Randomised Studies-of Exposure tool. Included studies 43 studies (3 case-controls, 40 cohorts). Synthesis of results There was no clear evidence of an association between studies with industry ties (1/14) versus no industry ties (8/29) and the reporting of favourable results, risk ratio (RR)=0.26 (95% CI 0.04 to 1.87; n=43 studies) and studies with industry ties (4/14) versus no industry ties (11/29) and favourable conclusions, RR=0.75 (95% CI 0.29 to 1.95; n=43). Studies with industry sponsorship, (HR=0.78; n=3 studies) showed a decreased magnitude of risk of CVD outcomes compared with studies with no industry sponsorship (HR=0.97; n=18) (ratio of HRs 0.80 (95% CI 0.66 to 0.97); p=0.03). Strengths and limitations of evidence Every study had an overall high risk of bias rating; this was primarily due to confounding. Interpretation There was no clear evidence of an association between studies with food industry ties and the reporting of favourable results and conclusions compared with studies without industry ties. The statistically significant difference in the magnitude of effects identified in industry-sponsored studies compared with non-industry-sponsored studies, however, is important in quantifying industry influence on studies included in dietary guidelines. PROSPERO registration number CRD42019129659.
Effects of forage feeding on rumen fermentation, plasma metabolites, and hormones in Holstein calves during pre- and postweaning periods; Recent studies have suggested that the amount of forage intake by calves around the time of weaning could affect ruminal pH levels. Several studies have also proposed that subacute ruminal acidosis in mature cows is a risk factor for various metabolic disorders and production diseases. In this study, we examined the effects of forage feeding on ruminal pH, ruminal fermentation, rumen lipopolysaccharide (LPS) concentration, plasma metabolites, and hormonal concentrations in calves during pre- and postweaning periods. Sixteen male Holstein calves were used. At 7 wk of age, calves were randomly assigned to one of two dietary treatments: calves in the HAY group (n = 8) were fed starter with forage, and those in the CON group (n = 8) were fed starter without any forage. All calves were weaned at 8 wk of age. The amounts of starter and mixed hay were gradually increased until the end of the experiment (age, 11 wk). Ruminal pH was measured continuously every 10 min using an indwelling sensor. Rumen fluid and peripheral blood samples were obtained prior to morning feedings at -1, 0, 1, and 3 wk after weaning. Compared with the HAY group, in the CON group, the average daily ruminal pH was lower (P < 0.05) and the duration of ruminal pH values below 5.6 was longer (P < 0.05). Regarding ruminal VFA profiles, compared with the HAY group, the CON group had lower (P < 0.05) acetate to propionate ratios at 1 and 3 wk after weaning. Rumen LPS concentrations tended to be higher (P < 0.1) in the CON group than in the HAY group; however, concentrations of LPS-binding protein, haptoglobin, and serum amyloid A in the peripheral blood did not differ significantly. Plasma aspartate aminotransferase and alkaline phosphatase levels were markedly higher (P < 0.05) in the CON group than in the HAY group at 1 and 3 wk after weaning. There was a linear decrease in plasma growth hormone (GH) levels in the CON group after the start of the experiment, and its concentrations were lower (P < 0.05) in the CON group than in the HAY group at 0 and 3 wk after weaning. The results indicated that forage provision during pre- and postweaning periods helped prevent decrease in ruminal pH, change in ruminal fermentation, and liver alteration, and helped maintain plasma GH levels, which suggests that calves around the time of weaning need forage intake with starter to maintain proper metabolic and hormonal functions.
Effect of fat-reformulated dairy food consumption on postprandial flow-mediated dilatation and cardiometabolic risk biomarkers compared with conventional dairy: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Longer-term consumption of SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched dairy products has been reported to improve fasting flow-mediated dilatation (FMD). Yet, their impact on endothelial function in the postprandial state warrants investigation. Objectives: The aim was to compare the impact of a fatty acid (FA) modified with a conventional (control) dairy diet on the postprandial %FMD (primary outcome) and systemic cardiometabolic responses to representative meals, and retrospectively explore whether treatment effects differ by apolipoprotein E (APOE) or endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) Glu298Asp gene polymorphisms. Methods: In a crossover-design randomized controlled study, 52 adults with moderate cardiovascular disease risk consumed dairy products [38% of total energy intake (%TE) from fat: FA-modified (target: 16%TE SFAs; 14%TE MUFAs) or control (19%TE SFAs; 11%TE MUFAs)] for 12 wk, separated by an 8-wk washout. Blood sampling and FMD measurements (0-480 min) were performed pre- and postintervention after sequential mixed meals that were representative of the assigned dairy diets (0 min, similar to 50 g fat; 330 min, similar to 30 g fat). Results: Relative to preintervention (Delta), the FA-modified dairy diet and meals (treatment) attenuated the increase in the incremental AUC (iAUC), but not AUC, for the %FMD response observed with the conventional treatment (-135 +/- 69% vs. +199 +/- 82% x min; P = 0.005). The Delta iAUC, but not AUC, for the apoB response decreased after the FA-modified treatment yet increased after the conventional treatment (-4 +/- 3 vs. +3 +/- 3 mg/mL x min; P = 0.004). The Delta iAUC decreased for plasma total SFAs (P = 0.003) and trans 18:1 (P < 0.0001) and increased for cis-MUFAs (P < 0.0001) following the conventional relative to the FA-modified treatment. No treatment x APOE or eNOS genotype interactions were evident for any outcome. Conclusions: This study provides novel insights into the longer-term effects of FA-modified dairy food consumption on postprandial cardiometabolic responses.
Old and new adventures with fatty acids and their oxylipins: The road towards personalised clinical nutrition INTRODUCTION; After paying homage to the work of E. Chevreul, Prof. Robert Gibson went on in a lighthearted way to find similarities in the way they both approached their respective fields of research, as well as their way of life. Prof. Robert Gibson, who was awarded the 2021 Chevreul Medal, reported that "his huge delight was to witness the massive growth of lipid research and to have played a role in elucidating the role of dietary fats in the health of mothers and their babies". Prof. Gibson highlighted some of the major results he collected from Australian clinical studies conducted on the role of omega-3 fatty acids on the health outcomes of mothers and their infants. He first discussed the role of fish oil on visual acuity of babies and demonstrated that infant formulas supplying more than 1% of linolenic acid (ALA) seemed adequate to ensure optimal visual and cognitive development of term infants. However, in preterm infants, whether there is a specific need for DHA above the benefit provided by ALA, still needs to be clarified. He reported a small beneficial impact on the cognitive development of preterm infants receiving DHA enriched breast milk of their mothers (1% of total fatty acids). He then discussed data from his large randomised clinical trials conducted on pregnant women receiving a DHA dietary treatment (800 mg/d DHA) or placebo, that suggested that DHA may decrease the risk of preterm birth (DOMInO trial, 2400 women). This effect was confirmed in the ORIP trial (5400 women) which found that preterm birth could be prevented by a DHA supplement treatment mainly in women with a singleton pregnancy who had a low omega-3 status in the first trimester. In the last part of his review, Robert Gibson described the use of a new low cost, rapid and efficient method to monitor changes in blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids with clinical outcomes: the Dried Blood Spots (DBS) technology. The validation of this technique has been demonstrated in large trials like N3RO and ORIP involving large cohorts of women, which could not have been obtained easily by classical analysis of lipids. He went on to point out that free fatty acids (generally not explored despite their importance in many metabolic disorders) and oxylipins, are both stable and easily identified when they are preserved in a dry state on a paper matrix (DBS), thus opening new fields of research. To conclude, the major impact of Prof. Robert Gibson's work was identifying and overcoming one of the causes of early preterm birth (omega-3 deficiency), developing a tool to rapidly assess omega-3 status (the DBS technique) that together is close to being implemented into the world health system.
Exogenous Autoinducer-2 Rescues Intestinal Dysbiosis and Intestinal Inflammation in a Neonatal Mouse Necrotizing Enterocolitis Model; Autoinducer-2 (AI-2) is believed to be a bacterial interspecies signaling molecule that plays an important role in the regulation of the physiological behaviors of bacteria. The effect of AI-2 on the process of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is unknown, and the aim of this study was to study the effect of AI-2 in a mouse NEC model. C57BL/6 mouse pups were randomly divided into three groups: the control group, the NEC group, and the NEC+AI-2 (NA) group. Exogenous AI-2 (500 nM) was added to the formula milk of the NA group. The concentrations of fecal AI-2 and flora were tested. The expression of cytokines, TLR4 and NF-kB in intestinal tissue was detected. The AI-2 level was significantly decreased in the NEC group (P<0.05). Compared with the NEC group, the intestinal injury scores, expression of TLR4, NF-kB, and proinflammatory factors (IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8 and TNF-alpha) were reduced, and expression of anti-inflammatory factor (IL-10) was increased in the NA group mice (P<0.05). At the phylum level, the Proteobacteria abundance in the NA group was significantly increased, while the Bacteroidota abundance in the control group was significantly increased (P<0.05). At the genus level, Helicobacter and Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1 exhibited significantly greater abundance in the NEC group than in the other two groups, while Lactobacillus had the opposite trend (P<0.05). In addition, the abundances of Klebsiella, Rodentibacter and Enterococcus were significantly higher in the NA group than in the NEC and control groups (P < 0.05). Exogenous AI-2 partially reverses flora disorder and decreases inflammation in an NEC mouse model.
Crude glycerin decreases nonesterified fatty acid concentration in ewes during late gestation and early lactation; Crude glycerin is a gluconeogenic substrate in ruminants and may help to decrease the occurrence of pregnancy toxemia. The objective in this trial was to determine the effects of feeding a diet containing crude glycerin on DMI, milk yield, milk composition, and blood metabolites in periparturient ewes and lamb performance. One hundred eighteen 90 (+/- 1.1)-d pregnant Santa Ins ewes were used. After lambing, 32 ewes (62.8 +/- 1.3 kg BW) were allotted in a randomized complete block design defined by prelambing diet, BW, BCS, lambing date, type of birth (single or twin), and sex of offspring. Diets were isonitrogenous (13.0 +/- 0.3% CP, DM basis), composed of concentrate and raw sugarcane bagasse (70: 30 ratio, DM basis), and fed ad libitum daily. Crude glycerin (83.6% glycerol) levels were 0 or 10% (DM basis), corresponding to the experimental diets G0 and G10, respectively. From 8 until 56 d of lactation, DMI was determined. In the same period, once a week at 1000 h, the ewes were separated from the lambs and mechanically milked after intravenous administration of 10 IU of synthetic oxytocin. Three hours after the first milking, ewes were milked again and milk yield and composition were determined. Glucose, NEFA, and a-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) were determined at -14, -7, 0, 7, 14, 28, and 56 d relative to lambing and insulin was determined at -14, -7, 0, and 7 d. Crude glycerin did not affect DMI (2.2 kg/d for G0 vs. 2.2 kg/d for G10; P = 0.93) or milk production (171 g/3 h for G0 vs. 164 g/3 h for G10; P = 0.66). However, there was a decrease (P = 0.01) in milk fat percentage (8.1% for G0 vs. 7.0% for G10) for ewes fed glycerin. Ewes fed the G10 diet had decreased (P < 0.01) NEFA concentration (0.27 mmol/L for G0 vs. 0.18 mmol/L for G10). There was an interaction between diet x time for glucose (P = 0.04), insulin (P = 0.05), and BHBA (P = 0.01); feeding glycerin increased glucose (5.61 mmol/L for G0 vs. 7.42 mmol/L for G10; P < 0.01) and insulin concentrations (10.5 mu IU for G0 vs. 24.5 mu IU for G10; P < 0.01) at parturition compared with G0. The BHBA was less (P = 0.02) on the day of lambing (0.40 mmol/L for G0 vs. 0.29 mmol/L for G10) and it was greater (P < 0.01) on d 56 for ewes fed the G10 diet (0.46 mmol/L for G0 vs. 0.61 mmol/L for G10). There was no effect of diets fed to ewes on lamb growth from birth to weaning. Crude glycerin improved energy balance of periparturient ewes, suggesting a reduced risk of developing clinical metabolic-related disorders. Crude glycerin can be added at 10% of ewes' diets without affecting DMI and milk yield.
Probiotics, fibre and herbal medicinal products for functional and inflammatory bowel disorders; Functional bowel disorders (FBD), mainly irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and functional constipation (FC, also called chronic idiopathic constipation), are very common worldwide. Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), including ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease, although less common, has a strong impact on patients' quality of life, as well as being highly expensive for our healthcare. A definite cure for those disorders is still yet to come. Over the years, several therapeutic approaches complementary or alternative to traditional pharmacological treatments, including probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, fibre and herbal medicinal products, have been investigated for the management of both groups of diseases. However, most available studies are biased by several drawbacks, including small samples and poor methodological quality. Probiotics, in particular Saccharomyces boulardii and Lactobacilli (among which Lactobacillus rhamnosus), synbiotics, psyllium, and some herbal medicinal products, primarily peppermint oil, seem to be effective in ameliorating IBS symptoms. Synbiotics and fibre seem to be beneficial in FC patients. The probiotic combination VSL#3 may be effective in inducing remission in patients with mild-to-moderate ulcerative colitis, in whom Escherichia coli Nissle 1917 seems to be as effective as mesalamine in maintaining remission. No definite conclusions can be drawn as to the efficacy of fibre and herbal medicinal products in IBD patients due to the low number of studies and the lack of randomized controlled trials that replicate the results obtained in the individual studies conducted so far. Thus, further, well-designed studies are needed to address the real role of these therapeutic options in the management of both FBD and IBD.
In vivo antimalarial activity of a probiotic bacterium Lactobacillus sakei isolated from traditionally fermented milk in BALB/c mice infected with Plasmodium berghei ANKA; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Milk production, processing and consumption are integral part of traditional practices in Fulani tribe of Cameroon. It has been observed that Fulani are resistant to malaria. Dairy products traditionally processed by Fulani are intensively used in the ritual treatment of malarial, inflammations and behavioural disorders. Many studies have demonstrated that fermented milk is a rich source of probiotic bacteria. However, the antimalarial activity of probiotics isolated from this natural source has not been experimentally tested. Aim of the study: Hence, this study was therefore aimed at evaluating the antimalarial activity of a probiotic bacterium Lactobacillus sakei isolated from traditionally fermented milk in mice infected with chloroquine sensitive Plasmodium berghei ANKA. Materials and methods: The probiotic bacterium was isolated from the Cameroonian Mborro Fulani's traditionally fermented milk and identified using the 16S r RNA gene sequencing. The schizontocidal activity of Lactobacillus sakei on established malaria infection was evaluated. Eighty-four healthy young adult Balb/c mice infected with Plasmodium berghei parasite were randomly divided into two sets of seven group of six mice each, and were given three different doses of Lactobacillus sakei, chloroquine and sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine for seven and fourteen days respectively. The level of parasitaemia, body temperature, survival time and haematological parameters were evaluated. Results: The parasite growth inhibition was observed to increase with increasing dose of probiotic bacterium with maximum suppression being 100 % at dose 3 on day 20. Also, the probiotic bacterium significantly prevented body weight loss and was associated with body temperature reduction and prevented (p<0.05) a decrease in haematological parameters compared to that untreated malaria infected mice. Conclusion: The results obtained suggest that Lactobacillus sakei is a probiotic bacterium with antimalarial activity in mice infected with chloroquine sensitive Plasmodium berghei.
Effects of an 8-Week Protein Supplementation Regimen with Hyperimmunized Cow Milk on Exercise-Induced Organ Damage and Inflammation in Male Runners: A Randomized, Placebo Controlled, Cross-Over Study; Prolonged strenuous exercise may induce inflammation, cause changes in gastrointestinal permeability, and lead to other unfavorable biological changes and diseases. Nutritional approaches have been used to prevent exercise-induced inflammatory responses and gastrointestinal disorders. Hyperimmunized milk, obtained by immunizing cows against specific antigens, promotes the development of immunity against pathogens, promotes anti-inflammatory effects, and protects intestinal function. Immune protein (IMP) is a concentrated product of hyperimmunized milk and is a more promising means of supplementation to protect against acute infections and inflammation. To determine whether IMP has protective properties against exercise-induced gastrointestinal dysfunction and inflammation, we examined biochemical markers, intestinal damage markers, and pro-/anti-inflammatory profiles of young male runners using a randomized, placebo controlled, cross-over design. Urine samples were collected and used for measurements of creatinine, N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase, osmotic pressure, and specific gravity. Titin was measured as a muscle damage marker. Further, urine concentrations of complement 5a, calprotectin, fractalkine, myeloperoxidase, macrophage colony-stimulating factor, monocyte chemotactic protein-1, intestinal fatty acid binding protein (I-FABP), interferon (IFN)-gamma, interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-1 receptor antagonist, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p40, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. We demonstrated that urine osmotic pressure, urine specific gravity, I-FABP, IFN-gamma, IL-1 beta, and TNF-alpha were reduced by 8 weeks of IMP supplementation, indicating that IMP may have potential in preventing strenuous exercise-induced renal dysfunction, increased intestinal permeability, and inflammation. Thus, IMP supplementation may be a feasible nutritional approach for the prevention of unfavorable exercise-induced symptoms.
Thalidomide Improves Psoriasis-like Lesions and Inhibits Cutaneous VEGF Expression without Alteration of Microvessel Density in Imiquimod-induced Psoriatic Mouse Model; Background: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder of unknown etiology. Increasing evidence suggests that psoriasis is probably an angiogenesis-dependent disease. Thalidomide has been reported being able to inhibit the effects of fibroblast growth factor 2 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and inhibit tumour necrosis factor-alpha synthesis, and suppress tumour necrosis factor-induced nuclear factor-kappa B activation in Jurkat cells, resulting in suppression of proliferation inflammation, angiogenesis, and the immune system, which are related to the pathogenesis of psoriasis. Objective: Our study evaluated the influence of thalidomide on the lesional alterations, VEGF expressions and angiogenesis in imiquimod-induced mouse model. Methods: Balb/c female mice (n=48) 8-12 weeks of age were randomly divided into 6 groups including negative control (vaseline cream), positive control (5% imiquimod cream), and experimental groups including low-dose (10 mg/kg. d), moderate-dose (30 mg/kg. d) and high-dose thalidomide (85 mg/kg. d), and acitretin group (6 mg/kg. d). Serum levels of VEGF-A were quantified by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. VEGF protein expression was measured by western blotting and the microvessel density by immunohistochemical staining. Results: The total psoriasis area and severity index scores in the moderate-and high-dose thalidomide and acitretin groups decreased significantly (p<0.001 for each), and so were the total Baker's scores in the high-dose thalidomide (p=0.008) and acitretin groups (p=0.021). The mean thickness of the epidermis in the experimental and acitretin groups decreased significantly, respectively (p<0.001 for all); the acitretin group was the thinnest. The cutaneous VEGF protein levels down-expressed significantly in the moderate-and high-dose thalidomide groups (p<0.05 for both), while those in the low-dose thalidomide and acitretin did not (p>0.05 for both). There were no differences for serum VEGF-A levels and the density of microvessels among the positive and experimental groups. Conclusion: Thalidomide can improve the psoriasis-like lesions and inhibit the expression of cutaneous VEGF in imiquimod-induced psoriatic model with dose-dependence, however, it does not alter circulating VEGF-A levels and microvessel density in dermis.
A randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled, split-face study with pimecrolimus cream 1% for papulopustular rosacea; Background Rosacea is a common inflammatory skin disorder for which the pathogenesis is unclear. Currently, there is no cure for rosacea, and it seems that standard therapies have focused mainly on minimizing inflammation. Objectives The aim of this study is to investigate the potential efficacy, tolerability and safety profile of 1% pimecrolimus cream for the treatment of rosacea. Methods Twenty-five patients with papulopustular rosacea were enrolled to a randomized, single-blinded, placebo-controlled, split-face trial of pimecrolimus cream 1% consisting 4 week treatment and 2 week follow-up period. The patients were instructed to apply first the 'left side cream' labelled placebo cream (Ultrabase cream, Intendis GmbH, Berlin, Germany) to the left hemi-face then the 'right side cream' labelled 1% pimecrolimus cream (Elidel; Novartis Pharma, Nuremberg, Germany) to the right hemi-face, twice daily. They were informed to apply a standard amount of each cream with the fingertip-unit and not allowed to use any other agent concomittantly other than sunblock. Clinical evaluation and subjective severity assessment were obtained along with photographic documentation at baseline, first, second, and fourth weeks of the therapy and at the follow-up visit. Rosacea severity score for each sign of erythema, papules, pustules, oedema, and telengiectesia were graded from 0 to 3. Patients were questioned for the subjective symptoms, overall improvement on appearance and side-effects. Results Twenty-four patients completed the study with an exceptional compliance and tolerable safety profile. One patient withdrew from the study due to severe flare-up reaction affecting both hemi-faces. The mean baseline total rosacea severity scores were 5.06 + 1.29 for both sides and reduced to 2.5 +/- 1.06 vs. 3.25 +/- 1.24 on pimecrolimus vs. placebo applied sides without the significance (P = 0.06). There was not any significant difference concerning each rosacea sign scores and total rosacea severity scores except for the significant improvement in erythema score and total rosacea severity score obtained on the pimecrolimus-applied hemi-face at 2nd week of therapy (P = 0.01 and P = 0.03, respectively). The reduction rates of the mean subjective severity scores at 4th week were 49.77% vs. 38.89% for pimecrolimus vs. placebo, respectively, without a statistical significance (P = 0.15). Subjective symptoms responded well in 54.16% of patients concerning pimecrolimus application compared with 12.50% for the placebo application. The side-effects were mostly transient local irritations. Conclusion Our data implicated that pimecrolimus cream is not superior to placebo except for its efficacy on erythema. We believe that pimecrolimus cream can be a treatment option for rosacea patients with high erythema score for whom an initial accelerated improvement is needed. We believe further studies with topical pimecrolimus cream on larger study groups with different subtypes and severity of rosacea will clarify the potential effect of pimecrolimus cream for the treatment of rosacea.
Diets enriched in whey or casein improve energy balance and prevent morbidity and renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats; High-fat diets induce obesity and increase risks of diabetes and cardiovascular and renal disorders. Whey-or casein-enriched diets decrease food intake and weight gain; however, their cardiovascular and renal benefits are unclear. We determined whether whey-and casein-enriched diets improve energy balance and are protective against renal damage and morbidity associated with stroke in an obesogenic and hypertensive experimental setting. We also assessed whether the hypophagic effects of these diets were due to reduced diet preference. In experiment 1, spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats were randomized to (a) control (CON; 14% kcal protein, 33% fat), (b) whey (WHY; 40% protein, 33% fat), (c) casein (CAS; 40% protein, 33% fat) or (d) chow (CHW; 24% protein, 13% fat) for 12 weeks with 1% salt in drinking water for CON, WHY and CAS groups. Our results demonstrated that both WHY and CAS produced short-term hypophagia, moderately increased energy expenditure and decreased respiratory quotient, body weight and lean mass, with effects of WHY being more prolonged. Further, only WHY decreased fat mass and blood pressure. Importantly, both WHY and CAS prevented morbidity associated with stroke and decreased indices of renal inflammation (tumor necrosis factor-a, interleukin-6) and damage (osteopontin, renal lesions). In experiment 2, following four initial conditioning trials, the preference for CON, WHY or CAS diet was determined. Both WHY and CAS decreased food intake during conditioning and decreased preference. In conclusion, diets enriched in whey or casein improved energy balance, increased survival and prevented renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolic changes in dairy cows induced by oral, low-dose interferon-alpha treatment; Many apparently healthy cows show marked inflammatory conditions around calving, associated with endocrine and metabolic changes. To prevent the above conditions, a low-dose, oral interferon-a (IFN-alpha) treatment was carried out on periparturient, multiparous dairy cows. In the first trial, 10 cows received 10 IU of IFN-alpha/kg of BW daily during the last 2 wk of pregnancy. In a second trial, 4 cows received 0.5 IU of IFN-alpha/kg of BW daily until d 5 of lactation. In both trials, a homogenous group of untreated dairy cows was used as control. All cows were monitored, during the month before and after calving, for health status, BCS, milk yield, and inflammatory, metabolic, immune, and hematological variables. Compared with control cows, IFN-alpha-treated animals showed in both trials a larger decrease of BCS along with decreased milk yield (P < 0.05), increased haptoglobin (P < 0.05) and ceruloplasmin, and a slower increase of negative acute phase proteins (albumin, cholesterol, paraoxonase, vitamin A) after calving. Interferon-alpha-treated animals also showed a larger decrease of plasma glucose and greater values of NEFA, beta-hydroxybutyrate, and reactive oxygen metabolites. There also was evidence of IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha responses in both groups before calving with a quick decrease thereafter. The IL-6 response appeared in some animals regardless of the IFN-alpha treatment. Results indicate that low-dose IFN-alpha can sustain an inflammatory response in dairy cows and cause notable metabolic changes. This outcome might be explained by the repeated and extended interaction of IFN-alpha at low doses with the oral lymphoid tissues during rumination, as suggested by the observed stability of the cytokine in the rumen milieu; the final inflammatory effect could thus be as large as that of high doses. In addition, the antiflogistic signal of IFN-alpha might be counteracted and inverted by lymphocytes detected in the rumen liquor.
The acute effects of milk intake on calcium homeostasis and cardiovascular outcome: A randomized crossover trial in postmenopausal women; Objective The importance of calcium intake from dairy in regard to cardiovascular health has been investigated in several studies with discrepant results. Hence, we aim to investigate the immediate effects of milk intake on cardiovascular function. Design A randomized crossover study with at least 10 days for washout between the two interventions, 500 ml of water with 200 mu g of cholecalciferol or 500 ml of semi-skimmed milk containing approximately 600 mg of calcium with 200 mu g of cholecalciferol. Patients Twenty community-based postmenopausal women aged 60-80 years. Measurements Parathyroid hormone and ionized calcium were measured at baseline and after 2 and 4 h on each study day. Pulse wave analysis and velocity were measured at baseline and after 4 h on each study day. Results Compared to water, milk intake increased ionized calcium levels by 0.02 mmol/L (p = .029) and decreased parathyroid hormone levels by 1.78 pmol/L (p < .001). The two interventions caused no changes as measured 4 h after the intervention in the following indices of cardiovascular health; pulse wave velocity, brachial diastolic or systolic blood pressure, central diastolic or systolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, pulse pressure, augmentation pressure, augmentation index, heart rate or pulse transit time. Conclusions Despite significant changes in calcium homeostasis with increased levels of ionized calcium following milk intake, no acute effects seem to occur on measures of cardiovascular health.
EFFECT OF DRY PERIOD OVER-CONDITIONING ON SUBSEQUENT METABOLIC DISORDERS AND PERFORMANCE OF DAIRY-COWS; In 2 trials with 44 cows over an 8 wk dry period, control cows were fed alfalfa forage and minimal grain compared to liberal grain plus corn silage (trial 1) or plus alfalfa forage (trial 2). Following parturition all cows were fed to meet requirements. In trial 2 1/2 of each group received nicotinic acid at .apprx. 12 g daily for 8 wk, starting on the 8th day postpartum. In trial 1 overconditioned exceeded control in prepartum insulin 41.4 to 23.5 .mu.U[unit]/ml, free fatty acids of plasma 1 wk postpartum 23.9 to 19.0 mg/100 ml and 2 to 4 wk postpartum 16.3 to 12.1 mg/100 ml, body weight gain during the dry period 77.1 to 38.5 kg. In trial 2 overconditioned exceeded control only in intake of digestible energy during the dry period 42.9 to 38.1 Mcal/day and postpartum 64.1 to 62.3 Mcal/day along with milk protein 3.39 to 3.20%. Cows fed nicotinic acid showed an advantage over controls in body weight change +1.41 to -3.75 kg/wk, digestible energy intake 64.1 to 62.2 Mcal/day and cholesterol of plasma 175 to 204 mg/100 ml. Liver biopsies 2 days postcalving in overconditioned compared to controls showed total lipids 12.5 to 9.8%, triglycerides 67.3 to 30.5 mg/g, phospholipids 19.8 to 27.7 mg/g and triglyceride: phospholipid ratio 3.4 to 1.1. Total cases of periparturient diseases of combined trials were 31 overconditioned and 21 control during the first 11 wk postpartum.
Daily supplementation with (n-3) PUFAs, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins B-6 and E increases pain-free walking distance and improves risk factors in men with peripheral vascular disease; A number of nutrients are known to be effective in preventing cardiovascular disease (CVD). We investigated the possible effects of a daily intake of low amounts of these nutrients on risk factors and clinical parameters in patients with peripheral vascular disease and intermittent claudication (PVD-IC). Male PVD-IC patients (n = 60) were randomly allocated into 2 groups. The supplement (S) group consumed 500 mL/d of a fortified dairy product containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins A, B-6, D, and E. The control (C) group consumed 500 mL/d of semiskimmed milk with added vitamins A and D. The patients received lifestyle and dietary recommendations, and they were instructed to consume the products in addition to their regular diet. Blood extractions and clinical explorations were performed after 0, 3, 6, 9, and 12 mo. Plasma concentrations of EPA, DHA, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins B-6 and E increased after treatment with supplements (P < 0.05). Plasma total cholesterol and ApoB concentrations decreased in the S group, and total homocysteine decreased in those patients with high initial concentrations. Walking distance before the onset of claudication increased in the S group (P < 0.001), and ankle-brachial pressure index values increased (P < 0.05). The inclusion in the everyday diet of certain nutrients known to promote cardiovascular health improved clinical outcomes while reducing a variety of risk factors in men with PVD-IC, providing new evidence of the potential role of nutrition in the reduction of PVD-IC symptoms.
Prevalence of subclinical ketosis and relationships with postpartum diseases in European dairy cows; Subclinical ketosis (SCK) is defined as concentrations of beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) >= 1.2 to 1.4 mmol/L and it is considered a gateway condition for other metabolic and infectious disorders such as metritis, mastitis, clinical ketosis, and displaced abomasum. Reported prevalence rates range from 6.9 to 43% in the first 2 mo of lactation. However, there is a dearth of information on prevalence rates considering the diversity of European dairy farms. The objectives of this study were to (1) determine prevalence of SCK, (2) identify thresholds of BHBA, and (3) study their relationships with postpartum metritis, clinical ketosis, displaced abomasum, lameness, and mastitis in European dairy farms. From May to October 2011, a convenience sample of 528 dairy herds from Croatia, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Serbia, Slovenia, Spain, and Turkey was studied. beta-Hydroxybutyrate levels were measured in 5,884 cows with a handheld meter within 2 to 15 d in milk (DIM). On average, 11 cows were enrolled per farm and relevant information (e.g., DIM, postpartum diseases, herd size) was recorded. Using receiver operator characteristic curve analyses, blood BHBA thresholds were determined for the occurrence of metritis, mastitis, clinical ketosis, displaced abomasum, and lameness. Multivariate binary logistic regression models were built for each disease, considering cow as the experimental unit and herd as a random effect. Overall prevalence of SCK (i.e., blood BHBA >= 1.2 mmol/L) within 10 countries was 21.8%, ranging from 11.2 to 36.6%. Cows with SCK had 1.5, 9.5, and 5.0 times greater odds of developing metritis, clinical ketosis, and displaced abomasum, respectively. Multivariate binary logistic regression models demonstrated that cows with blood BHBA levels of >= 1.4, >= 1.1 and >= 1.7 mmol/L during 2 to 15 DIM had 1.7, 10.5, and 6.9 times greater odds of developing metritis, clinical ketosis, and displaced abomasum, respectively, compared with cows with lower BHBA blood levels. Interestingly, a postpartum blood BHBA threshold >= 1.1 mmol/L increased the odds for lameness in dairy cows 1.8 (95% confidence interval: 1.3 to 2.5) times. Overall, prevalence of SCK was high between 2 to 15 DIM and SCK increased the odds of metritis, clinical ketosis, lameness, and displaced abomasum in European dairy herds.
Health-related outcomes of genetic polymorphism of bovine β-casein variants: A systematic review of randomised controlled trials; Background: A number of randomised in vivo trials have to date investigated the health impacts of the genetic variants A1 and A2 of bovine I3-casein. The primary difference between these two genetic variants is the mutation leading to an amino acid exchange at a position 67 in the peptide chain. This systematic review evaluated the effects of bovine milk, I3-casein and pure I3-casomorphin7, in the form of orally administered nutritional ingredients, on possible incidence and risk for chronic digestive discomfort and development of incurable conditions and diseases in human and animal randomised controlled trials. Scope and approach: Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) checklist, searches were performed for publications across 7 electronic databases (Scopus, Embase, Web of Science, Medline, EBSCO, PubMed, and Cochrane) up to and until July 2020, to identify randomised controlled trials. The subsequent search results were screened for relevance firstly by title, then abstract, and the chosen ones by full text, with additional screening of included articles reference lists. Key findings and conclusions: In total 2006 peer-reviewed journal articles were identified and after applying exclusion criteria, 19 studies were deemed suitable for inclusion. Human-based and animal-based results from the clinical in vivo studies demonstrated that consumption of A2 I3-casein milk can lead to improved tolerance of milk via decline in the ubiquity of gut related discomfort. However, the exact mechanism for these effects or specific individuals that may benefit from A2 I3-casein milk as opposed to A1 I3-casein milk is still poorly understood. Notably, consumption of A2 I3-casein milk had very low to completely no effect on the other health statuses investigated, particularly non-communicable diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases, neurological disorders, and diabetes. Based on current data, there is not sufficient evidence to merit public health authority recommendations related to the consumption and health associations of A1 I3-casein milk or A2 I3-casein milk. Interestingly, regardless of the scientific evidence between A2 I3-casein milk and health, this milk continues to gain prominence on the market, thus further functional research is required to understand the mechanisms of action of these identified peptides and gene variants and any implications A1 or A2 I3-casein milk may have on human health and techno-functional properties of milks.
Topical metronidazole maintains remissions of rosacea; Background: Rosacea is a chronic skin disease that requires long-term therapy. Oral antibiotics and topical metronidazole successfully treat rosacea. Because long-term use of systemic antibiotics carries risks for systemic complications and adverse reactions, topical treatments are preferred. Objective: To determine if the use of topical metronidazole gel (Metrogel) could prevent relapse of moderate to severe rosacea. Design: A combination of oral tetracycline and topical metronidazole gel was used to treat 113 subjects with rosacea (open portion of the study). Successfully treated subjects (n = 88) entered a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study applying either 0.75% topical metronidazole gel (active agent) or topical metronidazole vehicle gel (placebo) twice daily (blinded portion of the study). Setting: Subjects were enrolled at 6 separate sites in large cities at sites associated with major medical centers. Subjects: One hundred thirteen subjects with at least 6 inflammatory papules and pustules, moderate to severe facial erythema, and telangiectasia entered the open phase of the study. Eighty-eight subjects responded to treatment with systemic tetracycline and topical metronidazole gel as measured by at least a 70% reduction in the number of inflammatory lesions. These subjects were randomized to receive 1 of 2 treatments: either 0.75% metronidazole gel or placebo gel. Interventions: Subjects were evaluated monthly for up to 6 months to determine relapse rates. Main Outcome Measures: Inflammatory papules and pustules were counted at each visit. Relapse was determined by the appearance of a clinically significant increase in the number of papules and pustules. Prominence of telangiectases and dryness (roughness and scaling) were also observed. Results: In the open phase, treatment with tetracycline and metronidazole gel eliminated all papules and pustules in 67 subjects (59%). The faces of 104 subjects (92%) displayed fewer papules and pustules after treatment, and 82 subjects (73%) exhibited less erythema. In the randomized double blind phase, the use of topical metronidazole significantly prolonged the disease-free interval and minimized recurrence compared with subjects treated with the vehicle. Eighteen (42%) of 43 subjects applying the vehicle experienced relapse, compared with 9 (23%) of 39 subjects applying metronidazole gel (P<.05). The metronidazole group had fewer papules and/or pustules after 6 months of treatment (P<.01). Relapse of erythema also occurred less often in subjects treated with metronidazole (74% vs 55%). Conclusion: In a majority of subjects studied, continued treatment with metronidazole gel alone maintains remission of moderate to severe rosacea induced by treatment with Oral tetracycline and topical metronidazole gel.
Effects of probiotic supplementation during pregnancy on metabolic outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aim: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to evaluate the effect of probiotics in pregnancy on the incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM) and fasting plasma glucose (FPG). Methods: A MEDLINE, EMBASE, Scopus and Cochrane search (up to May 30th, 2019) was performed to identify RCTs of comparison of probiotics with placebo/active comparators in pregnant women. Principal endpoints were the incidence of GDM and the change of FPG. Other maternal and fetal outcomes were secondary endpoints. Mantel-Haenszel Odds Ratio with 95% CI (MH-OR) was calculated for dichotomous outcomes, whereas standardized differences in means was calculated for continuous variables. (PROSPERO registration CRD42019139889). Findings: A total of 17 RCTs, all versus placebo, was identified. The overall quality of the trials was satisfactory. No effect of probiotics on incidence of GDM (MH-OR: 0.77[0.51,1.16], p = 0.21,I2:62%) was observed, with a small but significant reduction of FPG (mean difference -1.01 [-1.96, -0.06]mg/dl, p = 0.02, I-2: 46%). Among secondary endpoints, a significant reduction of maternal insulin (both in women with or without diabetes) was observed in the probiotics group. Interpretation: Probiotics during pregnancy do not reduce the incidence of GDM, with a very little (statistically but not clinically significant) reduction of fasting plasma glucose. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Topical Stabilized Cysteamine as a New Treatment for Hyperpigmentation Disorders: Melasma, Post-Inflammatory Hyperpigmentation, and Lentigines; Cysteamine is an aminothiol naturally present in cells of the human body as an antioxidant resulting from the degradation of Coenzyme A. Physiologically it is well distributed in mammalian tissues. Highly concentrated in human milk, cysteamine acts as an intrinsic antioxidant and is known for its protective role. Multiple studies now document that cysteamine is a potent skin depigmenting agent. Historically, its rapid oxidation and very offensive odor made it difficult for topical use until recently when stabilization of cysteamine was achieved. This has led to an acceptable galenical form for topical application. Since 2015, the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of stabilized cysteamine (st.Cys) has been demonstrated in multiple clinical studies, as well a case reports. Stabilized cysteamine has demonstrated significant effectiveness for the treatment of melasma by two double-blind randomized and vehicle control trials. Stabilized cysteamine has shown to be as effective as well-known depigmenting therapies, including triple combination cream or tranexamic acid mesotherapy, with higher tolerability. A recent clinical trial has shown considerable efficacy of topical cysteamine for the treatment of senile lentigines, which are usually considered to be resistant to topical depigmenting agents. Topical stabilized cysteamine can be regarded to as one of the most potent treatments available for hyperpigmentation disorders in humans.
Herd and cow characteristics affecting the odds of veterinary treatment for disease - a multilevel analysis; Background: Research has indicated that a number of different factors affect whether an animal receives treatment or not when diseased. The aim of this paper was to evaluate if herd or individual animal characteristics influence whether cattle receives veterinary treatment for disease, and thereby also introduce misclassification in the disease recording system. Methods: The data consisted mainly of disease events reported by farmers during 2004. We modelled odds of receiving veterinary treatment when diseased, using two-level logistic regression models for cows and young animals (calves and heifers), respectively. Model parameters were estimated using three procedures, because these procedures have been shown, under some conditions, to produce biased estimates for multi-level models with binary outcomes. Results: Cows located in herds mainly consisting of Swedish Holstein cows had higher odds for veterinary treatment than cows in herds mainly consisting of Swedish Red cows. Cows with a disease event early in lactation had higher odds for treatment than when the event occurred later in lactation. There were also higher odds for veterinary treatment of events for cows in January and April than in July and October. The odds for veterinary treatment of events in young animals were higher if the farmer appeared to be good at keeping records. Having a disease event at the same date as another animal increased the odds for veterinary treatment for all events in young animals, and for lameness, metabolic, udder and other disorders, but not for peripartum disorders, in cows. There were also differences in the odds for veterinary treatment between disease complexes, both for cows and young animals. The random effect of herd was significant in both models and accounted for 40-44% of the variation in the cow model and 30-46% in the young animal model. Conclusion: We conclude that cow and herd characteristics influence the odds for veterinary treatment and that this might bias the results from studies using data from the cattle disease database based on veterinary practice records.
Low-dose 5-fluorouracil in combination with salicylic acid as a new lesion-directed option to treat topically actinic keratoses: histological and clinical study results; Background Actinic keratoses (AKs) arise after chronic sun exposure. Because long-term ultraviolet (UV) damage may induce proliferation of atypical keratinocytes, treatment of AKs is recommended. Objectives To compare 5-fluorouracil 0.5%/salicylic acid 10.0% [low-dose 5-FU/SA (Actikerall (R))] with diclofenac 3% in hyaluronic acid (diclofenac HA) and vehicle for the treatment of AKs. Methods This was a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel-group, multicentre trial. Patients received topical low-dose 5-FU/SA once daily, its vehicle or diclofenac HA twice daily for a maximum of 12 weeks. The final evaluation was at week 20. The primary objectives were to demonstrate the histological clearance rate of one predefined lesion. The secondary objectives were the improvement of treated lesions, tolerability and safety. Results There were 470 patients with 4-10 AK lesions each (grade I or II) on the face/forehead or bald scalp included in the study. Low-dose 5-FU/SA was superior to diclofenac HA (P < 0.01) and vehicle (P < 0.0001) for histological clearance of one representative lesion 8 weeks post-treatment. In 72.0%, 59.1% and 44.8% of patients in the low-dose 5-FU/SA, diclofenac HA and vehicle groups, respectively, the week-20 biopsy revealed no AKs. Significantly more lesions were cleared with low-dose 5-FU/SA (74.5%) compared with diclofenac HA (54.6%; P < 0.001) or vehicle (35.5%; P < 0.001). Low-dose 5-FU/SA was superior in terms of complete clinical clearance: 55.4%, vs. diclofenac HA (32.0%, P < 0.001) and vehicle (15.1% P < 0.001). Application-site disorders (mainly burning and inflammation) were more frequent with low-dose 5-FU/SA but mainly of mild to moderate intensity. Conclusions Topical low-dose 5-FU/SA demonstrated higher histological and clinical clearance rates vs. diclofenac HA or vehicle. Low-dose 5-FU/SA is an effective lesion-directed treatment for AKs.
Relationship between somatic cell count and milk yield in different stages of lactation; The association between somatic cell count (SCC) and daily milk yield in different stages of lactation was investigated in cows free of clinical mastitis (CM). Data were recorded between 1989 and 2004 in a research herd, and consisted of weekly test-day (TD) records from 1,155 lactations of Swedish Holstein and Swedish Red cows. The main data set (data set A) containing 36,117 records excluded TD affected by CM. In this data set, the geometric mean SCC was 55,000 and 95,000 cells/mL in primiparous and multiparous cows, respectively. A subset of data set A (data set B), containing 27,753 records excluding all TD sampled in lactations affected by CM, was created to investigate the effect of subclinical mastitis (SCM) in lactations free of CM. Daily milk yields were analyzed using a mixed linear model with lactation stage; linear, quadratic and cubic regressions of log(2)-transformed and centered SCC nested within lactation stage; weeks in lactation; TD season; parity; breed; pregnancy status; year-season of calving; calving, reproductive, metabolic and claw disorders; and housing system as fixed effects. A random regression was included to further improve the modeling of the lactation curve. Primiparous and multiparous cows were analyzed separately. The magnitude of daily milk loss associated with increased SCC depended on stage of lactation and parity, and was most extensive in late lactation irrespective of parity. In data set A, daily milk loss at an SCC of 500,000 cells/mL ranged from 0.7 to 2.0 kg (3 to 9%) in primiparous cows, depending on stage of lactation. In multiparous cows, corresponding loss was 1.1 to 3.7 kg (4 to 18%). Regression coefficients of primiparous cows estimated from data set B were consistent with those obtained from data set A, whereas data set B generated more negative regression coefficients of multiparous cows suggesting a higher milk loss associated with increased SCC in lactations in which the cow did not develop CM. The 305-d milk loss in the average lactation affected with SCM was 155 kg of milk (2%) in primiparous cows and 445 kg of milk (5%) in multiparous cows. It was concluded that multiparous cows in late lactation can be expected to be responsible for the majority of the herd-level production loss caused by SCM, and that preventive measures need to focus on reducing the incidence of SCM in such cows.
Daily fortified-synbiotic yogurt consumption facilitates appetite control in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome during a weight-loss program: a 10-week randomized controlled trial; Objective:Weight loss programm is known to increase the appetite and motivation to eat. The aim of the present study was to compare the effect of fortified-synbiotic yogurt (FSY) with calcium, whey protein and vitamin D with low-fat conventional yogurt (LFY) on appetite control in overweight/obese individuals during weight loss. Method and matrials: This was a randomized, double-blinded, parallel-arm, 10-week study. Participants were randomly allocated to two groups receiving either two servings (2x250 g)/day of a fortified synbiotic yogurt (FSY) with whey protein, calcium, and vitamin D (n=44) or a low-fat conventional yogurt (LFY) (n=43). All participants were put on a caloric-restricted diet throughout the 10-week study. Fasting Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) was used to measure subjective sensations of appetite in before commencing the study, at weeks 5 and 10 of the study. Fasting plasma concentrations of ghrelin were measured as well. Result: Both groups showed a significant (P<0.001) weight loss (-4.3 +/- 1.9 kg and -5.12 +/- 3.03 kg in the LFY and FSY groups, respectively). A treatment and timextreatment interaction effect indicated that weight loss with FSY induced a smaller increase in desire to eat and hunger and smaller reduction in fullness sensations (P<0.05). Intrisingly, per each kg body fat mass loss during the weight loss, the increase in the desire to eat and hunger as well as decrease in the fullness scores were significanity lower (P<0.05) in the FSY compared to LFY group. Furthermore, changes in ghrelin concentration correlated with those in desire to eat (r=0.34, P=0.001), hunger (r =0.64, P <0-001) and fullness (r= -0.39, P<0.001) sensations. Although changes in fasting ghrelin concentrations were not significantly diffrerent between groups at the end of the study; the FSY group showed smaller increase in gerlin after 10-weeks study. Conclusions: Collectively, our promising results showed that FSY supplementation attenuates the orexigenic effect of body weight loss compared with LFY and in overweight and obese individuals.
Capsicum pain plaster in chronic non-specific low back pain; Topically applied capsaicin (CAS 404-86-4) induces the release of substance P, a neurotransmitter, from sensory C-fibres. In addition, there is a specific blockade of transport and de-novo synthesis of substance P. As a result, repeated applications of capsaicin bring about a long lasting desensitisation to pain (increase of pain threshold). The desensitising effect is fully reversible. The confirmed pharmacodynamic actions and a number of double-blind clinical studies indicate that local capsicum preparations are very suitable for the treatment of neuropathic pain or musculoskeletal disorders, with or without inflammatory components. In a double-blind, randomised parallel-group study a capsicum plaster was compared with a placebo for 3 weeks in 154 patients with non-specific back pain. Inclusion criteria were a history of back pain for a minimum period of 3 months and a degree of pain of 5 or more on an eleven grade visual analogue scale. The principal target variable consisted of the score of 3 combined pain scales. Secondary efficacy measures were tests of mobility, a disability index (in the context of Arhus low back rating scale) and global assessments by physicians and patients. For patients to be rated as responders their total pain score at the final examination after 3 weeks of treatment had to show a reduction by at least 30 % of the baseline value. The study unequivocally achieved the target criterion with a rate of responders in the capsicum group of 60.8 % against 42.1 % in the placebo group (p = 0.0219). The sum of the 3 separate pain scales decreased more markedly In the capsicum group than in the placebo group (38.5 % compared to 28.0 %; p = 0.002). Relatively slight Improvements of the impaired mobility and the functional status are explained by the characteristics of the disorder treated. The efficacy ratings by observers and patients was definitely in favour of capsicum. Adverse effects - mostly harmless and resolving spontaneously - were reported by 15 patients In the capsicum group and by 9 In the placebo group. The tolerance ratings by Investigators and patients were superior to the placebo product. This, however, partly Is due to the local pharmacological actions of the drug. As In comparably positive randomised studies with capsaicin cream In patients with osteoarthritis or fibromyalgia it was shown that a capsicum plaster preparation can also be used to advantage in chronic non-specific back pain.
Prepartum dietary energy intake affects metabolism and health during the periparturient period in primiparous and multiparous Holstein cows; An experiment was conducted to determine the effect of prepartum plane of energy intake on metabolic profiles related to lipid metabolism and health in blood and liver. Primiparous (n = 24) and multiparous (n = 23) Holsteins were randomly assigned by expected date of parturition to 1 of 3 prepartum energy intakes. A high energy diet [1.62 Mcal of net energy for lactation (NEL)/kg; 15% crude protein] was fed for either ad libitum intake or restricted intake to supply 150% (OVR) or 80% (RES) of energy requirements for dry cows in late gestation. To limit energy intake to 100% of National Research Council requirements at ad libitum intake, chopped wheat straw was included as 31.8% of dry matter for a control diet (CON; 1.21 Mcal of NEL/kg of dry matter; 14.2% crude protein). Regardless of parity group, OVR cows had greater concentrations of glucose, insulin, and leptin in blood prepartum compared with either CON or RES cows; however, dietary effects did not carry over to the postpartum period. Prepartum nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) were lower in OVR cows compared with either CON or RES cows. Postpartum, however, OVR cows had evidence of greater mobilization of triacylglycerol (TAG) from adipose tissue as NEFA were higher than in CON or RES cows, especially within the first 10 d postpartum. Prepartum beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) was not affected by diet before parturition; however, within the first 10 d postpartum, OVR cows had greater BHBA than CON or RES cows. Prepartum diet did not affect liver composition prepartum; however, OVR cows had greater total lipid and TAG concentrations and lower glycogen postpartum than CON or RES cows. Frequency of ketosis and displaced abomasum was greater for OVR cows compared with CON or RES cows postpartum. Controlling or restricting prepartum energy intake yielded metabolic results that were strikingly similar both prepartum and postpartum, independent of parity group. The use of a bulky diet controlled prepartum energy intake in multiparous and primiparous cows, improved metabolic status postpartum, and reduced the incidence of health problems. When metabolic profiles are considered collectively, cows overfed energy prepartum exhibited an "overnutrition syndrome" with characteristics of clinical symptoms displayed by diabetic or obese nonruminant subjects. This syndrome likely contributed to metabolic dysfunction postpartum.
Genetic parameters of subclinical macromineral disorders and major clinical diseases in postparturient Holstein cows; The main objective of this study was to assess the genetic parameters of subclinical disorders associated with subclinical hypocalcemia, hypophosphatemia, subclinical hypomagnesemia, hypokalemia, and hyperphosphatemia, as well as major clinical diseases after calving in Holstein cows. The secondary objective was to estimate the associated genetic and phenotypic correlations among these subclinical and clinical conditions after calving in Holstein cows. The study was conducted in 9 dairy herds located in Northern Greece. None of the herds used any kind of preventive measures for milk fever (MF). A total of 1,021 Holstein cows with pedigree information were examined from November 2010 until November 2012. The distribution across parities was 466 (parity 1), 242 (parity 2), 165 (parity 3), and 148 (parity 4 and above) cows. All cows were subjected to a detailed clinical examination and blood was sampled on d 1, 2, 4, and 8 after calving. Serum concentrations of Ca, P, Mg, and K were measured in all samples, whereas beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) was measured only for d 8. The final data set included 4,064 clinical and 16,848 biochemical records (4,020 Ca, 4,019 P, 4,020 Mg, 3,792 K, and 997 BHB). Data of 1,988 observations of body condition score at d 1 and 8 were also available. All health traits were analyzed with a univariate random regression model. The genetic analysis for macromineral-related disorders included 986 cows with no obvious signs of MF (35 cows with MF were excluded). Analysis for other health traits included all 1,021 cows. A similar single record model was used for the analysis of BHB. Genetic correlations among traits were estimated with a series of bivariate analyses. Statistically significant daily heritabilities of subclinical hypocalcemia (0.13-0.25), hypophosphatemia (0.18-0.33), subclinical hypomagnesemia (0.11-0.38), and hyperphosphatemia (0.14-0.22) were low to moderate, whereas that of hypokalemia was low (0.08-0.10). The heritability of body condition score was 0.20 +/- 0.10. Statistically significant daily heritabilities of clinical diseases were those of MF (0.07-0.11), left displaced abomasum (0.19-0.31), and mastitis (0.15-0.41). Results suggest that these health disorders are heritable traits and could be minimized with proper genetic selection. Statistically significant phenotypic correlations were estimated for the first time between macromineral concentrations and almost all transition cow metabolic and infectious health disorders.
A Preliminary Study on the Relationship between Parasitaemia and Cytokine Expression of Peripheral Blood Cells in <i>Trypanosoma vivax</i>-Experimentally Infected Cattle; Simple Summary:& nbsp;Infections by Trypanosoma vivax in livestock have been reported with increasing frequency worldwide. Nevertheless, information regarding the immune response during the infection is scarce. Regarding that, cytokines play an important role as inflammation modulators, influencing the outcome of trypanosomosis. This study aimed to evaluate host cytokine production during T. vivax infection, in order to assess the increase or decrease of selected cytokines with the cattle's ability to control the infection. While animals that showed an increase in IL-6 and IFN? managed T. vivax parasitaemia satisfactorily, cattle that showed reduction of IL-1 beta, IL-2 and TNFa did not control the parasite multiplication. The presented results are preliminary and shed some light on the role of cytokines during T. vivax-infection.<br>Trypanosoma vivax outbreaks have been reported with increasing frequency worldwide, causing significant economic losses in livestock. Though several studies have suggested that cytokine responses may influence infection caused by Trypanosoma sp., their exact role remains unclear and may vary according to the animal species and parasite strain. The present study aimed to evaluate cytokine expression of peripheral blood cells from three Girolando dairy cows experimentally infected with T. vivax. For this purpose, blood samples were collected prior to the inoculation on the day of inoculation (D0), the day after inoculation (D1), and then every seven days up to 119 days after infection (DAI). Each animal presented a unique pattern of cytokine expression. While a tendency of a Th1 cytokine response was observed during the patent phase (presence of circulating parasites), an increase of Th2 cytokine expression was found at the beginning of the sub-patent phase (low parasitaemia or aparasitaemic periods). In animals that presented a better control of parasitaemia, IL-6 and IFN? increased during most of the trial period. On the other hand, the cow that presented reduction of IL-1 beta, IL-2, and TNFa during the entire period did not control parasitaemia properly. A balance between the Th1 and Th2 profile is beneficial for parasite control and animal health. The results found in the present study are a first step towards elucidating the dynamics of cattle's inflammatory response against T. vivax, requiring future studies focusing on the role of key cytokines on the controlling of parasitaemia in different stages of bovine trypanosomosis.
Topical anti-inflammatory agents for seborrhoeic dermatitis of the face or scalp; Background Seborrhoeic dermatitis is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder affecting primarily the skin of the scalp, face, chest, and intertriginous areas, causing scaling and redness of the skin. Current treatment options include antifungal, anti-inflammatory, and keratolytic agents, as well as phototherapy. Objectives To assess the effects of topical pharmacological interventions with established anti-inflammatory action for seborrhoeic dermatitis occurring in adolescents and adults. Search methods We searched the following databases up to September 2013: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in The Cochrane Library (2013, Issue 9), MEDLINE (from 1946), Embase (from 1974), LILACS (from 1982), and the GREAT database. We searched five trials databases and checked the reference lists of included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Selection criteria We included RCTs in adults or adolescents (> 16 years) with diagnosed seborrhoeic dermatitis of the scalp or face, comparing topical anti-inflammatory treatments (steroids, calcineurin inhibitors, and lithium salts) with other treatments. Data collection and analysis Pairs of authors independently assessed eligibility for inclusion, extracted data, and evaluated the risk of bias. We performed meta-analyses if feasible. Main results We included 36 RCTs (2706 participants), of which 31 examined topical steroids; seven, calcineurin inhibitors; and three, lithium salts. The comparative interventions included placebo, azoles, calcipotriol, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory compound, and zinc, as well as different anti-inflammatory treatments compared against each other. Our outcomes of interest were total clearance of symptoms, erythema, scaling or pruritus scores, and adverse effects. The risk of bias in studies was most frequently classified as unclear, due to unclear reporting of methods. Steroid treatment resulted in total clearance more often than placebo in short-term trials (four weeks or less) (relative risk (RR) 3.76, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.22 to 11.56, three RCTs, 313 participants) and in one long-term trial (lasting 12 weeks). Steroids were also more effective in reducing erythema, scaling, and pruritus. Adverse effects were similar in both groups. There may be no difference between steroids and calcineurin inhibitors in total clearance in the short-term (RR 1.08, 95% 0.88 to 1.32, two RCTs, 60 participants, low-quality evidence). Steroids and calcineurin inhibitors were found comparable in all other assessed efficacy outcomes as well (five RCTs, 237 participants). Adverse events were less common in the steroid group compared with the calcineurin group in the short-term (RR 0.22, 95% CI 0.05 to 0.89, two RCTs, 60 participants). There were comparable rates of total clearance in the steroid and azole groups (RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.32, eight RCTs, 464 participants, moderate-quality evidence) as well as of adverse effects in the short-term, but less erythema or scaling with steroids. We found mild (class I and II) and strong (class III and IV) steroids comparable in the assessed outcomes, including adverse events. The only exception was total clearance in long-term use, which occurred more often with a mild steroid (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.63 to 0.98, one RCT, 117 participants, low-quality evidence). In one study, calcineurin inhibitor was more effective than placebo in reducing erythema and scaling, but there were similar rates in total clearance or adverse events for short-term treatment. In another study, calcineurin inhibitor was comparable with azole when erythema, scaling, or adverse effects were measured for longer-term treatment. Lithium was more effective than placebo with regard to total clearance (RR 8.59, 95% CI 2.08 to 35.52, one RCT, 129 participants) with a comparable safety profile. Compared with azole, lithium resulted in total clearance more often (RR 1.79, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.90 in short-term treatment, one RCT, 288 participants, low-quality evidence). Authors' conclusions Topical steroids are an effective treatment for seborrhoeic dermatitis of the face and scalp in adolescents and adults, with no differences between mild and strong steroids in the short-term. There is some evidence of the benefit of topical calcineurin inhibitor or lithium salt treatment. Treatment with azoles seems as effective as steroids concerning short-term total clearance, but in other outcomes, strong steroids were more effective. Calcineurin inhibitor and azole treatment appeared comparable. Lithium salts were more effective than azoles in producing total clearance. Steroids are similarly effective to calcineurin inhibitors but with less adverse effects. Most of the included studies were small and short, lasting four weeks or less. Future trials should be appropriately blinded; include more than 200 to 300 participants; and compare steroids to calcineurin inhibitors or lithium salts, and calcineurin inhibitors to azoles or lithium salts. The follow-up time should be at least one year, and quality of life should be addressed. There is also a need for the development of well-validated outcome measures.
The effect of prepartum feeding and lying space on metabolic health and immune function; The determinants of metabolic and reproductive health disorders in the peripartum period and the degree to which feeding and lying space and management can influence health are only partially understood. The objective of this randomized controlled study was to determine whether providing noncompetitive feeding and lying access in the close-up dry period improves health and immune function. Forty-eight Holstein cows of all parities were randomly assigned to a treatment group of 6 to 10 cows in 1 pen with either 80% cows to stalls and 90 cm of feeding space per cow (understocked) or 120% stocking density and 45 cm of feeding space per cow (overstocked) for 3 wk before expected calving. All cows wore electronic data loggers to monitor daily standing and lying time. Video recordings representing d 7 to 9 after group formation were reviewed, and a competition index (C-Ind) was calculated for each cow by dividing the number of times a cow displaced another as an actor by its total number of actor and reactor displacements. Cows were categorized as high success (C-Ind >= 0.6), moderate success (0.4 <= C-Ind <0.6), or low success (C-Ind <0.4). Weekly blood samples measured nonesterified fatty acids, 3-hydroxybutyrate, calcium, glucose, albumin, aspartate aminotransferase, bilirubin, haptoglobin, insulin, and insulin-like growth factor-1 from 3 wk before to 5 wk after calving. Measures of innate immune function (neutrophil phagocytosis and oxidative burst) were assessed at -2, -1, 1, 2, 3, and 5 wk relative to calving. Liver biopsies were collected at wk 1 and 3. Cows in the understocked group spent significantly more time per day lying; the back-transformed least squares means and 95% confidence interval were 14.8 h (13.9-15.6) versus 12.8 h (12.0-13.7). Controlling for parity, there was no difference between treatments in 3-hydroxybutyrate, nonesterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, insulin-like growth factor 1, aspartate aminotransferase, bilirubin, or haptoglobin concentrations. Throughout the study, cows in the understocked treatment had higher mean calcium and tended to have higher albumin and at 3 wk after calving tended to have lower mean liver triacylglycerol content. Overall, there was no treatment effect on phagocytosis, but cows with a higher C-Ind in the understocked treatment group had greater oxidative burst function. There was no effect of treatment on endometritis. Despite increased competition and lower lying time, the expected harmful effects of crowding and competition on metabolic indicators and innate immune function were mostly not observed. Although this does not refute the importance of access to feeding and lying space, these results indicate that metabolic and reproductive health is more complex than can be explained solely by exposure to what are understood to be best practices for space allowances.
Efficacy of topical <i>Calendula officinalis</i> on prevalence of radiation-induced dermatitis: A randomised controlled trial; Objectives: A randomised controlled trial was undertaken to compare the efficacy of topical Calendula officinalis (Calendula) versus standard of care (Sorbolene: 10% glycerine in cetomacragol cream) in reducing the prevalence of radiation-induced dermatitis in women undergoing breast cancer radiotherapy. Methods: A total of 271 women were screened and 82 were randomised. The primary outcome was prevalence of acute radiation-induced dermatitis (RTOG grade 2+) assessed at multiple skin sites. A chi-squared test was conducted for the primary outcome with a worst-case scenario imputation. Results: The recruitment target (n = 178) was not achieved. A total of n = 81 participants were analysed (n = 40 Calendula; n = 41 Sorbolene). There was no detectable difference in prevalence of radiation-induced dermatitis grade 2+ between the Calendula (53%) and Sorbolene (62%) groups (primary analysis OR = 0.87, 95% CI: [0.36, 2.09], P = 0.92; covariate adjusted complete case analysis OR 0.40, 95% CI: [0.13, 1.20], P = 0.10). Conclusion: This randomised controlled trial showed no difference between Calendula and standard of care (Sorbolene) for the prevention of radiation-induced dermatitis. However, the study was underpowered (limited recruitment) for the primary comparison.
Photodynamic therapy vs. topical imiquimod for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: a subgroup analysis within a noninferiority randomized controlled trial; Background A recent noninferiority randomized controlled trial (RCT) indicated that imiquimod can be considered as superior to methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC). Knowledge of treatment effectiveness in subgroups of patients is of great value in clinical practice to select the most effective treatment for an individual patient with sBCC. Objectives To explore whether the relative treatment effect of MAL-PDT and imiquimod is consistent across subgroups defined by patient and tumour characteristics. Methods Data were derived from a single-blinded, noninferiority, multicentre RCT comparing MAL-PDT, topical imiquimod and fluorouracil (ISRCTN79701845). Treatment success was defined as free of tumour recurrence at 12-month follow-up. Subgroup analyses were performed for subgroups defined by sex, age, tumour location and tumour size. Results Two hundred and two patients received MAL-PDT and 198 received imiquimod. The superiority of imiquimod vs. MAL-PDT was observed in subgroups of females, sBCC on the trunk and large tumours with risk differences in favour of imiquimod of 18.4% [95% confidence interval (CI) 7.8-29.0%], 21.0% (95% CI 10.9-31.1%) and 18.9% (95% CI 7.1-30.7%), respectively. Higher probability of treatment success for imiquimod vs. MAL-PDT was consistently found in all other subgroups with the exception of sBCC localized on the lower extremities in older patients. In the latter subgroup, the risk difference at the expense of imiquimod was -57.3% (95% CI -81.7% to -32.9%). Conclusions Imiquimod remains the first-choice treatment for sBCC in terms of effectiveness. In older patients with sBCC on the lower extremities MAL-PDT might be preferred. Results should be interpreted carefully as subgroup analyses were exploratory and not driven by prior hypotheses.
Interventions for melanoma in situ, including lentigo maligna; Background Malignant melanoma is a form of skin cancer associated with significant mortality once it has spread beyond the skin. Melanoma in situ (MIS) is the earliest histologically recognisable stage of malignant melanoma and represents a precursor of invasive melanoma. Lentigo maligna (LM) represents a subtype of pre-invasive intraepidermal melanoma associated specifically with chronic exposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation. Over the past two decades, the incidence of MIS has increased significantly, even more than the invasive counterpart. There are several treatment options for MIS, but no consensus exists on the best therapeutic management of this condition. Objectives To assess the effects of all available interventions, surgical and non-surgical, for the treatment of melanoma in situ, including LM. Search methods We searched the following databases up to November 2014: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in The Cochrane Library (2014, Issue 10), MEDLINE (from 1946), Embase (from 1974), LILACS (from 1982), African Index Medicus (from inception), IndeMED of India (from inception), and Index Medicus for the South-East Asia Region (IMSEAR) (from inception). We scanned the references of included and excluded studies for further references to relevant trials and searched five trials registries. We checked the abstracts of major dermatology and oncology conference proceedings, and we shared our lists of included and excluded studies with industry contacts and other experts in the field of melanoma to try to identify further relevant trials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCT) on the management of MIS, including LM, that compared any intervention to placebo or active treatment. We included individuals, irrespective of age and sex, diagnosed with MIS, including LM, based on histological examination. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently evaluated possible studies for inclusion; extracted data from the included study using a standard data extraction form modified for our review; assessed risk of bias; and analysed data on efficacy, safety, and tolerability. They resolved any disagreements by discussion with a third author. We collected adverse effects information from included studies. Main results Our search identified only 1 study eligible for inclusion (and 1 ongoing study in active recruitment stage), which was a single centre, open label, parallel group, 2-arm RCT with 90 participants, who had 91 histologically proven LM lesions. Forty-four participants, with 44 LM lesions, were treated with imiquimod 5% cream 5 days per week plus tazarotene 0.1% gel 2 days/ week for 3 months, and 46 participants, with 47 LM lesions, were treated with imiquimod 5% cream 5 days per week for 3 months. Two months after cessation of topical treatment, the initial tumour footprint was excised using 2 mm margins via a staged excision. This study was open label, and analysis was not intention-to-treat, leading to a high risk of incomplete outcome data. Our primary outcome 'Histological or clinical complete response' was measured at 5 months in 29/44 participants (66%) treated with imiquimod plus tazarotene (combination therapy) and 27/46 participants (59%) treated with imiquimod (monotherapy). The difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 1.55, P value = 0.48). With regard to our secondary outcomes on recurrence and inflammation, after amean follow up of 42 months, no local recurrences were observed among complete responders. Difference in overall inflammation score between the 2 groups was significant (mean difference (MD) 0.6, 95% CI 0.2 to 1, P value = 0.004), with the mean overall inflammation score being significantly higher in the combination group. The study authors did not clearly report on side-effects. Because of adverse effects, there was a dropout rate of 6/44 participants (13.7%) in the combination group compared with 1/46 (2.2%) in the imiquimod monotherapy group (due to excessive inflammation) before the cessation of topical treatment (first 3 months), but this was not statistically significant (RR 6.27, 95% CI 0.79 to 50.02, P value = 0.08). Authors' conclusions There is a lack of high-quality evidence for the treatment of MIS and LM. For the treatment of MIS, we found no RCTs of surgical interventions aiming to optimise margin control (square method, perimeter technique, 'slowMohs', staged radial sections, staged "mapped" excisions, or Mohs micrographic surgery), which are the mostwidely used interventions recommended as first-line therapy. The use of non-surgical interventions in selected cases (patients with contraindications to surgical interventions) may be effective and may be considered preferable for experienced providers and under close and adequate follow up. For the treatment of LM, we found no RCTs of surgical interventions, which remain the most widely used and recommended available treatment. The use of non-surgical interventions, such as imiquimod, as monotherapy may be effective and may be considered in selected cases where surgical procedures are contraindicated and used preferentially by experienced providers under close and adequate follow up. The use of topical therapies, such as 5-fluorouracil and imiquimod, as neoadjuvant therapies warrants further investigation. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the addition of tazarotene to imiquimod as adjuvant therapy; the current evidence suggests that it can increase topical inflammatory response and withdrawal of participants because of treatment-related side-effects.
Randomized controlled trial of effects of <i>Escherichia coli</i> antiserum on serum immunoglobulin G concentrations and morbidity and mortality rates in foals; Objective-To determine whether administration of commercially available Escherichia coli antiserum to neonatal foals would affect serum IgG concentration or morbidity and mortality rates during the first 60 days of life. Design-Randomized controlled trial. Animals-271 neonatal foals on 4 well-managed farms. Procedure-Foals were randomly assigned to a treatment or control group. All foals were allowed to suckle colostrum normally. in addition, treatment-group foals were given E coli antiserum (10 mi) orally between 0 and 8 hours after birth. Serum samples were obtained between 18 and 36 hours after birth, and serum IgG concentration was determined. Foals were monitored for the first 60 days after birth, and causes of disease or death were recorded. Results-Groups did not differ significantly in regard to breed, sex, month of birth, season of birth, age of dams, parity of dams, duration of gestation, or specific gravity of colostrum before suckling. In addition, groups did not differ significantly in regard to mean serum IgG concentration, prevalence of complete or partial failure of passive transfer of immunity, frequency or causes of disease, or frequency of death from infectious causes. Clinical implications-In this group of foals on well-managed farms, administration of E coli antiserum did not alter serum IgG concentrations or morbidity and mortality rates during the first 60 days of life.
Topical 5-fluorouracil for treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 2: a randomized controlled trial; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate the efficacy of intravaginal application of 5% 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) for the treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) 2 in women. STUDY DESIGN: Women aged 18-29 years with CIN 2 were recruited for this randomized controlled trial of observation vs treatment with intravaginal 5-FU. Women in the observation group returned in 6 months for a Papanicolaou smear, colposcopy, and a human papillomavirus (HPV) deoxyribonucleic acid test. Women in the 5-FU group were treated with intravaginal 5-FU once every 2 weeks for a total of 16 weeks and were similarly evaluated at 6 months. All women who had a baseline visit were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. Values of P < .05 were considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Between August 2010 and June 2013, 60 women were randomized and had a baseline visit for intervention (n = 31) vs observation (n = 29). Of women who had cervical biopsy results at 6 months, regression of disease was demonstrated in 93% of women in the 5-FU group (26 of 28) and 56% of women in the observation group (15 of 27). Under the intention-to-treat analysis, a relative risk for cervical disease regression of 1.62 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.10-2.56) was found between the 5-FU and observation arms (P = .01). When the cervical biopsy, Papanicolaou smear, and HPV results were combined for the 6 month follow-up visit, 50% of the 5-FU group (14 of 28) had a documented normal biopsy, normal Papanicolaou smear, and negative HPV test compared with 22% in the observation group (6 of 27) (relative risk, 2.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-5.09; P < .05). There were no moderate or severe side effects in the intervention group. CONCLUSION: Topical 5-FU appears to be an effective medical therapy for CIN 2 in young women. 5-FU is readily available and may be considered as an off-label treatment option for young women with CIN 2 who are interested in the treatment of disease but want to avoid excisional procedures.
Gel of chamomile vs. urea cream to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer: a randomized controlled trial; AimTo compare a gel made with chamomile (Chamomilla recutita) with a cream of urea as an intervention to delay the time to occurrence of radiation dermatitis. BackgroundRadiation dermatitis is one of the most common adverse effects of radiotherapy in patients with head and neck cancer. It is characterized by erythema, itching, pain, skin breakage and burning sensation, and there is no consensus on how to prevent it. DesignThe study is a randomized controlled clinical trial. MethodsWe will recruit 48 individuals with head and neck cancer who will be starting their radiotherapy and randomize them to receive either gel of chamomile or cream of urea, as an intervention for prevention of radiation dermatitis. Social-demographic data will be collected at baseline, and clinical data will be collected before the initiation of radiotherapy. Participants will be followed weekly to assess development of radiation dermatitis. The protocol is funded by Conselho Nacional de Pesquisa e Desenvolvimento Cientifico (Brazil). The study was approved by a research ethics committee. DiscussionGiven the clinical relevance of preventing radiation dermatitis and the lack of evidence supporting specific preventive interventions, it is important to study new products that might be efficacious to prevent this complication. This article presents the protocol of a randomized controlled trial comparing a gel made with chamomile (intervention) with a cream of urea (control) to prevent radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiotherapy.
Effects of dry-cured ham rich in bioactive peptides on cardiovascular health: A randomized controlled trial; Establishing health effects of bioactive compounds from dry-cured meat is an active area of clinical research. The present study aims to investigate whether consuming dry-cured ham with biopeptides, among other bioactive compounds, modifies blood pressure (BP) and improves other risk factors for cardiovascular disease in humans. This two-arm, cross-over, randomised controlled trial involved 38 healthy subjects with pre-hypertension. Participants received 80 giday dry-cured pork ham or 100 g/day cooked ham (control product). A daily intake of 80 g dry-cured ham did not impair BP or 24 h sodium excretion. Total cholesterol, LDL and basal glucose levels dropped after dry-cured ham consumption (p = 0.00019, p = 0.021 and p = 0.014, respectively). Cooked ham did not affect any of the clinical and biochemical markers. Dry-cured ham components could exert a plethora of activities over the cardiovascular system including lipid and glucose metabolism. Additional studies are needed to confirm the effects of dry-cured meat biopeptides on diverse risk factors in pathological conditions. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Surgical excision versus imiquimod 5% cream for nodular and superficial basal-cell carcinoma (SINS): a multicentre, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial; Background Basal-cell carcinoma is the most common form of skin cancer and its incidence is increasing worldwide. We aimed to assess the effectiveness of imiquimod cream versus surgical excision in patients with low-risk basal-cell carcinoma. Methods We did a multicentre, parallel-group, pragmatic, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial at 12 centres in the UK, in which patients were recruited between June 19, 2003, and Feb 22, 2007, with 3 year follow-up from June 26, 2006, to May 26, 2010. Participants of any age were eligible if they had histologically confirmed primary nodular or superficial basal-cell carcinoma at low-risk sites. We excluded patients with morphoeic or recurrent basal-cell carcinoma and those with Gorlin syndrome. Participants were randomly assigned (1: 1) via computer-generated blocked randomisation, stratified by centre and tumour type, to receive either imiquimod 5% cream once daily for 6 weeks (superficial) or 12 weeks (nodular), or surgical excision with a 4 mm margin. The randomisation sequence was concealed from study investigators. Because of the nature of the interventions, masking of participants was not possible and masking of outcome assessors was only partly possible. The trial statistician was masked to allocation until all analyses had been done. The primary outcome was the proportion of participants with clinical success, defined as absence of initial treatment failure or signs of recurrence at 3 years from start of treatment. We used a prespecified non-inferiority margin of a relative risk (RR) of 0.87. Analysis was by a modified intention-to-treat population and per protocol. This study is registered as an International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial (ISRCTN48755084), and with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00066872. Findings 501 participants were randomly assigned to the imiquimod group (n=254) or the surgical excision group (n=247). At year 3, 401 (80%) patients were included in the modified intention-to-treat group. At 3 years, 178 (84%) of 213 participants in the imiquimod group were treated successfully compared with 185 (98%) of 188 participants in the surgery group (RR 0.84, 98% CI 0.78-0.91; p<0.0001). No clear difference was noted between groups in patient-assessed cosmetic outcomes. The most common adverse events were itching (211 patients in the imiquimod group vs 129 in the surgery group) and weeping (160 vs 81). We recorded serious adverse events in 99 (40%) of 249 participants in the imiquimod group and 97 (42%) of 229 in the surgery group had serious adverse events, but none were regarded as related to treatment. 12 (5%) participants in the imiquimod group withdrew because of adverse events compared with four (2%) in the surgery group. Interpretation Imiquimod was inferior to surgery according to our predefined non-inferiority criterion. Although excisional surgery remains the best treatment for low-risk basal-cell carcinoma, imiquimod cream might still be a useful treatment option for small low-risk superficial or nodular basal-cell carcinoma dependent on factors such as patient preference, size and site of the lesion, and whether the patient has more than one lesion.
The effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on oxidative stress and clinical indices of migraine patients: a randomized controlled trial; Aims: The relationship between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and oxidative stress (OS) in patients diagnosed with migraine is unknown and remains to be examined. Hence, we conducted a parallel-group, randomized controlled trial to investigate this issue. Methods: Of the 102 women who met all the inclusion criteria, 51 individuals were randomized to the DASH diet group and 51 to the usual dietary advice group to receive allocated intervention for three months. In order to assess the compliance of participants to the DASH diet, dietary records, and serum vitamin C levels were examined. Parameters of OS status (e.g. nitric oxide (NO), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), total oxidative status (TOS), malondialdehyde (MDA), and oxidative stress index (OSI)) and clinical indices of migraine (e.g. migraine index (MI), headache dairy result (HDR), and migraine headache index score (MHIS)) were assessed at the beginning and the end of the study. Results: There was a significant reduction in NO (-5.75 vs. + 4.18, P = 0.025) and TOS (-1.55 vs. + 0.71, P = 0.034), and a marginally significant reduction in OSI (-0.10 vs. + 0.14, P = 0.060) in the DASH group compared with the control. Compliance with the DASH diet resulted in a significant decrease in the score of MI (-31.33 vs. - 15.09), HDR (-5.04 vs. -2.51), and MHIS (-44.21 vs. -26.74). Moreover, no significant change was observed in TAC, MDA, and total thiol content. Conclusion: This type of dietary approach can be considered as a complementary treatment for migraine patients, also further investigations are needed to replicate our findings.
TOPical Imiquimod treatment of residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC-2 trial): a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Cervical dysplasia (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) is caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) and is most common in women of reproductive age. Current treatment of moderate to severe CIN is surgical. This procedure has potential complications, such as haemorrhage, infection and preterm birth in subsequent pregnancies. Moreover, 15% of women treated for high grade CIN develop residual/recurrent CIN or cervical cancer after surgical excision. Finally, 75-100% of patients with a residual and recurrent CIN 2-3 lesion are still HPV positive. They could possibly benefit from an alternative medical treatment, which aims to eliminate HPV. The primary study objective is to evaluate the effectivity of imiquimod 5% cream compared to treatment with Large Loop Excision of the Transformation Zone (LLETZ) for recurrent/residual CIN. Methods/design: This study is a multicentre, non-inferiority randomized single blinded study. The study population consists of female patients with histological proven residual/recurrent CIN after previous surgical treatment. Four hundred thirty-three patients will be included in the Netherlands. The first 35 patients will be included in a pilot study to prove non-futility. Included patients will be randomized to receive either 5% imiquimod cream or LLETZ treatment. Imiquimod will be inserted three times a week intravaginally for a period of 16 weeks using a vaginal applicator. Ten weeks after the end of imiquimod treatment a biopsy will be taken for treatment response. In case of progressive or stable disease a LLETZ will be performed. At 12 and 24 months after the start of treatment cytology will be taken for follow up. The LLETZ group will be treated according to the current guidelines. Throughout the study, HPV typing and quality of life will be tested. Discussion: Repeated LLETZ in women with residual/recurrent CIN lesions has complications. We would like to possibly offer alternative treatment in a selected group to avoid these risks. Moreover, we monitor treatment efficacy, side effects and long-term recurrence rates.
Surgery versus combined treatment with curettage and imiquimod for nodular basal cell carcinoma: One-year results of a noninferiority, randomized, controlled trial; Purpose: Nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC) is mostly treated with surgical excision. Interest in minimally invasive treatment of these low-risk tumors is increasing. We assessed the effectiveness of nBCC treatment with curettage and imiquimod cream compared with surgical excision. Methods: Patients with nBCC included in this randomized, controlled noninferiority trial were randomly assigned to either a curettage and imiquimod cream group or a surgical excision group. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients free from treatment failure 1 year after the end of treatment. A prespecified noninferiority margin of 8% was used. A modified intention-to-treat and a per-protocol analysis was performed (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02242929). Results: One hundred forty-five patients were randomized: 73 to the curettage and imiquimod cream group and 72 to the surgical excision group. The proportion of patients free of recurrence after 12 months was 86.3% (63/73) for the curettage and imiquimod group and 100% (72/72) for the surgical excision group. The difference in efficacy was -13.7% (95% confidence interval -21.6% to -5.8%; 1-sided P =.0004) favoring surgical excision. Conclusion: Noninferiority of curettage and imiquimod cream cannot be concluded. Given the still high efficacy of curettage and imiquimod cream and the indolent growth pattern of nBCC, curettage and imiquimod could still be a valuable treatment option with the possibility to prevent overuse of excisions. However, it cannot replace surgical excision.
Effect of Dietary Protein Supplementation on Blood Pressure A Randomized, Controlled Trial; Background-Observational studies have reported an inverse association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure (BP). We compared the effect of soy protein, milk protein, and carbohydrate supplementation on BP among healthy adults. Methods and Results-We conducted a randomized, double-blind crossover trial with 3 intervention phases among 352 adults with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension in New Orleans, LA, and Jackson, MS, from September 2003 to April 2008. The trial participants were assigned to take 40 g/d soy protein, milk protein, or carbohydrate supplementation each for 8 weeks in a random order. A 3-week washout period was implemented between the interventions. Three BPs were measured at 2 baseline and 2 termination visits during each of 3 intervention phases with a random-zero sphygmomanometer. Compared with carbohydrate controls, soy protein and milk protein supplementations were significantly associated with -2.0 mm Hg (95% confidence interval -3.2 to -0.7 mm Hg, P=0.002) and -2.3 mm Hg (-3.7 to -1.0 mm Hg, P=0.0007) net changes in systolic BP, respectively. Diastolic BP was also reduced, but this change did not reach statistical significance. There was no significant difference in the BP reductions achieved between soy or milk protein supplementation. Conclusions-The results from this randomized, controlled trial indicate that both soy and milk protein intake reduce systolic BP compared with a high-glycemic-index refined carbohydrate among patients with prehypertension and stage 1 hypertension. Furthermore, these findings suggest that partially replacing carbohydrate with soy or milk protein might be an important component of nutrition intervention strategies for the prevention and treatment of hypertension.
Reducing Radiation Dermatitis Using a Film-forming Silicone Gel During Breast Radiotherapy: A Pilot Randomized-controlled Trial; Background/Aim: To evaluate whether topical use of a film forming silicone gel (StrataXRT (R)) could reduce radiation dermatitis compared to a moisturizing cream (X-derm (R)) in patients receiving whole breast radiotherapy. Patients and Methods: A total of 56 patients with breast cancer were randomized to use StrataXRT or X-derm. The severity of radiation dermatitis was graded using physiological skin parameters, clinician-assessed visual rating scales and patient-reported symptoms. Changes in these parameters from baseline to 4 weeks post-radiotherapy were evaluated every two weeks. Results: Two-way repeated-measures ANOVA revealed different patterns of changes in the erythema index (F=3.609, p=0.008) and melanin index (F=3.475, p=0.015). The post hoc analysis demonstrated a significantly lower erythema index and melanin index in the patients allocated to the StrataXRT group. Conclusion: The use of StrataXRT can reduce radiation dermatitis with respect to objectively measured physiological skin parameters. The results of the present study will support the feasibility of conducting a larger randomized controlled trial.
Technical Effects of Adding 1 % Lidocaine to Technetium Sulfur Colloid for Sentinel Lymphatic Mapping in Early Breast Cancer: Analysis of Data from a Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trial; A practice standard in sentinel lymph node (SLN) mapping in breast cancer is intradermal injection of technetium-99m sulfur colloid (Tc-99m), resulting in significant patient discomfort and pain. A previous randomized controlled trial showed that adding lidocaine to Tc-99m significantly reduced radioisotope injection-related pain. We tested whether 1 % lidocaine admixed with Tc-99m affects feasibility of SLN mapping. Between January 2006 and April 2009, 140 patients with early breast cancer were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1) to receive standard topical 4 % lidocaine cream and intradermal Tc-99m (control) or to one of three other study groups: topical placebo cream and injection of Tc-99m containing sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO3), 1 % lidocaine, or both. All SLN data were collected prospectively. Study groups were comparable for clinicopathological parameters. As previously reported, the addition of 1 % lidocaine to the radioisotope solution significantly improved patient comfort. Overall SLN identification rate in the trial was 93 %. Technical aspects of SLN biopsy were similar for all groups, including time from injection to operation, first SLN (SLN 1) gamma probe counts, ex vivo counts for SLN 1 and SLN 2, and axillary bed counts. SLN identification rates were comparable statistically: control (96 %), lidocaine (90 %), sodium bicarbonate (97 %), and sodium bicarbonate-lidocaine (90 %). The control group had a significantly higher SLN 2/SLN 1 ex vivo count ratio, and the number of SLNs detected was significantly reduced in the lidocaine versus no-lidocaine groups (p < 0.05). Addition of 1 % lidocaine to standard radioisotope solution for SLN mapping in breast cancer is associated with fewer SLNs detected, but it does not appear to compromise SLN identification.
The SINS trial: A randomised controlled trial of excisional surgery versus imiquimod 5% cream for nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma; Background: Basal cell carcinoma is the commonest human cancer. Despite increasing incidence it remains poorly researched. While not life threatening it can cause significant cosmetic disfigurement. Imiquimod, a cream which enhances the body's immune response, may help deal with the number of cases that occur in low-risk sites, especially when good cosmetic results and home use without surgery are needed. This study aims 1. To compare excisional surgery with imiquimod cream for nodular or superficial basal cell carcinoma in low risk sites, with respect to 3 year clinical clearance, cost-effectiveness and cosmetic results. 2. To ascertain if certain phenotypic features and gene polymorphisms predict tumour responsiveness to treatment. Methods/Design: Five hundred participants with low risk nodular or superficial basal cell carcinoma will be recruited from hospitals to this multi-centre, randomised, parallel group, controlled phase III trial. Treatment in the imiquimod group is for 6 weeks for superficial basal cell carcinoma and 12 weeks for nodular basal cell carcinoma. Both treatment groups are followed up in clinic for 3 years. Primary outcome variable: the proportion of participants with clinical evidence of success (no recurrence) at 3 years. The primary outcome will be compared between the two treatment groups. Secondary outcomes include: i) clinical success at 1, 2 and 5 years, ii) time to first recurrence, iii) cosmetic appearance of lesion site after treatment, iv) level of pain, and v) cost-effectiveness. Safety and tolerability data will also be reported. Discussion: This study protocol describes a pragmatic randomised controlled trial which it is hoped will address the above uncertainties. Three-year results will be available towards the end of 2010.
TOPical Imiquimod treatment of high-grade Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC trial): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) is the premalignant condition of cervical cancer. Whereas not all high grade CIN lesions progress to cervical cancer, the natural history and risk of progression of individual lesions remain unpredictable. Therefore, high-grade CIN is currently treated by surgical excision: large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ). This procedure has potential complications, such as acute haemorrhage, prolonged bleeding, infection and preterm birth in subsequent pregnancies. These complications could be prevented by development of a non-invasive treatment modality, such as topical imiquimod treatment. The primary study objective is to investigate the efficacy of topical imiquimod 5 % cream for the treatment of high-grade CIN and to develop a biomarker profile to predict clinical response to imiquimod treatment. Secondary study objectives are to assess treatment side-effects, disease recurrence and quality of life during and after different treatment modalities. Methods/design: The study design is a randomized controlled trial. One hundred forty women with a histological diagnosis of high-grade CIN (CIN 2-3) will be randomized into two arms: imiquimod treatment during 16 weeks (experimental arm) or immediate LLETZ (standard care arm). Treatment efficacy will be evaluated by colposcopy with diagnostic biopsies at 20 weeks for the experimental arm. Successful imiquimod treatment is defined as regression to CIN 1 or less, successful LLETZ treatment is defined as PAP 1 after 6 months. Disease recurrence will be evaluated by cytology at 6, 12 and 24 months after treatment. Side-effects will be evaluated using a standardized report form. Quality of life will be evaluated using validated questionnaires at baseline, 20 weeks and 1 year after treatment. Biomarkers, reflecting both host and viral factors in the pathophysiology of CIN, will be tested at baseline with the aim of developing a predictive biomarker profile for the clinical response to imiquimod treatment. Discussion: Treatment of high-grade CIN lesions with imiquimod in a selected patient population may diminish complications as a result of surgical intervention. More knowledge on treatment efficacy, side effects and long-term recurrence rates after treatment is necessary.
Community-Based Upper Gastrointestinal Cancer Screening in a Randomized Controlled Trial: Baseline Results in a Non-high-incidence Area; A cluster-randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted to evaluate to the effectiveness of reducing mortality of upper gastrointestinal cancer (UGC) and feasibility of screening through a questionnaire combined with endoscopy in non-high-incidence urban areas in China. The trial design, recruitment performance, and preliminary results from baseline endoscopy are reported. Seventy-five communities in two urban cities with a nonhigh-incidence of UGC were randomized to a screening endoscopy arm (n = 38) or a control arm (n = 37). In the screening arm, individuals at high risk of UGC underwent endoscopic screening. The primary outcome was the UGC mortality, and secondary outcomes included the UGC detection rate, incidence rate, survival rate, and clinical stage at the time of diagnosis. A total of 10,416 and 9,565 individuals were recruited into the screening and control arms, respectively. The participation rate was 74.3%. In the screening arm, 5,242 individuals (50.3%) were estimated to be high-risk. Among them, 2,388 (45.6%) underwent endoscopic screening. Age and household income were associated with undergoing endoscopy. Three early esophageal cancer (0.13%), one gastric cancer (0.04%), 29 precancerous esophageal lesions (1.21%), and 53 precancerous gastric lesions (2.22%) were detected. Age, sex, a family history of cancer, intake of meat-egg-milk frequently, superficial gastritis, and clinical symptoms of gastric cancer were associated with the presence of precancerous lesions. The detection rate was low using endoscopic screening in non-high-incidence area given the relatively low compliance rate. These findings provide a reference for designing effective community-based UGC screening strategies in non-high-incidence urban areas.
Effect of kefir beverage consumption on glycemic control: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Kefir is a fermented beverage obtained as a result of lactic-alcoholic fermentation of milk by using kefir grains or a starter culture. Kefir beverage has numerous health benefits owing to its antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory and anti-diabetic properties, while it could also regulate the gut microbiota. This beverage is recommended as a nutritional approach to glycemic control. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) aimed to evaluate the effects of kefir beverage on the glycemic control. For this purpose, a literature search was conducted via databases such as PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar for the articles published until July 2020 with no limitation. The indicators of glycemic control were fasting blood sugar (FBS), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and insulin. In total, six RCTs on a total sample size of 323 subjects were selected for the meta-analysis. Inverse-variance weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated for the mean changes in HbA1c, FBG and insulin compared to baseline. Considering the clinical heterogeneity caused by the varied duration and dosage of kefir beverage treatment, a random effects model was used to estimate the pooled WMD. Findings indicated a more significant reduction in the FBS (WMD = -10.28; 95% CI: - 16.53-4.02; P = 0.001) and insulin (WMD = -2.87; 95% CI: - 3.96-1.78; P < 0.00001) in the kefir treatment group. Furthermore, kefir consumption could reduce HbA1c (HbA1c = -0.64 -1.36, 0.08), while this effect was not considered significant (-0.64; 95% CI: -1.36-0.08; P = 0.08). The results of our metaanalysis indicated that kefir beverage could reduce the FBS and insulin levels without a significant effect on HbA1c. In general, our findings showed that kefir beverages may have beneficial effects on glycemic control. However, more clinical data and research into the mechanism of probiotics are required to clarify the beneficial effects of probiotics on glycemic markers.
Prenatal and postnatal milk supplementation and adult insulin-like growth factor I: Long-term follow-up of a randomized controlled trial; Objective: Insulin-like growth factors (IGF) are increasingly recognized as important determinants of adult health, in particular risk of certain cancers. However, little is known about the determinants of adult IGFs and to what degree they may be programmed by early life influences. Design: Randomized controlled trial of prenatal and postnatal milk supplementation among 951 subjects born in 1972 to 1974 in South Wales. Main outcome measure: Measures of IGF-I, IGF binding protein 3, and the molar ratio. Results: Data on adult IGFs were available from 663 subjects at a mean age of 25 years. Subjects in the intervention arm had lower IGF-I (-8.5 ng/mL; 95% confidence interval, -15.1 to -1.8, P = 0.01) and ratio (-1.20; 95% confidence interval, -2.33 to -0.04, P = 0.04). These differences could not be explained by follow-up bias or confounding factors. Conclusions: These results provide experimental data on the role of early life programming either in the intrauterine or postnatal period that may have long-term influences on the IGF axis, with potential implications for disease risk.
Photodynamic therapy versus topical imiquimod versus topical fluorouracil for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma: a single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial: a critical appraisal; Aim Arits etal. aimed to assess whether the effectiveness of imiquimod and fluorouracil is not inferior to methyl aminolaevulinic acid (MAL) photodynamic therapy (PDT) in patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma. Setting and design This single-blind, noninferiority, randomized controlled trial was conducted at one coordinating academic hospital and six peripheral dermatological departments in the Netherlands between March 2008 and August 2010. Study exposure Patients with a superficial basal cell carcinoma were randomly assigned to be treated with PDT (two treatments); or imiquimod 5% cream, once daily five times a week for 6weeks; or fluorouracil 5% cream twice daily for 4weeks. Follow-up visits were planned after 3months and 1year. Outcomes The primary outcome was defined as the probability that a patient was free of tumour reoccurrence at both 3 and 12months' follow-up. Secondary outcomes were aesthetic outcome of the treated area, compliance and adverse reactions. Results In total 911 patients were assessed for eligibility, of whom 601 were randomized: 202 to receive MAL-PDT, 198 to receive imiquimod cream and 201 to receive fluorouracil cream. The proportions (95% confidence intervals) of patients tumour free at both 3 and 12months were 728% (668-794) for MAL-PDT, 834% (782-889) for imiquimod cream and 801% (747-859) for fluorouracil cream. For patients treated with MAL-PDT, moderate-to-severe pain and burning sensation were reported most often during the treatment itself. For the creams, moderate-to-severe local swelling, erosion, crust formation and itching of the skin were mentioned most often. ConclusionsArits etal. conclude that topical fluorouracil was noninferior and imiquimod was superior to MAL-PDT for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma. Imiquimod cream is suggested as the preferred treatment.
Imiquimod for treatment of vulvar and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia; We searched PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, LILACS, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases to assess the effectiveness and safety of 5% imiquimod cream in the treatment of vulvar and vaginal. intraepithetial neoplasia. From the results of the 17 relevant articles identified (1 reported on a randomized controlled trial, 10 reported on case series, and 6 were case reports), 26% to 100% of patients had complete regression, 0% to 60% had partial regression, and 0% to 37% experienced recurrence. The most common adverse events were local burning and soreness, but not severe enough for patients to discontinue treatment. From these reports imiquimod treatment leads to complete response in a considerable percentage of patients, and those who experience partial response will require less extensive excision. Treating vulvar and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia with 5% imiquimod cream therefore appears to be promising. (C) 2007 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Red palm olein supplementation on cytokines, endothelial function and lipid profile in centrally overweight individuals: a randomised controlled trial; Background/objectives The consumption of antioxidant-rich cooking oil such as red palm olein may be cardioprotective from the perspective of subclinical inflammation and endothelial function. Subjects/methods Using a crossover design, we conducted a randomised controlled trial in 53 free-living high-risk abdominally overweight subjects, comparing the effects of incorporating red palm olein (with palm olein as control) in a supervised isocaloric 2100 kcal diet of 30% en fat, two-thirds (45 g/day) of which were derived from the test oil for a period of 6 weeks each. Results We did not observe a significant change in interleukin-6 (IL-6), in parallel with other pro-inflammatory (tumour necrosis factor-beta, interleukin-1 beta, IL-1 beta, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, hsCRP) and endothelial function (soluble intercellular adhesion molecules, sICAM, soluble intravascular adhesion molecules, sVCAM) parameters. Interestingly, we observed a significant reduction in oxidised LDL levels (P < 0.0386) while on the red palm olein diet, together with the increase in plasma alpha tocopherol (P < 0.0002), alpha carotene (P < 0.0001) and beta carotene (P < 0.0001) concentrations compared with palm olein diet. Conclusion Red palm olein did not improve subclinical inflammation and endothelial function despite profound increase in antioxidant levels. The positive improvement in oxidised LDL merits further attention in this group of subjects at risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
A double-blind randomised controlled trial of a natural oil-based emulsion (Moogoo Udder Cream®) containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for managing radiation-induced skin reactions in patients with cancer; Background: Radiation-induced skin reaction (RISR) is one of the most common and distressing side effects of radiotherapy in patients with cancer. It is featured with swelling, redness, itching, pain, breaks in skin, discomfort, and a burning sensation. There is a lack of convincing evidence supporting any single practice in the prevention or management of RISR. Methods/Designs: This double-blinded randomised controlled trial aims to investigate the effects of a natural oilbased emulsion containing allantoin (as known as Moogoo Udder Cream (R)) versus aqueous cream in reducing RISR, improving pain, itching and quality of life in this patient group. One group will receive Moogoo Udder Cream (R). Another group will receive aqueous cream. Outcome measures will be collected using patient self-administered questionnaire, interviewer administered questionnaire and clinician assessment at commencement of radiotherapy, weekly during radiotherapy, and four weeks after the completion of radiotherapy. Discussion: Despite advances of radiologic advances and supportive care, RISR are still not well managed. There is a lack of efficacious interventions in managing RISR. While anecdotal evidence suggests that Moogoo Udder Cream (R) may be effective in managing RISR, research is needed to substantiate this claim. This paper presents the design of a double blind randomised controlled trial that will evaluate the effects of Moogoo Udder Cream (R) versus aqueous cream for managing in RISR in patients with cancer.
Fractionated 5-aminolaevulinic acid-photodynamic therapy vs. surgical excision in the treatment of nodular basal cell carcinoma: results of a randomized controlled trial; Background Skin cancer incidence rates have been increasing for decades and this increase is expected to continue. Surgical excision (SE) is the treatment of first choice for nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC). Photodynamic therapy (PDT) has proven to be an effective treatment for superficial basal cell carcinoma. Its long-term efficacy in nBCC has not yet been established. Objectives Prospectively compare the efficacy of 5-aminolaevulinic acid (ALA)-PDT and SE in terms of failure rates with long-term follow-up. Determinants of failure in the study population, such as the effect of tumour depth, were analysed retrospectively. Methods A randomized controlled trial in 173 primary nBCCs in 149 patients. Primary nBCCs were randomly assigned either to PDT (n = 85) or to SE (n = 88). Tumours treated with PDT were illuminated twice on the same day, 4 h after application of ALA cream, 3 weeks after debulking. SE was performed under local anaesthesia with a 3-mm margin, followed by histological examination. An intention-to-treat analysis was performed. Results In total, 171 primary nBCCs in 149 patients were treated. A 3-year interim analysis revealed that the cumulative incidence of failure was 2.3% for SE and 30.3% for PDT (P < 0.001). Tumour depth and other analysed determinants of failure were not significantly related to treatment failure. Conclusions SE proved to be significantly more effective than treatment with fractionated illumination ALA-PDT. Therefore, in the treatment of primary nBCC, SE is preferred over PDT following this treatment regimen.
Prostate cancer - evidence of exercise and nutrition trial (PrEvENT): study protocol for a randomised controlled feasibility trial; Background: A growing body of observational evidence suggests that nutritional and physical activity interventions are associated with beneficial outcomes for men with prostate cancer, including brisk walking, lycopene intake, increased fruit and vegetable intake and reduced dairy consumption. However, randomised controlled trial data are limited. The 'Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial' investigates the feasibility of recruiting and randomising men diagnosed with localised prostate cancer and eligible for radical prostatectomy to interventions that modify nutrition and physical activity. The primary outcomes are randomisation rates and adherence to the interventions at 6 months following randomisation. The secondary outcomes are intervention tolerability, trial retention, change in prostate specific antigen level, change in diet, change in general physical activity levels, insulin-like growth factor levels, and a range of related outcomes, including quality of life measures. Methods/design: The trial is factorial, randomising men to both a physical activity (brisk walking or control) and nutritional (lycopene supplementation or increased fruit and vegetables with reduced dairy consumption or control) intervention. The trial has two phases: men are enrolled into a cohort study prior to radical prostatectomy, and then consented after radical prostatectomy into a randomised controlled trial. Data are collected at four time points (cohort baseline, true trial baseline and 3 and 6 months post-randomisation). Discussion: The Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial aims to determine whether men with localised prostate cancer who are scheduled for radical prostatectomy can be recruited into a cohort and subsequently randomised to a 6-month nutrition and physical activity intervention trial. If successful, this feasibility trial will inform a larger trial to investigate whether this population will gain clinical benefit from long-term nutritional and physical activity interventions post-surgery. Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) is registered on the ISRCTN registry, ref number ISRCTN99048944. Date of registration 17 November 2014.
Three-Year Follow-Up Results of Photodynamic Therapy vs. Imiquimod vs. Fluorouracil for Treatment of Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: A Single-Blind, Noninferiority, Randomized Controlled Trial; A randomized controlled trial including 601 patients previously showed that the effectiveness of imiquimod and fluorouracil cream were not inferior to methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) in patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma after 1 year of follow-up. We now present the 3-year follow-up results. The probability of tumor-free survival at 3 years post-treatment was 58.0% for MAL-PDT (95% confidence interval [CI] = 47.8-66.9), 79.7% for imiquimod (95% CI = 71.6-85.7), and 68.2% for fluorouracil (95% CI = 58.1-76.3). The hazard ratio for treatment failure comparing imiquimod with MAL-PDT was 0.50 (95% CI = 0.33-0.76, P = 0.001). Comparison of fluorouracil with MAL-PDT and fluorouracil with imiquimod showed hazard ratios of 0.73 (95% CI = 0.51-1.05, P = 0.092) and 0.68 (95% CI = 0.44-1.06, P = 0.091), respectively. Subgroup analysis showed a higher probability of treatment success for imiquimod versus MAL-PDT in all subgroups with the exception of elderly patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma on the lower extremities. In this subgroup, the risk difference in tumor-free survival was 57.6% in favor of MAL-PDT. In conclusion, according to results at 3 years post-treatment, imiquimod is superior and fluorouracil not inferior to MAL-PDT in treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma.
Photodynamic therapy versus topical imiquimod versus topical fluorouracil for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma: a single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial; Background Superficial basal-cell carcinoma is most commonly treated with topical non-surgical treatments, such as photodynamic therapy or topical creams. Photodynamic therapy is considered the preferable treatment, although this has not been previously tested in a randomised control trial. We assessed the effectiveness of photodynamic therapy compared with imiquimod or fluorouracil in patients with superficial basal-cell carcinoma. Methods In this single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled multicentre trial, we enrolled patients with a histologically proven superficial basal-cell carcinoma at seven hospitals in the Netherlands. Patients were randomly assigned to receive treatment with methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT; two sessions with an interval of 1 week), imiquimod cream (once daily, five times a week for 6 weeks), or fluorouracil cream (twice daily for 4 weeks). Follow-up was at 3 and 12 months post-treatment. Data were collected by one observer who was blinded to the assigned treatment. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients free of tumour at both 3 and 12 month follow up. A pre-specified non-inferiority margin of 10% was used and modified intention-to-treat analyses were done. This trial is registered as an International Standard Randomised controlled trial (ISRCTN 79701845). Findings 601 patients were randomised: 202 to receive MAL-PDT, 198 to receive imiquimod, and 201 to receive fluorouracil. A year after treatment, 52 of 196 patients treated with MAL-PDT, 31 of 189 treated with imiquimod, and 39 of 198 treated with fluorouracil had tumour residue or recurrence. The proportion of patients tumour-free at both 3 and 12 month follow-up was 72.8% (95% CI 66.8-79.4) for MAL-PDT, 83.4% (78.2-88.9) for imiquimod cream, and 80.1% (74.7-85.9) for fluorouracil cream. The difference between imiquimod and MAL-PDT was 10.6% (95% CI 1.5-19.5; p=0.021) and 7.3% (-1.9 to 16.5; p=0.120) between fluorouracil and MAL-PDT, and between fluorouracil and imiquimod was -3.3% (-11.6 to 5.0; p=0.435. For patients treated with MAL-PDT, moderate to severe pain and burning sensation were reported most often during the actual MAL-PDT session. For other local adverse reactions, local skin redness was most often reported as moderate or severe in all treatment groups. Patients treated with creams more often reported moderate to severe local swelling, erosion, crust formation, and itching of the skin than patients treated with MAL-PDT. In the MAL-PDT group no serious adverse events were reported. One patient treated with imiquimod and two patients treated with fluorouracil developed a local wound infection and needed additional treatment in the outpatient setting. Interpretation Topical fluorouracil was non-inferior and imiquimod was superior to MAL-PDT for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma. On the basis of these findings, imiquimod can be considered the preferred treatment, but all aspects affecting treatment choice should be weighted to select the best treatment for patients.
Randomized controlled trial of sour milk on blood pressure in borderline hypertensive men; Background: A double-blind randomized controlled trial was carried out to assess the effect of sour milk, containing two tripeptides (valine-proline-proline and isoleucine-proline-proline), on blood pressure (BP). Methods: A total of 46 borderline hypertensive men aged 23 to 59 years were recruited at their workplace for this trial. Subjects were randomly allocated into two groups; sour milk drink group (S-group, n = 23) and placebo (acidified milk) drink group (P-group, n = 23) for 4 weeks. Blood pressure was measured twice at each occasion by a physician, at the health center of the company, with a mercury sphygmomanometer at baseline, 2 and 4 weeks. Statistical analysis was performed by SPSS 10.0J. Results: The S-group and P-group showed no significant difference in baseline systolic BP (mean [SD], S: 147.6 [9.6], P: 145.3 [13.0]) or diastolic BP (S: 95.3 [9.91, P: 91.5 [9.6]). In the S-group, change in systolic BP at 2 and 4 weeks were -4.3 mm Hg (95% confidence interval [CI] -8.3 to -0.4; P =.032) and -5.2 turn Hg (95% Cl -10.1 to -0.3; P =.039), both statistically significant. Diastolic BP showed change from -1.7 mm Hg (95% Cl -5.4 to 2.0) at 2 weeks and -2.0 (95% CI -5.4 to 1.5) at 4 weeks, respectively. In the P-group, change in systolic BP was -0.5 (95% Cl -5.8 to 4.8) at 2 weeks and -3.7 (95% Cl -8.3 to 0.9) at 4 weeks and change in diastolic BP was -0.6 (95% Cl -4.7 to 3.6) at 2 weeks and -0.3 (95% Cl -3.9 to 3.3) at 4 weeks, which were not statistically significant. Conclusions: This trial demonstrated the beneficial effect of sour milk on BP in borderline hypertensive men who were not taking antihypertensive medication. (C) 2004 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Randomized Controlled Trial of the Prophylactic Effect of Urea-Based Cream on Sorafenib-Associated Hand-Foot Skin Reactions in Patients With Advanced Hepatocellular Carcinoma; Purpose To assess whether urea-based cream (UBC) has prophylactic benefits on sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Patients and Methods In this randomized, open-label trial, 871 patients with advanced HCC throughout China were treated with 10% UBC three times per day plus best supportive care (BSC; n = 439) or BSC alone excluding all creams (n = 432), starting on day 1 of sorafenib treatment, for up to 12 weeks. HFSR was assessed every 2 weeks and at 14 weeks for patients completing the study. Once HFSR occurred, patients were allowed any cream, including a UBC. Results The 12-week incidence of any grade HFSR was significantly lower in the UBC group versus the BSC-alone group (56.0% v 73.6%, respectively; odds ratio [OR], 0.457; 95% CI, 0.344 to 0.608; P < .001), as was the incidence of grade 2 HFSR (20.7% v 29.2%, respectively; OR, 0.635; 95% CI, 0.466 to 0.866; P = .004). Median time to first occurrence of HFSR was significantly longer in the UBC group than the BSC-alone group (84 v 34 days, respectively; hazard ratio, 0.658; 95% CI, 0.541 to 0.799; P < .001). Elevated AST was associated with increased risk of HFSR but did not alter the treatment effect of UBC. UBC plus BSC, compared with BSC alone, did not affect the sorafenib dose reduction or interruption rate (9.1% v 11.8%, respectively; P = .1937), response rate (11.1% v 10.1%, respectively; P = .6674), or disease control rate (98.8% v 98.2%, respectively; P = .5350) at week 12. Conclusion UBC prophylaxis in patients with advanced HCC starting sorafenib reduced HFSR rates, extended the time to first occurrence of HFSR, and improved patient quality of life compared with BSC. Blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trials to determine the role of UBC on the incidence and severity of HFSR are warranted. (C) 2015 by American Society of Clinical Oncology
Skin treatment with Bepanthen cream versus no cream during radiotherapy - A randomized controlled trial; In several radiotherapy departments, dexpanthenol cream (Bepanthen 'Roche') has been used extensively to ameliorate acute radiotherapy skin reactions. The evidence base for this practice is obscure as no randomized trials have been performed. In the present clinical prospective study of 86 patients we have compared Bepanthen cream with no topical ointment at all. The cream was applied on randomly selected parts of treatment fields in laryngeal and breast cancer patients, and so each patient acted as his own control. Seven patients were withdrawn from analysis. Scoring of skin reactions in 16 laryngeal and 63 breast cancer patients was performed without knowledge of which area that had been given cream or not. Endpoints were a modified skin reaction grading according to EORTC/RTOG, and itching/pain in treated fields. The study did not indicate any clinically important benefits of using Bepanthen cream for ameliorating radiogenic skin reactions under the conditions applied.
Anal intraepithelial neoplasia - Is treatment better than observation?; Anal Intraepithelial Neoplasia (AIN) is an increasingly common condition for which the best treatment has not been well established. Traditional management was based on a 'watch and wait' strategy, but as the natural history of AIN and its progression to anal cancer is becoming better understood, more active treatment strategies are warranted. A Best Evidence Topic in Surgery was written according to a structured protocol to address the question whether treatment is indicated in patients with AIN. A total of 169 papers were identified using the defined search criteria. This included only one randomised controlled trial. Case series were therefore also included to help answer the question. The details of the papers were tabulated including relevant outcomes and study weaknesses. We conclude that treatment of high grade AIN, particularly in high risk groups is recommended to try to avoid progression to anal cancer. Treatment options that have shown some benefit include topical use of imiquimod cream or ablation directed by high resolution anoscopy. (C) 2013 Surgical Associates Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Surgical treatments for vulvar and vaginal dysplasia - A randomized controlled trial; OBJECTIVE: To compare pain, adverse effects and recurrence of dysplasia in patients with vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia or vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia prospectively treated by carbon dioxide laser or ultrasonic surgical aspiration. METHODS: Patients were randomly assigned to receive treatment by laser or ultrasonic surgical aspiration from 2000-2005. Preoperative biopsy was done to confirm presence of dysplasia. Patients completed a visual analog scale regarding pain and were evaluated at 2-4 weeks to assess scarring, wound healing, and adverse effects. Patients returned every 3 months for 1 year for pelvic examination and cytology to assess recurrence. Follow-up colposcopy and biopsy were used at the discretion of the treating physician. Student t test, X-2, analysis of variance and multiple logistic regression were used for analysis. RESULTS: One hundred ten patients were randomly assigned. Ninety-six (87.3%) patients completed 1 year follow-up. Mean age of patients was 48.5 years. Mean visual analog scale score was significantly lower in patients treated by ultrasonic surgical aspiration (20.7 compared with 35.1; P=.032). For patients with vulvar lesions, there was less scarring with ultrasonic surgical aspiration (P<.01). Recurrence overall was 25% and was similar for ultrasonic surgical aspiration compared with laser (relative risk 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.64-1.50, number needed to treat 95.6). Recurrence was associated with younger age (P<.01). CONCLUSION: Patients treated with ultrasonic surgical aspiration for vulvar and vaginal dysplasia reported less postoperative pain. Vulvar scarring was more common in patients treated by the laser. There was no difference in recurrence of dysplasia during a 1-year follow-up period between the two surgical modalities. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, www. clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00394758.
A trial-based cost-effectiveness analysis of topical 5-fluorouracil vs. imiquimod vs. ingenol mebutate vs. methyl aminolaevulinate conventional photodynamic therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis in the head and neck area performed in the Netherlands; Background Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common premalignant skin condition that might have the ability to progress into squamous cell carcinoma. Due to the high incidence of AK, treatment of this disease significantly impacts healthcare spending. Objectives To determine which commonly prescribed field-directed treatment is the most cost-effective, when comparing 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) 5%, imiquimod (IMQ) 5%, ingenol mebutate (IM) 0 center dot 015% and methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) for AK in the head and neck region. Methods We performed an economic evaluation from a healthcare perspective. Data were collected alongside a single-blinded, prospective, multicentre randomized controlled trial with 624 participants in the Netherlands. The outcome measure was expressed as the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio, which is the incremental costs per additional patient with >= 75% lesion reduction compared with baseline. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02281682. Results The trial showed that 5-FU was the most effective field treatment for AK in the head and neck region. Twelve months post-treatment, the total mean costs for 5-FU were significantly lower (euro433) than the euro728, euro775 and euro1621 for IMQ, IM and MAL-PDT, respectively. The results showed that 5-FU was a dominant cost-effective treatment (more effective and less expensive) compared with the other treatments, 12 months post-treatment. Conclusions Based on these results, we consider 5-FU 5% cream as the first-choice treatment option for multiple AKs in the head and neck area. What's already known about this topic? Due to the increasing incidence of actinic keratosis (AK), the recommended treatment results in a considerable socioeconomic burden for (dermatological) healthcare. Although cost-effectiveness modelling studies have been performed in which different treatments for AK were compared, a prospective clinical trial comparing four frequently prescribed treatments on effectiveness and resource consumption within a time horizon of 12 months has never been conducted. What does this study add? This is the first study examining the cost-effectiveness of 5-fluorouracil 5% cream, imiquimod 5% cream, ingenol mebutate 0 center dot 015% gel and methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy, with data collected in a randomized controlled trial over a time horizon of 12 months. We found that 5-fluorouracil was a dominant cost-effective treatment (more effective and less costly), based on data from the Netherlands.
Comparing the effectiveness of three pain relief methods for inserting a needle into the implanted venous access chemoport: A randomized controlled trial; Aims Effective methods for relieving pain in inserting a needle for chemotherapy in cancer patients have been studied. This study examined the pain relief effects during needle insertion into the implanted venous access chemoport by comparing three methods. Methods This randomized controlled trial included 120 cancer patients who were randomly assigned. The experimental groups received applications of lidocaine cream (n = 30), cryotherapy (n = 30) and cutaneous stimulation therapy (n = 30); the control group (n = 30) received routine care. Premeasurements and postmeasurements were evaluated using a visual analogue pain scale and nurses' careful observations of patients' pain behaviour checklists during needle insertion. Results Pain levels were reduced by all three interventions, with the level of relief depending on the type of application. All experimental groups showed significant reduction in pain compared with the control group. Lidocaine cream had the strongest effect, followed by cryotherapy and then cutaneous stimulation. Conclusion Lidocaine cream, cryotherapy and cutaneous stimulation therapy all reduced cancer patients' pain levels during insertion of an implanted central venous access chemoport needle. Nurses can apply cryotherapy and cutaneous stimulation therapy independently to reduce the pain associated with this procedure. Future studies should consider using these methods to control for any individual differences that may exist.
Prevention of radiation-induced moist desquamation in the tropics: A literature review of non-prescription skin care products; Introduction: Many patients undergoing radiation treatment experience moist desquamation, a severe acute skin reaction. The pain, discomfort and dressing applications subsequent to moist desquamation exacerbate the distress associated with the patients' cancer diagnosis and treatment. Background: Radiation oncology nurses in a tropical area of Australia believe that moist desquamation occurs more often in patients undergoing radiation treatment in the summer months. It is surmised that this increase is due to a combination of high humidity and the consistency of the preventative cream currently recommended by the clinical staff. Method: A narrative literature review was undertaken to identify a potential alternative non-prescription topical product, readily available in Australia, to prevent moist desquamation in a tropical environment. Research literature published in a 10-year time frame ending December 2010 was retrieved and reviewed. Main findings: Seven individual trials met our inclusion criteria. No non-prescription moisturising cream, lotion or gel that was trialled was significantly better than any other at preventing moist desquamation, and none were trialled in a tropical climate. The literature did indicate possible alternatives to the currently recommended preventative cream. Conclusion: There is no evidence to support recommending the use of any specific non-prescription topical product to prevent radiation-induced acute skin reactions. This literature review has informed a randomised controlled trial of two non-prescription creams in a tropical setting. It is anticipated that the trial will provide evidence-based preventative skin care recommendations for patients receiving radiation treatment in a tropical climate.
Soy protein containing isoflavones and mammographic density in a randomized controlled trial in postmenopausal women; Background: The relatively high dietary intake of soy in Asian countries has been hypothesized to, at least partly, explain the lower breast cancer incidence patterns in these countries compared with the Western world. The aim of the present study was to determine the effect of daily soy supplementation on mammographic density, one of the strongest known risk factors for breast cancer. Methods: A double-blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted to compare the effects of soy protein intake containing 99 mg isoflavones daily with intake of milk protein (placebo) for the duration of 1 year. Two hundred and two Dutch postmenopausal women ages 60 to 75 years were randomized. Mammographic density was assessed using a quantitative computer-assisted method on digitized mammograms. Equol producer status was assessed in plasma provided at the final visit (soy group) or after a 3-day challenge with soy after the trial was finished (placebo group). Results: A total of 175 women completed the baseline visits and at least one follow-up visit and were included in the intention-to-treat analyses. For 126 women, both pre- and post-trial mammograms were available. Marmnographic density decreased in both study arms, but the decrease did not differ significantly between intervention and placebo groups. Equol producer status did not modify the results. Conclusion: The results of this trial do not support the hypothesis that a diet high in soy protein among postmenopausal women decreases mammographic density.
Topical Imiquimod for the Treatment of High-Grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions of the Cervix A Randomized Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the histologic response rate of high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSIL) of the cervix after topical application of 5% imiquimod cream. METHODS: In this phase II trial, women with cervical HSIL (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia [CIN] 2-3) were randomly assigned to 250 mg of 5% imiquimod cream applied to the cervix weekly for 12 weeks, followed by loop electrosurgical excision procedure (LEEP) without preceding treatment. The sample size was calculated based on the HSIL regression rates previously reported by Grimm et al. The primary outcome was rate of histologic regression (to CIN 1 or less) in LEEP specimens. Prespecified secondary endpoints included surgical margin status and adverse events. Outcomes were stratified by human papillomavirus type and lesion grade (CIN 2 or CIN 3). Results were reported according to per protocol (PP) and intention-to-treat (ITT) analyses. RESULTS: Ninety women were enrolled: 49 in the experimental group and 41 in the control group. In the PP population, histologic regression was observed in 23 of 38 participants (61%) in the experimental group compared with 9 of 40 (23%) in the control group (P=.001). Surgical margins were negative for HSIL in 36 of 38 participants (95%) in the experimental group and 28 of 40 (70%) in the control group (P=.004). In the ITT population, rates of histologic regression also were significantly higher in the experimental group. Rates of adverse events in the experimental group were 74% (28/38) in the PP population and 78% (35/45) in the ITT population. Adverse events were mild, with abdominal pain being the most common. Three patients in the experimental group had grade 2 adverse events, including vaginal ulcer, vaginal pruritus with local edema, and moderate pelvic pain. CONCLUSION: Weekly topical treatment with imiquimod is effective in promoting regression of cervical HSIL.
Camel Milk with Pegylated Interferon Alfa-2a and Ribavirin for Treatment-Naive Chronic Hepatitis C Genotype 2/3: An Open-Label, Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Chronic hepatitis C is one of the most important causes of cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Camel milk (CM) is a new candidate therapy for chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Objectives: The present study assessed the safety and efficacy of pegylated interferon alfa-2a and ribavirin with CM (CM + Peg IFN/RBV) and without CM (Peg IFN/RBV) in CHC genotype 2/3 infections. Methods: This study was an open-label, randomized, phase 2 trial. Sampling strategy and date was computer-generated randomization. The researchers randomly selected 45 adult patients (ages > 18 years), who were treatment-naive with CHC infection (non-cirrhotic) to receive Peg IFN/RBV with standard-dose alone (group A, n = 23), CM + Peg IFN/RBV: 500 cc orally per day (group B, n = 22) for 24 weeks in Iran. The primary efficacy outcomes were early virological response (EVR12) and end-of-treatment response (ETR24), the secondary efficacy outcome was sustained virological response (SVR24), and the safety outcomes were adverse events and laboratory tests at end-treatment to assess. Results: The EVR12 was 60% (12/20), ETR24 90% (18/20), and SVR24 100% (18/18) of CM + Peg IFN/RBV therapy. The EVR12 was 15% (3/20), ETR24 70% (14/20), and SVR24 rates were 71% (10/14) in Peg IFN/RBV therapy (P < 0.05). Rates of discontinuation due to adverse events were 8.6% (2/23) in control and no discontinuation in intervention group. The most common adverse events were fatigue, anemia, and insomnia. Conclusions: Combination of CM with Peg IFN/RBV for 48 weeks showed significant improvements in the viral response and decreased adverse effects in CHC genotype 2/3 (P < 0.05). The data of the study supported the CM synergistic antiviral activity of Peg IFN/RBV. Large clinical trials are needed to confirm the results.
Probiotics to Prevent Respiratory Infections in Nursing Homes: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; ObjectivesTo assess the feasibility of conducting a large clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotics to reduce influenza and other respiratory virus infections in residents of long-term and chronic care facilities (LTCFs). DesignRandomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot trial. SettingFourteen nursing homes in Hamilton and surrounding region, Ontario, Canada. ParticipantsNursing home residents aged 65 and older (N=209). Those who were taking immunosuppressives (steroids or other immunosuppressives) or had a hematological malignancy, structural heart disease, or gastroesophageal or intestinal injury and others at high risk of an endovascular infection were excluded. InterventionParticipants were randomized to receive study probiotics2 capsules of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (estimated 10 billion colony forming units of L. rhamnosus GG per capsule) or placebo (calcium carbonate) daily for 6 months. MeasurementsLaboratory-confirmed respiratory viral infections. ResultsOne hundred ninety-six individuals were included in the analysis: 100 in the probiotics group and 96 in the placebo group. Laboratory-confirmed respiratory viral infections were observed in 14 (15.0%) residents in the probiotic group and 21 (22.9%) in the placebo group (hazard ratio=0.65, 95% confidence interval=0.32-1.31). ConclusionA larger trial is warranted to determine whether probiotics reduce influenza and other respiratory virus infections in residents of LTCFs.
Prophylaxis of Radiation-Induced Dermatitis in Patients With Breast Cancer Using Herbal Creams: A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial; Radiation-induced toxicity is a major limiting factor for prescribing radiation dose in cancer radiotherapy. Skin reaction to radiation is one of the primary concerns, which could affect quality of life of the patients both physically and mentally. Reviews of the literature show limited number of effective reagents for its prophylaxis. In this study, we attempted to determine whether prophylactic treatment of the 3 different herbal creams containing Centella asiatica, Cucumis sativus, and Thunbergia laurifolia extracts as well as a commercial moisturizing cream could reduce acute skin reaction in breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy. A total of 153 breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy were randomly assigned into 5 different groups with one group receiving no treatment. The patients were instructed to apply their designated creams once daily from their first radiotherapy session until 1-month post-irradiation. Their skins were graded by a radiation oncologist on a weekly basis until 1-month post-irradiation to identify any skin reactions. The results showed that the administration of the herbal creams or the moisturizing cream could neither reduce the severity nor delay the onset of dermatitis compared with the no treatment group. However, despite the limited benefits from the prophylaxis, the Cucumis sativus cream was shown to help with the skin recovery post-irradiation. These results suggested that breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy should be advised to apply moisturizing cream to the area of irradiated skin.
Does aqueous or sucralfate cream affect the severity of erythernatous radiation skin reactions? A randomised controlled trial; Background and purpose: Evidence on which to base decisions about the management of radiation skin reactions is lacking. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether sucralfate or aqueous cream reduced acute skin toxicity during radiotherapy to the head and neck, breast or anorectal area (phase A), and to evaluate the effect of hydrogels and dry dressings on moist desquamation (phase B). This paper presents the results of phase A. Patients and methods: Three hundred and fifty seven patients were randomised to apply aqueous cream, sucralfate cream or no cream to the irradiated area from day one of radical radiotherapy treatment. All patients were instructed to wash using unperfumed soap. Acute skin toxicity was measured using a modified radiation therapy oncology group (RTOG) score, reflectance spectrophotometry, patient diary card and dermatology life quality index (DLQI). A cost minimisation approach was used to compare the costs of each skin care approach. Results: No consistent differences were found in the severity of skin reactions or levels of discomfort suffered by patients in each of the randomised groups. Patients with a higher body mass index, who smoked, received concomitant chemotherapy, boost or bolus during treatment were more likely to develop skin reactions. Conclusions: There is no evidence to support the prophylactic application of either of the creams tested for the prevention of radiation skin reactions. Our results show that it is possible to predict which patients are at greatest risk of skin reactions. We suggest that known risk factors should be incorporated into future study protocols. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A randomized controlled trial on preweaning morbidity, growth and mortality in Holstein heifers fed a lacteal-derived colostrum replacer or pooled maternal colostrum; Background: The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to determine the effect of feeding a commercial lacteal-derived colostrum replacer (CR) or pooled maternal colostrum (MC) on preweaning morbidity, growth and mortality in Holstein heifer calves. A total of 568 calves were randomly assigned to be fed either 3.8 L of pooled MC or two doses (200 g IgG) of a CR. Calves were monitored daily for preweaning morbidity until weaning at 60 d old. Birth and weaning weights were measured to estimate growth rates. Results: Calves fed CR were significantly less likely to be affected with a diarrhea event (OR = 0.58; 95% CI, 0.38 to 0.88; P value = 0.011) and had a higher rate of daily weight gain (0.051 kg/day; 95% CI, 0.03 to 0.08; P value <0.001) compared to calves fed pooled MC. Use of lacteal-derived colostrum replacer was not significantly associated with respiratory disease (OR = 1.01; 95% CI 0.67 to 1.51; P value = 0.974), omphalitis (OR = 0.93; 95% CI 0.06 to 14.86; P value = 0.956), or mortality (HR = 0.71; 95% CI 0.27 to 1.92; P value = 0.505) in the study calves. Conclusions: The lacteal-derived CR fed at the study dose was a viable colostrum alternative in the event of poor quality pooled MC for the prevention of preweaning diarrhea and resulted in higher growth rates in comparison to calves fed pooled MC in the study herd.
The effects of kefir consumption on human health: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Context Kefir, a traditional, fermented-milk beverage, has increasingly been promoted for various health benefits. The evidence from systematic reviews, however, is limited. Objective Evidence from randomized controlled trials testing oral consumption of fermented-milk kefir on any outcome of human health or disease. Data Sources A systematic search of 4 electronic databases (PubMed, Scopus, Allied and Complementary Medicine Database, and Cochrane Trials) from inception to July 31, 2021, was conducted. Data Extraction Data extraction and risk-of-bias assessments were conducted by 2 reviewers independently. Data Analysis A total of 18 publications reporting the results of 16 studies were included. Per the narrative analysis, fermented-milk kefir may have potential as a complementary therapy in reducing oral Streptococcus mutans, thereby reducing dental caries risk, and in Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy. Kefir may further aid treatment of adult dyslipidemia and hypertension, although evidence was very limited. Safety was only assessed in 5 of the 18 included publications, and 12 of the studies had an overall high risk for bias. Conclusion Kefir is a dairy product with a unique microbiological profile that appears to be a safe for generally healthy populations to consume. However, efficacy and safety data from high-quality human trials are essential before any recommendations may be made for conditions of the oral and gastric microbiota and metabolic health. Systematic review registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42020211494.
Phase II randomised control feasibility trial of a nutrition and physical activity intervention after radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer; Objective Dietary factors and physical activity may alter prostate cancer progression. We explored the feasibility of lifestyle interventions following radical prostatectomy for localised prostate cancer. Design Patients were recruited into a presurgical observational cohort; following radical prostatectomy, they were offered randomisation into a 2x3 factorial randomised controlled trial (RCT). Setting A single National Health Service trust in the South West of England, UK. Participants Those with localised prostate cancer and listed for radical prostatectomy were invited to participate. Randomisation Random allocation was performed by the Bristol Randomised Trial Collaboration via an online system. Interventions Men were randomised into both a modified nutrition group (either increased vegetable and fruit, and reduced dairy milk; or lycopene supplementation; or control) and a physical activity group (brisk walking or control) for 6 months. Blinding Only the trial statistician was blind to allocations. Primary outcome measures Primary outcomes were measures of feasibility: randomisation rates and intervention adherence at 6 months. Collected at trial baseline, three and six months, with daily adherence reported throughout. Our intended adherence rate was 75% or above, the threshold for acceptable adherence was 90%. Results 108 men entered the presurgical cohort, and 81 were randomised into the postsurgical RCT (randomisation rate: 93.1%) and 75 completed the trial. Of 25 men in the nutrition intervention, 10 (40.0%; 95% CI 23.4% to 59.3%) adhered to the fruit and vegetable recommendations and 18 (72.0%; 95% CI 52.4% to 85.7%) to reduced dairy intake. Adherence to lycopene (n=28), was 78.6% (95% CI 60.5% to 89.8%), while 21/39 adhered to the walking intervention (53.8%; 95% CI 38.6% to 68.4%). Most men were followed up at 6months (75/81; 92.6%). Three 'possibly related' adverse events were indigestion, abdominal bloating and knee pain. Conclusions Interventions were deemed feasible, with high randomisation rates and generally good adherence. A definitive RCT is proposed.
Role of probiotics in patients with colorectal cancer: a systematic review protocol of randomised controlled trial studies; Introduction Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related morbidity worldwide and it has been reported to be associated with poor lifestyle habits which include excess tobacco and alcohol intake as well as genetics and age factors. Probiotics such as the lactic acid bacteria andBifidobacteriumas well as probiotic containing foods (kombucha, kefir, miso etc) have received lots of attention as anticancer agents for prevention and treatment. The effects of the administration of probiotics to patients with colorectal cancer is the primary goal of this systematic review. The overall aim is to assess how the use of probiotics in patients with colorectal cancer helps in the management of colorectal cancer and its effect on the diversity of gut microbiota. The final systematic review will provide a comprehensive evidence base for the use and efficacy of probiotics in patient with colorectal cancer care. Methods and analysis The systematic review, will be conducted by extensively searching different databases such as PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, Wiley and ProQuest to identify randomised controlled trials (with no time frame) which relate to the administration of probiotics to patients with colorectal cancer. The search strategy will include words like colorectal cancer, probiotics,Bifidobacterium, clinical trials etc. A systematic search of databases was performed between 17 and 20 January 2020. Two reviewers will independently review the studies and also search the reference lists of the eligible studies to obtain more references. Data will be extracted from the eligible studies using standardised data extraction form. After assessing the risk of bias, qualitative analysis will be used to synthesise the systematic review. Ethics and dissemination This is a protocol for a systematic review; therefore, it doesn't require any ethics approval. We intend to disseminate the protocol in a peer reviewed journal.
Energy compensation following consumption of sugar-reduced products: a randomized controlled trial; Consumption of sugar-reformulated products (commercially available foods and beverages that have been reduced in sugar content through reformulation) is a potential strategy for lowering sugar intake at a population level. The impact of sugar-reformulated products on body weight, energy balance (EB) dynamics and cardiovascular disease risk indicators has yet to be established. The REFORMulated foods (REFORM) study examined the impact of an 8-week sugar-reformulated product exchange on body weight, EB dynamics, blood pressure, arterial stiffness, glycemia and lipemia. A randomized, controlled, double-blind, crossover dietary intervention study was performed with fifty healthy normal to overweight men and women (age 32.0 +/- A 9.8 year, BMI 23.5 +/- A 3.0 kg/m(2)) who were randomly assigned to consume either regular sugar or sugar-reduced foods and beverages for 8 weeks, separated by 4-week washout period. Body weight, energy intake (EI), energy expenditure and vascular markers were assessed at baseline and after both interventions. We found that carbohydrate (P < 0.001), total sugars (P < 0.001) and non-milk extrinsic sugars (P < 0.001) (% EI) were lower, whereas fat (P = 0.001) and protein (P = 0.038) intakes (% EI) were higher on the sugar-reduced than the regular diet. No effects on body weight, blood pressure, arterial stiffness, fasting glycemia or lipemia were observed. Consumption of sugar-reduced products, as part of a blinded dietary exchange for an 8-week period, resulted in a significant reduction in sugar intake. Body weight did not change significantly, which we propose was due to energy compensation.
Effectiveness and safety of 0•5% colchicine cream vs. photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolaevulinate in the treatment of actinic keratosis and skin field cancerization of the forearms: a randomized controlled trial; Background Skin field cancerization (SFC) is a process that occurs in areas of the skin that have undergone genomic alterations induced by ultraviolet radiation. Actinic keratosis (AK) is a sign of its activity. Objectives Methods To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of 0 center dot 5% colchicine (COL) cream vs. methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) in the treatment of AK and SFC. We conducted a randomized, open, intrasubject controlled trial. A total of 36 participants with 3-10 AKs on each forearm were treated with either COL cream (twice daily for 10 days) or a single session of MAL-PDT and were reassessed after 60 days. The clinical evaluation was performed using AK count, forearm photoageing scale (PAS) and AK degree (AKD). Patients underwent central forearm biopsies and histopathological evaluation by keratinocyte intraepithelial neoplasia (KIN) assessment, epithelial atrophy and immunohistochemistry (p53/Ki67). Results Conclusions Overall, 50% of patients were male. The mean age was 70 center dot 9 years (SD 8 center dot 6) and phototypes I and II were predominant (89%). Total clearance was observed in six (17%) forearms treated with COL and seven (19%) forearms treated with MAL-PDT (P = 0 center dot 76); partial clearance was observed in 44% of forearms in the COL group and 67% of forearms in the MAL-PDT group (P = 0 center dot 07). In both COL and MAL-PDT groups, reductions in PAS (-6% vs. -6%) and AKD (-45% vs. -40%) were observed. KIN normalized in 28% of patients treated with MAL-PDT and 20% of those treated with COL. Epithelial atrophy reduced after treatment (P < 0 center dot 01). Expression levels of Ki67 and p53 were also assessed. Mild or moderate adverse effects were similar for both groups. COL 0 center dot 5% cream and MAL-PDT are safe and effective for treating SFC.
What determines patient preferences for treating low risk basal cell carcinoma when comparing surgery vs imiquimod? A discrete choice experiment survey from the SINS trial; Background: The SINS trial (Controlled Clinical Trials ISRCTN48755084; Eudract No. 2004-004506-24) is a randomised controlled trial evaluating long term success of excisional surgery vs. imiquimod 5% cream for low risk nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma (BCC). The trial included a discrete choice experiment questionnaire to explore patient preferences of a cream versus surgery for the treatment of their skin cancer. Methods: The self-completed questionnaire was administered at baseline to 183 participants, measuring patients' strength of preferences when choosing either alternative 'surgery' or 'imiquimod cream' instead of a fixed 'current situation' option ( of surgical excision as standard practice in UK). The treatments were described according to: cost, chance of complete clearance, side effects and appearance. Participants had to choose between various scenarios. Analysis was performed using a mixed logit model, which took into account the impact of previous BCC treatment and sample preference variability. Results: The analysis showed that respondents preferred 'imiquimod cream' to their 'current situation' or 'surgery', regardless of previous experience of BCC symptoms and treatment. Respondents were more likely to be worried about their cosmetic outcomes and side effects they might experience over and above their chance of clearance and cost. Those with no experience of surgery (compared with experience) valued more the choice of 'imiquimod cream' (1013 pound vs 781) pound. All treatment characteristics were significant determinants of treatment choice, and there was significant variability in the population preferences for all of them. Conclusions: Patients with BCC valued more 'imiquimod cream' than alternative 'surgery' options, and all treatment characteristics were important for their choice of care. Understanding how people with a BCC value alternative interventions may better inform the development of health care interventions.
Cocoa, Hazelnuts, Sterols and Soluble Fiber Cream Reduces Lipids and Inflammation Biomarkers in Hypertensive Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Cocoa, mixed with other food ingredients, intake can have beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD) biomarkers. We compared the effects of 4 cocoa cream products on some of these biomarkers. Methods and Findings: In this multi-centered, randomized, controlled, double-blind, parallel trial, volunteers (n = 113; age range: 43-65 years) who were pre-hypertensive, stage-1 hypertensive and hypercholesterolemic received one of 4 cocoa cream products (13 g/unit; 1 g cocoa/unit, 6 units/d; 465 Kcal/d) added to a low saturated fat diet for 4 weeks. The groups were: A) (n = 28), cocoa cream considered as control; B) (n = 28), cocoa+hazelnut cream (30 g/d hazelnuts); C) (n = 30), cocoa+hazelnuts+phytosterols (2 g/d); and D) (n = 27), cocoa+hazelnuts+ phytosterols+soluble fiber (20 g/d) the patented "LMN product''. Primary outcome measures were BP, LDL-c, apolipoprotein B-100 (Apo B), ApoB/ApoA ratio, oxidized LDL (oxLDL) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) determined at baseline and post-cocoa cream product intake. Statistical analysis used was ANCOVA or mixed models (in case of repeated measurements), with baseline observation included as a covariate. After 4 weeks, compared to product A, product C reduced LDL-c by 11.2%, Apo B by 8.1% and ApoB/ApoA ratio by 7.8% (P = 0.01). LMN decreased LDL-c by 9.2%, Apo B-100 by 8.5%, ApoB/ApoA ratio by 10.5%, hsCRP by 33.4% and oxLDL by 5.9% (P = 0.01). Surprisingly, even "control'' product A reduced systolic BP (-7.89 mmHg; 95% CI: -11.45 to -4.3) and diastolic BP (-5.54 mmHg; 95% CI: -7.79 to -3.29). The BP reductions were similar with the other 3 products. Limitations of the study are that the trial period was relatively short and that a better "BP control'' product would have been preferable. Conclusion: The creams (particularly the LMN) have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects in addition to lowering LDL-c, Apo B and ApoB/ApoA ratio. Thus, the soluble fiber effects amplified with sterols (as contained in the cocoa creams) provide new dietary therapeutic perspectives.
Effect of whole soy and isoflavones daidzein on bone turnover and inflammatory markers: a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers; Background: Human studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of soy or isoflavones on bone metabolism. However, conflicting data remain. Equol is the intestinal metabolite of the isoflavone daidzein. The health benefits of soy are more pronounced in equol producers than those not producing equol. This 6-month randomized controlled trial aimed to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) and purified daidzein on bone turnover markers (BTMs) in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers. Methods: A total of 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three isocaloric supplements as follows: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low-fat milk powder (placebo group) given as a solid beverage daily for 6 months. The following fasting venous samples were collected at the baseline and end of the trial to analyze BTMs: serum cross-linked C-telopeptides of type I collagen, bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, procollagen type I N-terminal propeptide, and 25(OH)D-3. Inflammation-related biomarkers, such as serum interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, C-reactive protein, transferrin, and homocysteine, were also tested to explore potential mechanisms. Results: A total of 253 subjects validly completed the study protocol. Urinary isoflavones suggested a good compliance to the treatments. Intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses indicated no significant difference in the 6-month or percentage changes in the parameters of bone metabolism and inflammatory markers among the three treatment groups. Conclusions: Whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosages exhibited no significant effect on the bone metabolism and inflammation levels among Chinese equol-producing postmenopausal women.
Lidocaine-Prilocaine Cream Compared With Injected Lidocaine for Vulvar Biopsy A Randomized Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE: To compare pain control during vulvar biopsy after either application of 5% lidocaine-prilocaine cream or injection of 1% lidocaine. METHODS: In a single-site randomized trial, patients who needed vulvar biopsy on a non-hair-bearing surface were recruited from a gynecologic oncology clinic to compare lidocaine-prilocaine cream (placed at least 10 minutes before biopsy) with lidocaine injection (at least 1 minute prior). A sample size of 53 participants in each arm (N=106) was planned. Pain was recorded using a 100 mm visual analog scale at three time points: baseline, after application of anesthesia, and after biopsy. The primary outcome was highest pain score recorded. Secondary outcomes were pain score at biopsy, patient experience, and tolerability and acceptability. Linear regression was used to compare the primary outcome between arms while controlling for baseline vulvar pain. A convenience analysis was performed in March 2019. RESULTS: From October 2018 to March 2019, 38 patients completed informed consent and were randomized. Participants were women with median age of 60 years. Most characteristics between groups were similar. Nineteen were analyzed in the lidocaine-prilocaine group, and 18 were analyzed in the lidocaine injection group. The median highest pain score in the lidocaine-prilocaine group was 20.0 mm vs 56.5 mm in the lidocaine injection group. Controlling for baseline pain, the highest pain score in the lidocaine-prilocaine arm was 25.7 mm lower than in the lidocaine injection arm (95% CI [-45.1 to -6.3]; P<.01). Patients randomized to lidocaine-prilocaine had a significantly better experience than those receiving injected lidocaine (median experience score 2.0 mm vs 17.0 mm; P=.02). CONCLUSION: Lidocaine-prilocaine cream before vulvar biopsy resulted in a lower maximum pain score and a significantly better patient rating of the biopsy experience when compared with lidocaine injection. Lidocaine-prilocaine cream, alone, is a reasonable option to use for vulvar biopsy.
Protocol Paper A Randomized Trial of 2 Creams in the Skin Care of Patients Receiving Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in the Tropics; Background: Nurses working in a northern Australia Radiation Therapy Unit advise all patients undergoing radiation therapy to use a readily available nonprescription moisturizing cream to minimize the severity of radiation skin reactions. However, patients report that the cream is thick and difficult to use in the humid tropical climate, and nurses anecdotally suspect an increase in severe skin reactions during the summer months. Objective: This article presents the protocol for a randomized controlled trial that addressed a lack of evidence pertaining to the use of topical creams to prevent acute radiation skin reactions in a tropical climate. Methods: Two skin care creams were used in the trial. The trial's primary outcome measure was the incidence of moist desquamation during treatment and 1 month after treatment completion. The secondary outcome was the participants' acceptance of the allocated cream at similar time points. Results: Recruitment to the trial has been completed. Findings of the research will be reported in a separate publication. Conclusions: This article presents the protocol for a randomized controlled trial that addresses a lack of evidence pertaining to the use of topical creams to prevent acute radiation skin reactions in a tropical climate. Implications for Practice: This protocol can be adapted by other researchers conducting practice-based research.
A double-blind, randomized controlled trial of the use of imiquimod cream for the treatment of anal canal high-grade anal intraepithelial neoplasia in HIV-positive MSM on HAART, with long-term follow-up data including the use of open-label imiquimod; Objective: To determine whether imiquimod was more effective than placebo for the treatment of high-grade anal canal intraepithelial neoplasia (HG-ACIN). Design: Double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial. Methods: Sixty-four HIV-positive patients were randomized to self-application of imiquimod cream or matched placebo into the anal canal three times a week for 4 months. Response was assessed by cytology, high-resolution anoscopy and biopsy 2 months after therapy. All patients who failed to resolve were offered treatment with open-label imiquimod for a further 4 months. Results: Fifty-three patients completed the study, of which 28 patients were on active drug and 25 patients on placebo. In the imiquimod group, four patients resolved and eight patients downgraded to low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LSIL) with a median follow-up of 33 months. In the placebo group, one patient resolved. Imiquimod was significantly associated with a positive outcome (P = 0.003). Only one patient discontinued owing to side effects. Twenty-one patients entered a second open-label phase of treatment. Five of these patients cleared their anal canal intraepithelial neoplasia (ACIN) and four patients downgraded to LSIL. The overall mean duration of follow-up was 36 months. During this extended follow-up period, 61% have exhibited sustained absence of high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL). Conclusion: This study demonstrates the effectiveness of imiquimod for the treatment of ACIN, and the benefit of prolonged or repeated treatments. This form of therapy is likely to be especially valuable for patients with widespread multifocal ACIN who are otherwise difficult to treat, and should be considered as an adjunct to ablative therapy. (C) 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Surgery Versus 5% Imiquimod for Nodular and Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: 5-Year Results of the SINS Randomized Controlled Trial; We previously reported modest clinical 3-year benefit for topical imiquimod compared with surgery for superficial or nodular basal cell carcinoma at low-risk sites in our noninferiority randomized controlled SINS trial. Here we report 5-year data. Participants were randomized to imiquimod 5% cream once daily (superficial basal cell carcinoma, 6 weeks; nodular basal cell carcinoma, 12 weeks) or excisional surgery (4-mm margin). The primary outcome was clinical absence of initial failure or signs of recurrence at the 3-year dermatology review. Five-year success was defined as 3-year success plus absence of recurrences identified through hospital, histopathology, and general practitioner records. Of 501 participants randomized, 401 contributed to the modified intention-to-treat analyses at year 3 (primary outcome), 383 (96%) of whom had data at year 5. Five-year success rates for imiquimod were 82.5% (170/206) compared with 97.7% (173/177) for surgery (relative risk of imiquimod success = 0.84, 95% confidence interval = 0.77-0.91, P < 0.001). These were comparable to year 3 success rates of 83.6% (178/213) and 98.4% (185/188) for imiquimod and surgery, respectively. Most imiquimod treatment failures occurred in year 1. Although surgery is clearly superior to imiquimod, this study shows sustained benefit for lesions that respond early to topical imiquimod.
Differential impact of the cheese matrix on the postprandial lipid response: a randomized, crossover, controlled trial; Background: In a simulated gastrointestinal environment, the cheese matrix modulates dairy fat digestion. However, to our knowledge, the impact of the cheese matrix on postprandial lipemia in humans has not yet been evaluated. Objective: In healthy subjects, we compared the impact of dairy fat provided from firm cheese, soft cream cheese, and butter on the postprandial response at 4 h and on the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of plasma triglycerides. Design: Forty-three healthy subjects were recruited to this randomized, crossover, controlled trial. In random order at intervals of 14 d and after a 12-h fast, subjects ingested 33 g fat from a firm cheese (young cheddar), a soft cream cheese (cream cheese), or butter (control) incorporated into standardized meals that were matched for macronutrient content. Plasma concentrations of triglycerides were measured immediately before the meal and 2, 4, 6, and 8 h after the meal. Results: Cheddar cheese, cream cheese, and butter induced similar increases in triglyceride concentrations at 4 h (change from baseline: + 59%, + 59%, and + 62%, respectively; P = 0.9). No difference in the triglyceride iAUC(0-8 h) (P-meal = 0.9) was observed between the 3 meals. However, at 2 h, the triglyceride response caused by the cream cheese (change from baseline: + 44%) was significantly greater than that induced by butter (change from baseline: + 24%; P = 0.002) and cheddar cheese (change from baseline: + 16%; P = 0.0004). At 6 h, the triglyceride response induced by cream cheese was significantly attenuated compared with that induced by cheddar cheese (change from baseline: + 14% compared with + 42%; P = 0.0004). Conclusion: This study demonstrates that the cheese matrix modulates the impact of dairy fat on postprandial lipemia in healthy subjects.
Efficacy and safety of Jianpishengsui for chemotherapy-related fatigue in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background Chemotherapy-related fatigue (CRF) is a common symptom in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. A Chinese herbal formula cream for oral application, called Jianpishengsui (JPSS), is extensively used in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine as an internal preparation for CRF and is associated with a promising response. Due to the lack of high-quality clinical evidence, a randomized placebo-controlled trial is required to assess the efficacy and safety of JPSS. Methods/design The efficacy and safety of JPSS herbal formula cream will be evaluated through a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled trial conducted in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine. NSCLC patients with CRF will be randomized into two groups at a ratio of 1:1. Each group will receive either 15 g of the oral JPSS herbal formula cream or placebo twice a day from day 6 to day 20 during two courses of paclitaxel + platinum/docetaxel + platinum/pemetrexed + platinum (TP/DP/AP) chemotherapy. The primary endpoint is the difference in the degree of fatigue between baseline (the day before the start of the intervention) and day 42, which will be assessed by the Revised Piper Fatigue Scale score. The secondary endpoints are quality of life (measured by the 43-item European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire-Lung Cancer C43), Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status, and Traditional Chinese Medicine syndrome score. The toxicity of the treatments will also be evaluated at the same time. All outcomes will be measured at baseline, day 6, day 21, and day 42 of the treatment. Discussion This randomized trial will investigate the efficacy and safety of JPSS applied for CRF in patients with NSCLC.
Complementary and alternative therapies for management of odor in malignant fungating wounds: a critical review; Malignant fungating wounds (MFWs) affect an estimated 5%-10% of all people with cancer. They have a profound effect on the individual, and their associated symptoms such as bleeding, odor, exudate, and pain cause much distress, anxiety, and social isolation. Odor is cited by patients and clinicians as the worst aspect of such wounds. Strategies to manage odor at the wound site include the use of complementary and alternative therapies. This review aimed to synthesize the current evidence for the use of complementary and alternative therapies in the management of odor in MFWs. No restrictions on date, language, or care setting were applied. Nine databases were searched yielding four papers meeting our criteria. Of the four papers, one was a randomized controlled trial (RCT), and three were case studies. Two papers investigated the use of green tea teabags as a secondary dressing, while others used essential oils either combined with a cream applied directly to the wound or as a secondary dressing. In an RCT, green tea was used as a solution to cleanse the wound followed by the application of green tea teabag as a secondary dressing versus metronidazole powder for the management of odor over 7 days. All patients reported a reduction in odor and physical discomfort, and an improvement in social interaction and appetite, but the difference between groups was not statistically significant. The case studies all reported an improvement in odor management. The use of complementary and alternative therapies in the management of MFW-associated malodor is not supported by evidence from RCTs. Green tea may have potential as a secondary dressing to manage odor. Further research in this area is warranted.
A double blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial that breast milk derived<i> Lactobacillus</i> <i>gasseri </i>BNR17 mitigated diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome; The exact pathogenesis of diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is not known, but the abnormal microbiota of the gastrointestinal tract is considered to be one of the important contributing factors as in other gastrointestinal diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease, antibiotic-associated diarrhea, and colorectal cancer as well as systemic diseases. Though diverse trials of probiotics had been continued in the treatment of diarrhea-IBS, only a few proved by randomized clinical trial. To prove the efficacy of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 isolated from breast milk in patients with diarrhea-IBS, prospective, randomized, placebo controlled clinical trial was done including health related-quality of life analysis, colon transit time, and the changes of fecal micro-biota. BNR17 significantly improved the symptoms of diarrhea compared to control group. Health related-QOL analysis showed significant improvement of abdominal pain, distension, disturbed daily life, and mean defecation frequency with BNR17. On comparative CTT before and after BNR17, 6 out of 24 subjects showed significant correction of rapid colon transit pattern, while only 2 out of 24 in placebo (p < 0.01). Upon fecal microbiota analysis, BNR17 significantly increased B. fecalis, E. rectale, C. aerofaciens, F. prausnitzil and B. steroris. Conclusively, Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 can be a potential probiotics to ameliorate diarrhea-IBS.
Lactotripeptides intake and blood pressure management: A meta-analysis of randomised controlled clinical trials; Background and aims: Lactotripeptides (LTPs, including IPP and VPP) have held promise in the framework of lifestyle modification for prevention and control of hypertension - a cardiovascular risk factor, as LTPs are reported to have an inhibitory effect on angiotensin-converting enzyme. While the number of clinical trials to test the efficacy of LTP continues to increase, the results have been inconsistent, especially in the last few years. The purpose of the present meta-analysis is to precisely estimate the pooled mean effect of LTPs on conventional blood pressure (BP) generally and on 24-h ambulatory BP (ABP) particularly, as well as the change of BP in relation to baseline BP, race, and study design, to better reflect the evolving field. Data synthesis: In general analysis of 24 studies with 28 trials on 1919 human subjects, there are small reductions in both systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) with the pooled mean effects of 1.66 (95% confidence interval (CI): -2.48 and -0.84) and 0.76 mmHg (-1.31 and -0.20) in response to LTP administration. In analysis of 24-h ABP response to LTP intervention, the reductions of SBP and DBP are 1.30 (-2.49 and -0.11) and 0.57 mmHg (-1.49 and 0.35). In subgroup analysis, the anti-hypertensive efficacy appears to be related to baseline BP, ethnic differences, treatment duration and double versus not double-blind design. Conclusions: The present findings indicate that the BP-lowering effect of LTP is statistically significant, though small in magnitude. More clinical investigations (especially randomized double-blind trials with ABP) are warranted to determine the anti-hypertensive efficacy of LTP conclusively. Copyright (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Tumor thickness and adnexal extension of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) as determinants of treatment failure for methylaminolevulinate (MAL)-photodynamic therapy (PDT), imiquimod, and 5-fluorouracil (FU); Background: Noninvasive treatments are frequently used in treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) because of better cosmetic results, lower costs, and less burden on health care services when compared with surgical excision. However, probability of treatment failure is higher after noninvasive therapies and may depend on histologic tumor characteristics. Objective: We sought to investigate whether tumor thickness and adnexal extension are determinants of treatment failure in sBCC treated with topical methylaminolevulinate-photodynamic therapy, imiquimod, or 5-fluorouracil. Methods: Data were derived from a randomized controlled trial on the effectiveness of methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy, imiquimod, and 5-fluorouracil for treatment of sBCC (ISRCTN79701845). For tumors with treatment failure (n = 112) and a randomly selected control group of tumors without treatment failure (n = 224) data on tumor thickness and adnexal extension were retrospectively collected. Treatment failure was defined as a clinically and histologically persistent or recurrent tumor within 1-year posttreatment. Results: Tumor thickness of included patients ranged from 0.2 to 1.0 mm. Tumor thickness and adnexal extension of sBCC were not significantly associated with treatment failure of methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy, imiquimod, or 5-fluorouracil. Limitations: Follow-up period of 1 year is a limitation. Conclusion: There seems to be no need to determine tumor thickness or adnexal extension in sBCC before treatment.
Effect of whole soy and purified daidzein on ambulatory blood pressure and endothelial function-a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women with prehypertension; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although observational studies suggest that soy foods or isoflavones are cardio-protective, clinical trials on whole soy or isoflavone daidzein (one major isoflavone and the precursor of equol) on blood pressure (BP) and endothelial function (EF) are few and have not been specifically conducted among equol producers, a population most likely to benefit from soy treatment. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We performed a 6-month double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) or purified daidzein on BP and EF in prehypertensive or untreated hypertensive postmenopausal women verified to be equol producers. A total of 270 eligible women were recruited and randomized to either one of the three treatment groups, 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder+63 mg daidzein (daidzein group) or 40 g low-fat milk powder (active control group) daily, each given as a solid beverage powder for 6 months. The primary outcome measures were 24 h ambulatory BP (ABP) and EF assessed by flow-mediated dilation using brachial artery ultrasound. RESULTS: A total of 253 subjects completed the study according to protocol. Urinary isoflavones indicated good compliance with the interventions. Intention to treat and per-protocol analysis indicated that there was no significant difference in the 6-month changes or % changes in parameters of ABP and brachial flow-mediated dilation among the three treatment groups. A further subgroup analysis among hypertensive women (n = 138) did not alter the conclusions. CONCLUSIONS: Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on BP and vascular function among equol-producing postmenopausal women with prehypertension or untreated hypertension.
Milk <i>kefir</i>: nutritional, microbiological and health benefits; Kefir is fermented milk produced from grains that comprise a specific and complex mixture of bacteria and yeasts that live in a symbiotic association. The nutritional composition of kefir varies according to the milk composition, the microbiological composition of the grains used, the time/temperature of fermentation and storage conditions. Kefir originates from the Caucasus and Tibet. Recently, kefir has raised interest in the scientific community due to its numerous beneficial effects on health. Currently, several scientific studies have supported the health benefits of kefir, as reported historically as a probiotic drink with great potential in health promotion, as well as being a safe and inexpensive food, easily produced at home. Regular consumption of kefir has been associated with improved digestion and tolerance to lactose, antibacterial effect, hypocholesterolaemic effect, control of plasma glucose, anti-hypertensive effect, anti-inflammatory effect, antioxidant activity, anti-carcinogenic activity, anti-allergenic activity and healing effects. A large proportion of the studies that support these findings were conducted in vitro or in animal models. However, there is a need for systematic clinical trials to better understand the effects of regular use of kefir as part of a diet, and for their effect on preventing diseases. Thus, the present review focuses on the nutritional and microbiological composition of kefir and presents relevant findings associated with the beneficial effects of kefir on human and animal health.
Dietary Intakes Associated with Successful Weight Loss and Maintenance during the Weight Loss Maintenance Trial; Background Dietary components effective in weight maintenance efforts have not been adequately identified. Objective To determine the effects of changes in dietary consumption on weight loss and maintenance during the Weight Loss Maintenance clinical trial. Design Weight Loss Maintenance was a randomized controlled trial. Successful weight loss participants who completed Phase I of the trial and lost 4 kg were randomized to one of three maintenance intervention arms in Phase II and followed for an additional 30 months. Participants/setting The multicenter trial was conducted from 2003 through 2007. This substudy included 828 successful weight loss participants. Methods The Block Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) was used to assess nutrient intake levels and food group servings. Carbohydrates, proteins, fats, dietary fiber, fruit/vegetable, and dairy servings were utilized as predictor variables. The FFQ was collected on all participants at study entry (beginning of Phase I). Those randomized to Phase II completed the FFQ at three additional time points: randomization (beginning of Phase II), 12 months, and 30 months. Intervention The main intervention focused on long-term maintenance of weight loss using the Dietary Approaches to Hypertension diet. This substudy examined if changes to specific dietary variables were associated with weight loss and maintenance. Statistical analyses performed Linear regression models that adjusted for change in total energy examined the relationship between changes in dietary intake and weight for each time period. Site, age, race, sex, and a race sex interaction were included as covariates. Results Participants who substituted protein, for fat lost, on average, 0.33 kg per 6 months during Phase I (P<0.0001) and 0.07 kg per 6 months during Phase II (P<0.0001) per 1% increase in protein. Increased intake of fruits and vegetables was associated with weight joss in Phases I and II: 0.29 kg per 6 months (P<0.0001) and 0.04 kg per 6 months (P=0.0062), respectively, per 1-serving increase. Substitution of carbohydrates for fat and protein for carbohydrates were associated with weight loss during both phases. Increasing dairy intake was associated with significant weight loss during Phase II (-0.17 kg per 6 months per 1-serving increase, P=0.0002), but not during Phase I. Dietary fiber revealed no significant findings. Conclusions Increasing fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy may help achieve weight loss and maintenance. J Am Diet Assoc. 2011;111:1826-1835.
Surgical interventions for high-grade vulval intraepithelial neoplasia; Background This is an updated version of an original Cochrane review published in The Cochrane Library, 2011, Issue 1. Vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN) is a pre-malignant condition of the vulval skin. This uncommon chronic skin condition of the vulva is associated with a high risk of recurrence and the potential to progress to vulval cancer. The condition is complicated by its multicentric and multifocal nature. The incidence of this condition appears to be rising, particularly in the younger age group. There is a lack of consensus on the optimal surgical treatment method. However, the rationale for the surgical treatment of VIN has been to treat the symptoms and exclude any underlying malignancy, with the continued aim of preserving the vulval anatomy and function. Repeated treatments affect local cosmesis and cause psychosexual morbidity, thus impacting he individual's quality of life. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of surgical interventions in women with high-grade VIN. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecological Cancer Group Trials Register and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) Issue 11,2013 and MEDLINE and EMBASE up to December 2013. We also searched registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings and reference lists of included studies, and contacted experts in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared surgical interventions in adult women diagnosed with high-grade VIN. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently abstracted data and assessed risk of bias. Main results We identified one RCT, including 30 women, that met our inclusion criteria; this trial reported data on carbon dioxide (CO2) laser surgery versus cavitational ultrasonic surgical aspiration (CUSA). There were no statistically significant differences in the risks of disease recurrence after one year of follow-up, pain, scarring, dysuria or burning, adhesions, infection, abnormal discharge or eschar between women who underwent CO2 laser surgery and those who received CUSA. The trial lacked statistical power due to the small number of women in each group and the low number of observed events, but was at low risk of bias. Authors' conclusions The included trial lacked statistical power due to the small number of women in each group and the low number of observed events. The absence of reliable evidence regarding the effectiveness and safety of the two surgical techniques for the management of VIN therefore precludes any definitive guidance or recommendations for clinical practice.
Soy and the exercise-induced inflammatory response in postmenopausal women; Aging is associated with increasing inflammation and oxidative stress in the body, both of which can have negative health effects. Successful attenuation of such processes with dietary countermeasures has major public health implications. Soy foods, as a source of high-quality protein and isoflavones, may improve such indices, although the effects in healthy postmenopausal women are not well delineated. A single-blind, randomized controlled trial was conducted in 31 postmenopausal women who were assigned to consume 3 servings of soy (n = 16) or dairy (n = 15) milk per day for 4 weeks. Parameters of systemic inflammation (tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), and interleukin-6 (IL-6)) and the oxidative defense system (superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase, cyclooxygenase-2) were measured post supplementation, before and after an eccentric exercise bout performed to elicit an inflammatory response. A significant group-by-time effect for plasma TNF-alpha was observed (p = 0.02), with values in the dairy group increased post supplementation and then decreasing into the postexercise period. Additionally, significant time effects were observed for plasma SOD (p < 0.0001) and IL-6 (p < 0.0001) in the postexercise period. Overall results from our study do not support the notion that 4 weeks of daily soy milk ingestion can attenuate systemic elevations in markers of inflammation or oxidative defense. However, data do suggest that the downhill-running protocol utilized in this study can be effective in altering systemic markers of inflammation and oxidative defense enzyme activity, and that the ingestion of soy may help prevent fluctuations in plasma TNF-alpha.
Effects of Topical Atorvastatin (2%) on Posthemorrhoidectomy Pain and Wound Healing: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Atorvastatin is a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG CoA) reductase inhibitor widely used in treatment of hypercholesterolemia and prevention of coronary heart disease and has various pleiotropic effects. In this study, the efficacy of atorvastatin emulgel (2 %) in reducing postoperative pain at rest, pain during defecation and analgesic requirement after open hemorrhoidectomy was investigated. A total of 66 patients with third- and fourth-degree hemorrhoids undergoing open hemorrhoidectomy were included in this prospective, double-blind, randomized controlled trial. The patients were randomly assigned to either atorvastatin emulgel or placebo immediately after surgery and then every 12 h for 14 days. The primary outcomes were intensity of pain at rest and during defecation, measured with a visual analog scale, and the analgesic requirement, measured by amount of pethidine and acetaminophen consumption, and percent of wound healing. There was no significant difference in the average postoperative pain scores in the first 48 h (P (12h) = 1, P (24h) = 0.128 and P (48h) = 0.079) after the surgery between the two groups, but at the week 1 the pain scores during defecation were considerably lower in the atorvastatin group than in placebo group (P = 0.004), which also was the same at the week 2 (P = 0.03). There was no significant difference in the average pethidine and acetaminophen (mg) administration at 12 h and 24 h between the two groups after surgery. Regarding the data about wound healing, at the week two the healing was much better in the treatment group than it was in control group and the difference was statistically significant (P = 0.04). Compared with placebo, atorvastatin emulgel reduced postoperative pain at rest and on defecation and could improve the healing process after open hemorrhoidectomy. IRCT201404013014N8.
Comparing Dermolina-Henna Cream with Mometasone Cream in Improving Radiodermatitis Among Patients with Breast Cancer: A Randomized Active-Control Double-Blind Clinical Trial; Objectives: Radiotherapy is one of the treatments used for different types of cancer. Acute radiodermatitis is one of its most common complications. Despite the high prevalence of radiodermatitis, few studies investigated how to prevent or treat this complication. Hence, a standard treatment has not been introduced so far. We sought to evaluate the efficacy of Dermolina-Henna cream, a new polyherbal formulation, compared to Mometasone cream for alleviating acute radiodermatitis among breast cancer patients.Design: Randomized active-control double-blind clinical trial.Setting/Location: The oncology clinic of Shohaday-e Tajrish Hospital (Tehran, Iran).Subjects: Women older than 18 years with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy.Interventions: Patients were instructed to apply a thin layer of Dermolina-Henna or Mometasone cream once daily on their lesions at least 3 h after radiotherapy for 4 weeks, and if grade I or II radiodermatitis developed, also afterward. Patients were visited weekly until end of study at after 4 weeks. Radiation Therapy Oncology Group standard questionnaires were evaluated and recorded every week as the primary outcome.Outcome measures: Primary outcome was defined as evaluating the efficacy of Dermolina-Henna cream to change the radiodermatitis grade, while the level of patients' satisfaction and the rate of adverse events recorded by patients were secondary outcomes.Results: The trends on decrease in number of lesions, erythema, radiodermatitis grade, burning sensation, pain, and itchiness were statistically significant for each treatment, separately (p < 0.001), except for radiodermatitis grade in Mometasone group (p = 0.4). Dermolina-Henna was significantly better than Mometasone in alleviating burning sensation (p < 0.001) and itchiness (p = 0.041). Approximately 3.7% of patients showed adverse events and 3.7% declared dissatisfaction in both groups.Conclusions: In summary, we showed that Dermolina-Henna cream and Mometasone cream were significantly effective in decreasing severity of radiodermatitis symptoms among patients with breast cancer. Dermolina-Henna cream was significantly superior to Mometasone cream in alleviating burning and itchiness.
Comparing efficacy and safety of potassium hydroxide 5% solution with 5-fluorouracil cream in patients with actinic keratoses: a randomized controlled trial; Background Actinic keratosis (AK) is a pre-cancerous skin lesion, associated with development of squamous cell carcinoma. Current treatment options are limited. Objectives To compare the efficacy and safety of topical 5-fluorouracil cream (5-FU) and potassium hydroxide 5% (KOH) in the treatment of AK. Methods Eighteen patients with AK applied KOH solution or 5-FU on each side of their scalp/face, randomly. The efficacy and safety of these treatments were compared. Results Thirteen (118 lesions) and ten (83 lesions) patients were successfully followed for one and three months, respectively. After one month, KOH showed a better clinical response (81% vs. 58%;p-value = 0.007) and dermoscopic response (KOH, 65% vs. 5-FU, 46%;p-value = 0.04); while no differences were noted after three months (clinical response, 83% vs.70%,p-value = 0.1; dermoscopic response, 76% vs. 59%,p-value = 0.1). No significant differences in the recurrence rate of the lesion between the two groups were noted at the end of the third month (p-value = 0.5). Regarding the safety of the treatments, the risk of developing erythema, scaling, sand swelling was higher in 5-FU group (p-value < 0.0001, for all), while more patients in KOH group had erosion and ulcer (p-value < 0.001 for both). KOH was up to 96% less expensive than 5-FU. Limitations Low number of patients and short-term follow-up limited the analysis. Conclusion KOH solution offers a faster and less expensive resolution of AK lesions than does 5-FU.
Five-Year Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing Effectiveness of Photodynamic Therapy, Topical Imiquimod, and Topical 5-Fluorouracil in Patients with Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma; For the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma, a prospective, noninferiority, randomized controlled multicenter trial with 601 patients showed that 5% imiquimod cream was superior and 5-fluorouracil cream not inferior to methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) at 1 and 3 years after treatment. No definite conclusion could be drawn regarding the superiority of imiquimod over 5-fluorouracil. We now present the 5-year follow-up results according to the intention-to-treat analysis. Five years after treatment, the probability of tumor-free survival was 62.7% for methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (95% confidence interval [CI] = 55.3-69.2), 80.5% for imiquimod (95% CI = 74.0-85.6), and 70.0% for 5-fluorouracil (95% CI = 62.9-76.0). The hazard ratio for treatment failure of imiquimod and 5-fluorouracil were 0.48 (95% CI = 0.32-0.71, P < 0.001) and 0.74 (95% CI = 0.53-1.05, P = 0.09), respectively, when compared with methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy. Compared with 5-fluorouracil, imiquimod showed a hazard ratio of 0.65 (95% CI 0.43-0.98, P = 0.04). In conclusion, 5 years after treatment, the results of this trial show that 5% imiquimod cream is superior to both methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy and 5-fluorouracil cream in terms of efficacy for superficial basal cell carcinoma. We therefore consider 5% imiquimod cream as the first choice for noninvasive treatment in most primary superficial basal cell carcinomas.
Randomized controlled trial to evaluate transdermal testosterone in female cancer survivors with decreased libido; North Central Cancer Treatment Group protocol N02C3; Background Decreased libido is one of several changes in sexual function that are often experienced by female cancer patients. Transdermal testosterone therapy has been associated with increased libido among estrogen-replete women who report low libido. Methods In a phase III randomized, placebo-controlled crossover clinical trial, we evaluated whether transdermal testosterone would increase sexual desire in female cancer survivors. Postmenopausal women with a history of cancer and no current evidence of disease were eligible if they reported a decrease in sexual desire and had a sexual partner. Eligible women were randomly assigned to receive 2% testosterone in Vanicream for a testosterone dose of 10 mg daily or placebo Vanicream, for 4 weeks and were then crossed over to the opposite treatment for an additional 4 weeks. The primary endpoint was sexual desire or libido, as measured using the desire subscales of the Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire, as assessed at baseline and at the end of 4 and 8 weeks of treatment. Serum levels of bioavailable testosterone were measured at the same times. All statistical tests were two-sided. Results We enrolled 150 women. Women who were on active testosterone cream had higher serum levels of bioavailable testosterone than women on placebo (mean change from baseline, testosterone versus placebo, week 4, 11.57% versus 0%, difference = 11.57%, 95% confidence interval [Cl] = 8.49% to 14.65%; week 8, 10.21% versus 0.28%, difference = 9.92%, 95% Cl = 5.42% to 14.42%; P<.001 for all). However, the average intrapatient libido change from baseline to weeks 4 and 8 was similar on both arms. Conclusion Increased testosterone level did not translate into improved libido, possibly because women on this study were estrogen depleted.
Associations between Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure in a Clinical Sample of Overweight Adults; Background Dietary pattern analysis provides important evidence revealing diet-disease relationships. It may be especially useful in areas less well researched, such as diet and hypertension in clinical populations. Objective The aim of this study was to identify the association between dietary patterns and blood pressure (BP) in a sample of overweight adults volunteering for a clinical trial for weight loss. Design This cross-sectional analysis used baseline data from the HealthTrack study, a 12-month randomized controlled trial. Dietary intake was evaluated with 4-day food records. Participants/setting Participants were 328 adults recruited from the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia, between May 2014 and April 2015. Main outcome measures Resting BP and 24-hour urine sodium and potassium were measured. Statistical analysis Dietary patterns were derived by principal component analysis from 21 food groups. Multiple regression analysis was performed to assess the association between the extracted dietary patterns and BP. Results The participants' mean age was 43.6 +/- 8.0 years, mean body mass index was 32.4 +/- 4.2, and mean systolic BP/diastolic BP was 124.9 +/- 14.5/73.3 +/- 9.9 mm Hg. Six major dietary patterns were identified: "nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish," "milk and meat," "breads, cereals, and snacks," "cereal-based products, fats, and oils," "alcohol, eggs, and legumes," and "savoury sauces, condiments, and meat." The "nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish" dietary pattern was significantly and inversely associated with systolic BP (F [7,320]=15.248; P<0.0005; adjusted R-2=0.234 and diastolic BP (F [7,320]=17.351; P<0.0005; adjusted R-2=0.259) and sodium-to-potassium ratio (F [7,320]=6.210; P<0.0005; adjusted R-2=0.100). Conclusions A dietary pattern rich in nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish was inversely associated with blood pressure in this clinical sample. The findings suggest that current dietary guidelines are relevant to an overweight clinical population and support the value of dietary pattern analysis when exploring the diet-disease relationship.
The Effects of Combination Perianal-Intrarectal Lidocaine-Prilocaine Cream and Periprostatic Nerve Block for Pain Control during Transrectal Ultrasound Guided Biopsy of the Prostate: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; Purpose: Prostate biopsy for diagnosing cancer can be painful. The efficacy and safety of combination perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine (PILP) cream and periprostatic nerve block were compared with nerve block alone during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy (TRUS-Bx). Materials and Methods: From October 2007 to August 2009, 74 men undergoing a transrectal prostate biopsy were randomized into two groups. In group 1, 36 patients received a combination of PILP cream and a periprostatic nerve block; and in group 2, 38 patients received lubricant jelly and a periprostatic nerve block. Thirty minutes later, the TRUS-Bx was performed. Pain was evaluated by a 10-point visual analogue scale (VAS) after the biopsy. Results: Patients in group 1 showed a significantly lower VAS score than patients in group 2 (mean score 2.22 +/- 0.89 vs. 3.02 +/- 1.15, p<0.001). In addition, there was a difference in the number of patients that had a pain score of three or more, 44% in group 1, and 65% in group 2. The overall complication rate was similar in both groups (p=0.45). Conclusions: A combination of PILP cream and periprostatic nerve block reduced pain compared to the periprostatic nerve block alone. This safe, simple technique can be considered prior to TRUS-Bx to reduce patient discomfort.
Histologic subtype of treatment failures after noninvasive therapy for superficial basal cell carcinoma: An observational study; Background: There have been concerns that recurrences after noninvasive therapy for basal cell carcinoma (BCC) transform into a "more aggressive'' histologic subtype. Objective: We sought to evaluate the proportion of patients with a nonsuperficial treatment failure after noninvasive therapy for superficial BCC. Methods: An observational study was performed using data from a single blind, noninferiority, randomized controlled trial (March 2008-August 2010) with 5-year follow-up in patients with primary superficial BCC treated with methylaminolevulinate-photodynamic therapy, 5-fluorouracil, or imiquimod. Data were used from 166 adults with a histologically confirmed treatment failure. Results: A nonsuperficial subtype was found in 64 of 166 treatment failures (38.6%). Proportions with a more aggressive subtype than the primary tumor were 51.3% (38/74) for early and 28.3% (26/92) for later treatment failures (P = .003). The proportion of more aggressive early failures was significantly lower after imiquimod (26.3%) compared with methylaminolevulinate-photodynamic therapy (54.8%, P = .086) and 5-fluorouracil (66.7%, P = .011). Limitations: There was limited information on the exact time of occurrence of treatment failures. Conclusion: More aggressive treatment failure recurrences after noninvasive therapy for superficial BCC occur most often within the first 3 months posttreatment, probably indicating underdiagnosis of more aggressive components in the primary tumor rather than transformation.
RISK MANAGEMENT OF CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE THROUGH MILK ENRICHED WITH STEROLS IN A YOUNG-ADULT POPULATION; RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED CLINICAL TRIAL; Introduction: Hypercholesterolemia is one of the most relevant risk factors in cardiovascular disease, where use of plant sterols one strategy evident. Aim: To determine the effectiveness of a rich in phytosterols for reducing markers of cardiovascular disease in young adult population milk. Methods: A randomized, clinical controlled trial, double-blind crossover study. Sterols (2.24 g per day) were ingested through commercial milk, with two phases and three weeks respectively separated by a washout period of 2 weeks, for those subjects during the "milk of study", and the same amount of skim milk, sterols, for placebo. At the beginning and end of each phase blood draws were performed.. Lipid profile, hematology, inflammation, etc; anthropometric data, health habits and blood laboratory markers were collected. Results: Nineteen people completed the study of 34.68 years (+/- 6.91). Difference between baseline and final scores were 19.47 (+/- 29.10) mg/dl, 24.47 (+/- 30.68) mg/dl, 14.36 (+/- 44.16) mg/dl for LDL-cholesterol, total Cholesterol and Triglycerides, respectively. Without considerable changes in HDLc. There are significant differences between placebo and milk with sterols for LDL (p=0.009) and total Cholesterol (p=0.003). Conclusions: Sterols supplied in a functional food, such as milk, can be a strategy for non- pharmacological treatment of hypercholesterolemia and therefore a tool for cardiovascular risk reduction globally.
Modulation of abnormal colonic epithelial cell proliferation and differentiation by low-fat dairy foods - A randomized controlled trial; Context.-Before the development of human colonic neoplasms, colonic epithelial cells showed altered growth and differentiation. These alterations characterized mucosa at risk for cancer formation and were termed intermediate biomarkers of risk. Modifications of the mucosa toward more normal features by nutrients or drugs are putative approaches to chemoprevention of colon cancer. Objective.-To determine whether increasing calcium intake via dairy products alters colonic biomarkers toward normal. Design.-Randomized, single-blind, controlled study. Setting.-Outpatient clinic. Participants.-Seventy subjects with a history of polypectomy for colonic adenomatous polyps. Intervention.-low-fat dairy products containing up to 1200 mg/d of calcium. Subjects were randomized to 4 strata by diet (control vs higher calcium) and age (<60 vs greater than or equal to 60 years). Main Outcome Measures.-Changes in total colonic epithelial cells and number and position of thymidine-labeled epithelial cells and changes in the ratio of sulfomucins (predominantly secreted by distal colorectal epithelial cells) to sialomucins and expression of cytokeratin AE1, 2 markers of colonic cell differentiation. Results.-During 6 and 12 months of treatment, reduction of colonic epithelial cell proliferative activity (P<.05), reduction in size of the proliferative compartment (P<.05), and restoration of acidic mucin (P<.02), cytokeratin AE1 distribution (P<.05), and nuclear size (P<.05) toward that of normal cells occurred. Control subjects showed no differences from baseline proliferative values at 6 and 12 months (P>.05). Conclusion.-Increasing the daily intake of calcium by up to 1200 mg via lowfat dairy food in subjects at risk for colonic neoplasia reduces proliferative activity of colonic epithelial cells and restores markers of normal cellular differentiation.
