A dietary approach to prevent hypertension: A review of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study; Background Populations eating mainly vegetarian diets have lower blood pressure levels than those eating omnivorous diets. Epidemiologic findings suggest that eating fruits and vegetables lowers blood pressure. Hypothesis: Two hypotheses were tested: (1) that high intake of fruits and vegetables lowers blood pressure, and (2) that an overall dietary pattern (known as the DASH diet, or DASH combination diet) that is high in fruits, vegetables, nuts, and low-fat dairy products, emphasizes fish and chicken rather than red meat, and is low in saturated fat, cholesterol, sugar, and refined carbohydrate lowers blood pressure. Methods: Participants were 459 adults with untreated systolic blood pressure < 160 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure 80-95 mmHg. After a 3-week run-in on a control diet typical of Americans, they were randomized to 8 weeks receiving either the control diet, or a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or the DASH diet. The participants were given all of their foods to eat, and body weight and sodium intake were held constant. Blood pressure was measured at the clinic and by 24-h ambulatory monitoring. Results: The DASH diet lowered systolic blood pressure significantly in the total group by 5.5/3.0 mmHg, in African Americans by 6.9/3.7 mmHg, in Caucasians by 3.3/2.4 mmHg, in hypertensives by 11.6/5.3 mmHg, and in nonhypertensives by 3.5/2.2 mmHg. The fruits and vegetables diet also reduced blood pressure in the same subgroups, but to a lesser extent. The DASH diet lowered blood pressure similarly throughout the day and night. Conclusions: The DASH diet may offer an alternative to drug therapy in hypertensives and, as a population approach, may prevent hypertension, particularly in African Americans.
Nonpharmacologic therapies that reduce blood pressure: A fresh perspective; Traditional approaches to control the epidemic of blood pressure-related atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) have largely focused on drug therapy in persons with hypertension. Still, nonpharmacologic therapy, also termed lifestyle modification, has an important and expanding role that complements drug therapy. Specifically, nonpharmacologic therapies can serve as initial therapy in Stage 1 hypertensive patients, facilitate medication step down or withdrawal in patients with well-controlled hypertension, prevent hypertension in high-risk populations, and reduce blood pressure in normotensive individuals and thereby lower their risk of ASCVD. Traditional lifestyle modifications that reduce blood pressure include sodium reduction, weight loss, moderation of alcohol intake, and increased physical activity. Such strategies have been prominently advocated in the Fifth Report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure. Recommendations to increase potassium, magnesium, and calcium intake were based primarily on general health considerations, not for control of high blood pressure. In its sixth and most recent report (JNC VI) published in 1997, the Joint National Committee has extended its recommendations.' In addition to the traditional lifestyle recommendations, the JNC VI advocates increased potassium intake for control of high blood pressure. Furthermore, this policy-making body now recommends a healthy dietary pattern, that is, one that is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol. This diet, which was rigorously evaluated in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) clinical trial, substantially lowered blood pressure in normotensive and hypertensive individuals. These recent developments reinforce the hypothesis that multiple dietary factors influence blood pressure. Nonpharmacologic approaches have enormous potential as a means to reduce blood pressure and control hypertension, thereby preventing the occurrence of ASCVD. The current challenge to health care providers, government officials, and the general public is to develop and implement effective clinical and public health strategies that lead to desirable lifestyle modifications.
Patterns of food consumption and risk factors for cardiovascular disease in the general Dutch population; Background: Few studies have examined food consumption patterns in relation to biological risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Objective: The objective of the study was to describe food consumption patterns in the general Dutch population and their association with cardiovascular risk factors. Design: We performed a cross-sectional study of 19 750 randomly selected men and women aged 20-65 y from 3 Dutch municipalities. Food consumption patterns were identified with the use of factor analysis of data from a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Results: Three food consumption patterns were identified: the "cosmopolitan" pattern (greater intakes of fried vegetables, salad, rice, chicken, fish, and wine), the "traditional" pattern (greater intakes of red meat and potatoes and lesser intakes of low-fat dairy and fruit), and the "refined-foods" pattern (greater intakes of French fries, high-sugar beverages, and white bread and lesser intakes of whole-grain bread and boiled vegetables). Higher scores for the traditional pattern were associated with older age, and higher scores for the refined-foods pattern were associated with younger age, but both were associated with lower educational level, cigarette smoking, less physical activity, and higher body mass index. Independent of other lifestyle factors and body mass index, the cosmopolitan-pattern score was significantly associated with lower blood pressure and higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations, and the traditional-pattern score was associated with higher blood pressure and higher concentrations of HDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and glucose. The refined-foods-pattern score was associated with higher total cholesterol concentrations and lower intakes of micronutrients. Conclusion: In this Dutch population, food consumption patterns were independently associated with blood pressure and plasma glucose and cholesterol concentrations.
Effects on Peripheral and Central Blood Pressure of Cocoa With Natural or High-Dose Theobromine A Randomized, Double-Blind Crossover Trial; Flavanol-rich cocoa products have been reported to lower blood pressure. It has been suggested that theobromine is partially responsible for this effect. We tested whether consumption of flavanol-rich cocoa drinks with natural or added theobromine could lower peripheral and central blood pressure. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled 3-period crossover trial we assigned 42 healthy individuals (age 62 +/- 4.5 years; 32 men) with office blood pressure of 130 to 159 mm Hg/85 to 99 mm Hg and low added cardiovascular risk to a random treatment sequence of dairy drinks containing placebo, flavanol-rich cocoa with natural dose consisting of 106 mg of theobromine, or theobromine-enriched flavanol-rich cocoa with 979 mg of theobromine. Treatment duration was 3 weeks with a 2-week washout. The primary outcome was the difference in 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure between placebo and active treatment after 3 weeks. The difference in central systolic blood pressure between placebo and active treatment was a secondary outcome. Treatment with theobromine-enriched cocoa resulted in a mean +/- SE of 3.2 +/- 1.1 mm Hg higher 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure compared with placebo (P<0.01). In contrast, 2 hours after theobromine-enriched cocoa, laboratory peripheral systolic blood pressure was not different from placebo, whereas central systolic blood pressure was 4.3 +/- 1.4 mm Hg lower (P=0.001). Natural dose theobromine cocoa did not significantly change either 24-hour ambulatory or central systolic blood pressure compared with placebo. In conclusion, theobromine-enriched cocoa significantly increased 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure while lowering central systolic blood pressure. (Hypertension. 2010;56:839-846.)
Efficacy of Probiotics in Patients of Cardiovascular Disease Risk: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on outcomes associated with cardiovascular disease risk factors (high blood pressure, overweight BMI, high cholesterol and triglycerides, elevated HbA1c and serum glucose). All randomised controlled trials publish on PubMed, Scopus, Embase, Grey Literature and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) from 1990 to 2020 were systematically searched. The PEDro scale was used to assess the quality of studies. A total of 34 studies with 2177 adults were selected for inclusion in the analysis. The mean difference and effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were analysed for the pooled results. Statistically significant pooled effects of probiotics were found in the reduction of systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, LDL-C, serum glucose, HbA1C and BMI; and elevation of HDL-C. No significant changes were observed in the outcome of triglycerides. Subgroup analysis revealed statistically significant effects of probiotics on the treatment of risk factors, with results favouring longer duration of treatment (> 1.5 months), use of alternate formulations (kefir and powder), higher dosage of probiotics (> 1.0 x 10(9) CFU), lower rate of study attrition (< 15%), double blinding of the study, diabetic patients and female populations. In summary, our meta-analysis showed a highly significant reduction in SBP, DBP associated with type 2 diabetes and in patients with diabetes mellitus, milk intake and more than 1.5 months duration intake. The effect on the reduction of total cholesterol LDL-C was associated with diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, yoghurt intake and less than 1.5 months probiotic intake. The effect on the reduction of glucose and HbA1c was associated with diabetes, small dosage of probiotics, milk type and less than 1.5 months duration intake. Additionally, probiotic supplement had a beneficial effect in reducing BMI associated with obesity, higher dosage intake of probiotics and more than 1.5 months duration of intake.
Randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial of the blood pressure-lowering effect of fermented milk with <i>Lactococcus lactis</i>: A pilot study; The blood pressure-lowering effect of fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis NRRL B-50571 was evaluated in a double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial with prehypertensive subjects. Participants were randomized into 2 groups (n = 18 each group): one group treated with fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis NRRL B-50571 and a control group treated with artificially acidified milk. Results revealed that during daily consumption of fermented milk for 5 wk, systolic [(116.55 +/- 12.26 mmHg vs. 124.77 +/- 11.04 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure (80.7 +/- 9 vs. 84.5 +/- 8.5 mmHg)] from the fermented milk group was lower than the control group. Additionally, triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein in blood serum were lower in the fermented milk group than in the control group. Results demonstrated that daily consumption of fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis (NRRL B-50571) had a blood pressure-lowering effect on prehypertensive subjects. Regular consumption of this product may be used as a potential functional food.
Enzymatically hydrolyzed lactotripeptides do not lower blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects; Background: Several placebo-controlled clinical studies suggest that products containing isoleucyl-prolyl-proline and valyl-prolylproline are able to lower blood pressure without adverse effects. The most efficient way of producing high concentrations of these lacto-tripeptides (LTPs) is enzymatic hydrolysis of dairy protein (casein) with the use of a mixture of several enzymes derived from the nongenetically modified organism Aspergillus oryzae, including proteases and peptidases. To date, no large studies of the blood pressure-lowering properties of enzymatically produced LTP (ELTP) powder in European populations have been published. Objective: This study was performed to evaluate the hypothesis that consumption of ELTP in a yogurt beverage for 8 wk significantly lowers blood pressure. Design: In this multicenter, double-blind, parallel, placebo-controlled trial, office blood pressure was evaluated in 275 Dutch hypertensive subjects. Blood pressures and body weight were measured on several days at baseline and at weeks 4 and 8 of the intervention between 2.5 and 3 h after intake of the test product. Twenty-four-h urine samples were collected at baseline and at the end of the intervention for urinalysis of sodium, potassium, creatinine, and microalbumin excretion. Results: The results showed that 10.2 mg ELTP/d does not lead to a reduction in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.66) or diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.72) compared with placebo. Conclusion: This study showed no effect of an ELTP-enriched yogurt beverage on blood pressure in hypertensive subjects in a fairly large study. Am J Clin Nutr 2008; 88: 1697-702.
Comparison of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet and a higher-fat DASH diet on blood pressure and lipids and lipoproteins: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) dietary pattern, which is high in fruit, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure as well as low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Objective: The study was designed to test the effects of substituting full-fat for low-fat dairy foods in the DASH diet, with a corresponding increase in fat and a reduction in sugar intake, on blood pressure and plasma lipids and lipoproteins. Design: This was a 3-period randomized crossover trial in freeliving healthy individuals who consumed in random order a control diet, a standard DASH diet, and a higher-fat, lower-carbohydrate modification of the DASH diet (BF-DASH diet) for 3 wk each, separated by 2-wk washout periods. Laboratory measurements, which included lipoprotein particle concentrations determined by ion mobility, were made at the end of each experimental diet. Results: Thirty-six participants completed all 3 dietary periods. Blood pressure was reduced similarly with the DASH and HFDASH diets compared with the control diet. The HF-DASH diet significantly reduced triglycerides and large and medium very-low density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle concentrations and increased LDL peak particle diameter compared with the DASH diet. The DASH diet, but not the BF-DASH diet, significantly reduced LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I, intermediate density lipoprotein and large LDL particles, and LDL peak diameter compared with the control diet. Conclusions: The BF-DASH diet lowered blood pressure to the same extent as the DASH diet but also reduced plasma triglyceride and VLDL concentrations without significantly increasing LDL cholesterol. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01404897.
Effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure - Subgroup analysis of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) randomized clinical trial; Objective: To determine the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure in subgroups. Methods: Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) was a randomized controlled feeding study conducted at 4 academic medical centers. Participants were 459 adults with untreated systolic blood pressure less than 160 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure 80 to 95 mm Hg. For 3 weeks, participants were fed a "control" diet. They were then randomized to 8 weeks of (1) control diet; (2) a diet rich in fruits and vegetables; or (3) a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol (the DASH combination diet). Weight and salt intake were held constant. Change in diastolic blood pressure was the primary outcome variable, and systolic blood pressure a secondary outcome. Subgroups analyzed included race, sex, age, body mass index, years of education, income, physical activity, alcohol intake, and hypertension status. Results: The combination diet significantly lowered systolic blood pressure in all subgroups (P<.008), and significantly lowered diastolic blood pressure (P<.01) in all but 2 subgroups. The fruits-and-vegetables diet also reduced blood pressure in the same subgroups, but to a lesser extent. The combination diet lowered systolic blood pressure significantly more in African Americans (6.8 mm Hg) than in whites (3.0 mm Hg), and in hypertensive subjects (11.4 mm Hg) than in nonhypertensive subjects (3.4 mm Hg) (P<.05 for both interactions). Conclusions: The DASH combination diet, without sodium reduction or weight loss, significantly lowered blood pressure in virtually all subgroups examined, and was particularly effective in African Americans and those with hypertension. The DASH combination diet may be an effective strategy for preventing and treating hypertension in a broad cross section of the population, including segments of the population at highest risk for blood pressure-related cardiovascular disease.
Effect of casein hydrolysate, prepared with protease derived from <i>Aspergillus oryzae</i>, on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension; Casein hydrolysate, prepared with Aspergillus oryzae protease, contains angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitory peptides, such as Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of casein hydrolysate on the blood pressure of 144 subjects with high-normal blood pressure (n = 104) and mild hypertension (n = 40). Subjects were randomly assigned to two groups for a 12-week intake period. In the test group, both systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) blood pressure decreased significantly compared with the placebo group: SBP/DBP significantly decreased from 138.2 +/- 6.5/84.4 +/- 5.3 mm Hg at week 0 to 132.3 +/- 7.3 (P < .001)/81.2 +/- 4.8 mm Hg (P < .001) at week 12. In the stratified analysis, the test product showed an anti hypertensive effect in both the subject group with high-normal blood pressure and that with mild hypertension. No side effect was observed in any subjects in this study. These results demonstrate that the casein hydrolysate, prepared with A. oryzae protease, produced a significant reduction in blood pressure in a population of subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension without an adverse event.
New insights into the effects on blood pressure of diets low in salt and high in fruits and vegetables and low-fat dairy products; Results from the recent Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Sodium trial provide the latest evidence concerning the effects of dietary patterns and sodium intake on blood pressure. Participants ate either the DASH diet (high in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated and total fat) or a typical US diet. Within each diet arm, participants ate higher, intermediate, and lower sodium levels, each for 30 days. The results indicated lower blood pressure with lower sodium intake for both diet groups. Although some critics would argue otherwise, these findings provide important new evidence for the value of the DASH diet and sodium reduction in controlling blood pressure.
Hypotensive effects of solitary addition of conventional nonfat dairy products to the routine diet: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The high consumption of low-fat and nonfat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure. Objective: We aimed to investigate whether the solitary addition of nonfat dairy products to the normal routine diet was capable of lowering blood pressure in middle-aged and older adults with elevated blood pressure. Design: With the use of a randomized, crossover intervention-study design, 49 adults (56% women) with elevated blood pressure (mean +/- SEM age: 53 +/- 2 y; systolic blood pressure: 135 +/- 1; diastolic blood pressure: 80 +/- 1 mm Hg) underwent a high-dairy condition (+4 servings conventional nonfat dairy products/d) and isocaloric no-dairy condition (+4 servings fruit products/d) in which all dairy products were removed. Both dietary conditions lasted 4 wk with a 2-wk washout before crossing over into the alternate condition. Results: The high-dairy condition produced reductions in systolic blood pressure (135 +/- 1 to 127 +/- 1 mm Hg) and pulse pressure (54 +/- 1 to 48 +/- 1 mm Hg) (both P < 0.05). The hypotensive effects were observed within 3 wk after the initiation of the dietary intervention and in both casual seated and ambulatory (24-h) measurements (P < 0.05). Pulse pressure was increased after the removal of all dairy products in the no-dairy condition (54 +/- 1 to 56 +/- 1 mm Hg; P < 0.05). There were no changes in diastolic blood pressure after either dietary condition. Conclusion: We concluded that the solitary manipulation of conventional dairy products in the normal routine diet would modulate blood pressure in middle-aged and older adults with prehypertension and hypertension.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH): potential mechanisms of action against risk factors of the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of disorders dominated by abdominal obesity, hypertriacylglycerolaemia, low HDL-cholesterol, high blood pressure and high fasting glucose. Diet modification is a safe and effective way to treat the metabolic syndrome. Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) is a dietary pattern rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and low in meats and sweets. DASH provides good amounts of fibre, K, Ca and Mg, and limited quantities of total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol and Na. Although DASH was initially designed for the prevention or control of hypertension, using a DASH diet has other metabolic benefits. In the present review, the effect of each dietary component of DASH on the risk factors of the metabolic syndrome is discussed. Due to limited fat and high fibre and Ca content, individuals on the DASH diet are less prone to overweight and obesity and possess lower concentrations of total and LDL-cholesterol although changes in TAG and HDL-cholesterol have been less significant and available evidence in this regard is still inconclusive. Moreover, high amounts of fruit and vegetables in DASH provide great quantities of K, Mg and fibre, all of which have been shown to reduce blood pressure. K, Mg, fibre and antioxidants have also been effective in correcting glucose and insulin abnormalities. Evidence is provided from cross-sectional investigations, cohort studies and randomised controlled trials, and, where available, from published meta-analyses. Mechanisms are described according to human studies and, in the case of a lack of evidence, from animal and cell culture investigations.
Impact of probiotic <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> TENSIA in different dairy products on anthropometric and blood biochemical indices of healthy adults; The blood pressure-lowering effect of dairy products holds the potential to decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). An open question is if the successful expression of functional properties of the probiotic strain depends on host biomarkers and/or food matrix properties. The probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum strain TENSIA (R) (DSM 21380) is a novel microorganism with antimicrobial and antihypertensive functional properties. The aim of this study was to characterise the functional properties of the probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA and compare its effects on host anthropometric, clinical, and blood biomarkers when consumed with cheese or yoghurt. This study involved two double-blinded randomised placebo-controlled exploratory trials (ISRCTN15061552 and ISRCTN79645828) of healthy adults over a three-week period. The three-week consumption of probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA in a daily dose of 1x10(10) cfu in probiotic cheese or a daily dose of 6x10(9) cfu in yoghurt with different content of carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids did not significantly change the body mass index (BMI), plasma glucose and lipid levels, or inflammatory markers in the blood. Reduced lowered systolic and diastolic blood pressure values were detected, regardless of food matrix or baseline values for blood pressure and BMI. In conclusion, our study showed that three-week consumption of the probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA either in cheese or yoghurt lowered diastolic and systolic blood pressure regardless of food matrix and baseline values of blood pressure and BMI, confirming the impact of the functional properties of the probiotic strain in decreasing CVD risk.
Effect of powdered fermented milk with <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>helveticus</i> on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension; Objective: Two tripeptides (Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro) that have inhibitory activities for angiotensin I-converting enzyme are produced in milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus. In this study we evaluated the effect and safety of powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension. Methods: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study was conducted using 40 subjects with high-normal blood-pressure (HN group) and 40 subjects with mild hypertension (MH group). Each subject ingested 6 test tablets (12 g) containing powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 daily for 4 weeks (test group) or the same amount of placebo tablets for 4 weeks (placebo group). Results: During treatment, the decrease in systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in the test group tended to be greater than in the placebo group for both blood pressure groups. At the-end of treatment (week 4), a significant decrease in DBP in the HN group was observed (i.e. 5.0 mm Hg (0.1, 9.9; p = 0.04) compared with the placebo group). There was no significant change in SBP (3.2 mm Hg (95% CI -2:6; 8.9; p = 0.27). In the MH group; SBP decreased by 11.2 mm Hg (4.0, 18.4; p = 0.003) and there was a statistically non-significant decrease in DBP of 6.5 mm Hg (-0.1, 13.0; p = 0.055) compared with the placebo group. No marked changes were observed in other indexes, including pulse rate, body weight and blood serum variables, and no adverse effects attributed to the treatment was found in each group. Conclusions: Daily ingestion of the tablets containing powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 in subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension reduces elevated blood pressure without any adverse effects.
Effects of long-term intake of lactotripeptides on cardiovascular risk factors in hypertensive subjects; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H-fermented milk products containing tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline lower blood pressure in hypertensive subjects using office and home blood pressure registration. The present study was aimed to evaluate the effects of two doses of these lactotripeptides on 24-h ambulatory blood pressure and lipidomics profiles in mildly hypertensive subjects. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel group study, 89 mildly hypertensive subjects ingested, after a 1-month run-in period, a fermented milk drink with 5 mg per day of lactotripeptides during 3 months, and a milk drink with 50 mg per day of lactotripeptides for the following 3 months, or a placebo milk drink without lactotripeptides. Ambulatory blood pressure (24 h) was recorded at baseline and at the end of the intervention periods. Lipidomics profiles were characterized before and after the 6-month intervention. RESULTS: After the second intervention period (50 mg per day of lactotripeptides), systolic and diastolic 24-h blood pressures decreased significantly in the peptide, but not in the placebo group. However, the treatment effects - 2.6 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): - 5.7 to 0.4) in systolic and - 1.3 mm Hg (95% CI: - 3.4 to 0.8) in diastolic blood pressure did not reach statistic significance. Ingestion of 5 mg per day of lactotripeptides for 3 months did not lower blood pressure. The peptide group was dominated by decrease in multiple phospholipids (PL). CONCLUSIONS: Ingestion of fermented milk with daily dose of 50 mg of lactotripeptides appears to lower elevated blood pressure slightly from the baseline, but not significantly compared with the placebo group and to induce significant decreases in multiple PL.
Effects of low-fat milk consumption on metabolic and atherogenic biomarkers in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised controlled trial; BackgroundPrevious studies of the health effects of low-fat milk or dairy consumption on the metabolic syndrome have yielded inconsistent results. The present study aimed to investigate the effects of low-fat milk consumption on traits associated with the metabolic syndrome, as well as inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers, in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome. MethodsOverweight Koreans with the metabolic syndrome (n = 58) were recruited and randomly assigned to either the low-fat milk or control group. The low-fat milk group was instructed to consume two packs of low-fat milk per day (200 mL twice daily) for 6 weeks, and the control group was instructed to maintain their habitual diet. Clinical investigations were conducted during the screening visit, on study day 0, and after 6 weeks. ResultsNo significant differences in changes in body mass index, blood pressure, lipid profile and adiponectin levels, as well as levels of inflammatory markers, oxidative stress markers and atherogenic markers, were found between the low-fat milk and control groups. However, compared to the controls, significant favourable decreases in serum soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 and endothelin-1 levels were found in the 12 subjects with high blood pressure and in the 18 subjects with hypertriglyceridaemia in the low-fat milk group. ConclusionsThe present study did not demonstrate an overall beneficial effect of low-fat milk consumption in subjects with the metabolic syndrome. However, low-fat milk consumption may have a favourable effect on atherogenic markers in subjects with high blood pressure or hypertriglyceridaemia.
The DASH diet, sodium intake and blood pressure trial (DASH-sodium): Rationale and design; The DASH Diet, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure Trial (DASH-Sodium) is a multicenter, randomized trial comparing the effects of 3 levels of sodium intake and 2 dietary patterns on blood pressure among adults with higher than optimal blood pressure or with stage 1 hypertension (120-159/80-95 mm Hg). The 2 dietary patterns are a control diet typical of what many Americans eat, and the DASH diet, which, by comparison, emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, includes whole grains, poultry, fish, and nuts, and is reduced in fats, red meat, sweets, and sugar-containing beverages. The 3 sodium levels are defined as higher (typical of current US consumption), intermediate (reflecting the upper limit of current US recommendations), and lower (reflecting potentially optimal levels). Participants are randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 dietary patterns using a parallel group design and are fed each of the 3 sodium levels using a randomized crossover design. The study provides participants with all of their food during a 2-week run-in feeding period and three 30-day intervention feeding periods. Participants attend the clinic for 1 meal per day, 5 days per week, and take home food for other meals. Weight is monitored and individual energy intake adjusted to maintain baseline weight. The primary outcome is systolic blood pressure measured at the end of each intervention feeding period. Systolic blood pressure is compared across the 3 sodium levels within each diet and across the 2 diets within each sodium level. If effects previously observed in clinical trials are additive, sodium reduction and the DASH diet together may lower blood pressure to an extent not as yet demonstrated for nonpharmacologic treatment. The DASH-Sodium results will have important implications for the prevention and treatment of high blood pressure.
Blood pressure; Most population epidemiological studies have shown an inverse association between estimated protein intake and blood pressure. Total and plant proteins are consistently associated with lower blood pressure. Inverse associations of animal protein with blood pressure have also been shown. A reduction in blood pressure with protein, in comparison with carbohydrate, is a consistent finding in controlled trials. Animal (including lean red meat and milk proteins) and plant (primarily soy) proteins appear to be similar with respect to effects on blood pressure. It remains uncertain whether protein itself can lower blood pressure, or whether the benefits are due to partial replacement of some other factor in the diet, such as refined carbohydrate. Potential mechanisms remain speculative. The implications of the available research for 'healthy eating' advice remains uncertain: the long-term effect of a dietary approach to increase protein intake, which is widely applicable to the population, needs to be evaluated, as does the influence of refined carbohydrate on blood pressure.
Growth before 2 years of age and serum lipids 60 years later:: The Helsinki Birth Cohort Study; Background Small body size at birth and slow growth during the first 2 years after birth, leading to low body mass index (BMI) at 2 years, are associated with coronary heart disease and stroke in adult life. We tested the hypothesis that this path of growth is associated with an atherogenic lipid profile in later life. Methods We measured serum lipid concentrations at age 5770 years in 1999 members of the Helsinki Birth Cohort. They were randomly selected from an original cohort of 8760 people and had on average 11 measurements of height and weight between birth and 2 years of age. Results The 18 of subjects who used lipid-lowering medication had a lower BMI at birth and at 2 years. These subjects were excluded from the analyses of lipid profiles. A 1 kg/m(2) lower BMI at birth was associated with 0.051 mmol/l (95 CI -0.001 to 0.103; P = 0.05) higher non-HDL cholesterol and 0.018 g/l higher (0.005-0.031; P = 0.006) apolipoprotein B concentrations. A slower increase in BMI during the first 6 months after birth was associated with lower HDL and higher non-HDL cholesterol concentrations. A 1 kg/m(2) lower BMI at 2 years was associated with 0.020 mmol/l lower (0.004-0.036; P = 0.02) HDL cholesterol and 0.059 mmol/l (0.020-0.099; P = 0.003) higher non-HDL cholesterol and 0.018 mmol/l higher (0.008-0.028; P < 0.001) apolipoprotein B concentrations. The age at weaning off breast milk was not associated with lipid profile in later life. Conclusions Small body size at birth and slow weight gain during infancy are associated with an atherogenic lipid profile in adult life.
Antihypertensive effects of dietary protein and its mechanism; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at increased risk of stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Both genetic and lifestyle factors, particularly diet, have been attributed an important role in the development of hypertension. Reducing dietary sugar and salt intake can help lower blood pressure; similarly, adequate protein intake may also attenuate hypertension. Observational, cross-sectional and longitudinal epidemiological studies, and controlled clinical trials, have documented significant inverse associations between protein intake and blood pressure. Human and animal studies have shown that specific amino acids within proteins may have antihypertensive effects. Cysteine, glutathione (a tripeptide), glutamate and arginine attenuate and prevent alterations that cause hypertension including insulin resistance, decreased nitric oxide bioavailability, altered renin angiotensin system function, increased oxidative stress and formation of advanced glycation end products. Leucine increases protein synthesis in skeletal muscle and improves insulin resistance by modulating hepatic gluconeogenesis. Taurine and tryptophan attenuate sympathetic nervous system activity. Soy protein helps lower blood pressure through its high arginine content and antioxidant activity exhibited by isoflavones. A diet containing an ample amount of protein may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension; one example is the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, lean meat, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products, which are good sources of antioxidant vitamins, minerals and fibre. Including an adequate supply of soy in the diet should also be encouraged.
Lactotripeptides show no effect on human blood pressure - Results from a double-blind randomized controlled trial; Milk-derived peptides with ACE-inhibiting properties may have antihypertensive effects in humans. We conducted a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial to examine the blood pressure lowering potential of 2 ACE-inhibiting lactotripeptides, ie, Isoleucine-Proline-Proline and Valine-Proline-Proline. We included 135 Dutch subjects with elevated systolic blood pressure who were otherwise healthy and who received no current antihypertensive treatment. After a 2-week run-in period on placebo, subjects randomly received a daily dose of 200 mL dairy drink with 14 mg lactotripeptides obtained by concentrating fermented milk, enzymatic hydrolysis, or chemical synthesis, or placebo for 8 weeks, followed by a 2-week wash-out. The primary outcome was 8-week change in office systolic blood pressure. Secondary outcomes were change in diastolic blood pressure, home blood pressure, 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure, plasma ACE-activity, and plasma angiotensin II. Blood pressure at baseline was on average 142/84 mm Hg. Lactotripeptides did not significantly change systolic blood pressure (P=0.46) or diastolic blood pressure (P=0.31) compared with placebo. The mean difference (95%-CI) in systolic blood pressure response between treatment and placebo was 2.8 mm Hg (-2.6;8.2) for concentrated fermented milk lactotripeptides, -0.5 mm Hg (-6.0;5.0) for enzymatic lactotripeptides, and 1.6 mm Hg (-3.9;6.9) for synthetic lactotripeptides. Treatment neither had a significant effect on secondary outcome measures. In conclusion, the present study does not support the hypothesis of a blood pressure lowering effect of the lactotripeptides Isoleucine-Proline-Proline and Valine-Proline-Proline.
Impact of different dietary approaches on blood pressure in hypertensive and prehypertensive patients: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis; Introduction Lifestyle modification is one of the cornerstones in the management of hypertension. According to the most recent guidelines by the American Heart Association, all patients with hypertension should adopt the following dietary advices: increased consumption of fresh fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products and sodium reduction. The aim of the present study is to assess the efficacy of different dietary approaches on systolic and diastolic blood pressure in patients with hypertension and high normal blood pressure in a systematic review including a pairwise and network meta-analysis of randomised trials. Methods and analysis We conducted searches in Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials in the Cochrane Library, PubMed and Google Scholar until November 2016. Citations, abstracts and relevant papers were screened for eligibility by two reviewers independently. Randomised trials were included if they met the following criteria: (1) hypertension (as mean values >= 140 mm Hg systolic blood pressure and/or >= 90 mm Hg diastolic blood pressure) or high normal blood pressure (mean systolic blood pressure >= 130 mm Hg and/or mean diastolic blood pressure >= 85 mm Hg), (2) age >= 18 years, (3) intervention diets (different type of dietary approaches, eg, dietary approach to stop hypertension diet; Mediterranean diet, vegetarian diet, palaeolithic diet, low sodium diet) either hypocaloric, isocaloric or ad libitum diets, (4) intervention period >= 12 weeks. For each outcome measure of interest, random effects pairwise and network meta-analyses were performed in order to determine the pooled relative effect of each intervention relative to every other intervention in terms of the postintervention values (or change scores). Subgroup analyses were planned for hypertensive status, study length, sample size, age and sex. Ethics and dissemination As this study is based solely on the published literature, no ethics approval was required. We published our network meta-analysis in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.
Milk Products, Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure Management; High blood pressure (BP) is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, congestive heart failure, and kidney disease, Inverse associations between dairy product consumption and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) have been observed in cross-sectional studies; some studies, however, have reported an inverse association with only one BP parameter, predominantly SBP. Randomized clinical trials examining the effect of calcium and the combination of calcium, potassium and magnesium provide evidence for causality. In these studies, reductions in BP were generally modest (-1.27 to -4.6 mmHg for SBP, and -0.24 to -3.8 mmHg for DBP). Dairy nutrients, most notably calcium, potassium and magnesium, have been shown to have a blood pressure lowering effect. A low calcium intake increases intracellular calcium concentrations which increases 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3 and parathyroid hormone (PTH), causing calcium influx into vascular smooth muscle cells, resulting in greater vascular resistance. New research indicates that dairy peptides may act as angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, thereby inhibiting the renin angiotensin system with consequent vasodilation. A growing evidence base shows that dairy product consumption is involved in the regulation of BP. Consequently, inclusion of dairy products in a heart healthy diet is an important focal point to attain BP benefits.
Effect of <i>Lactobacillusplantarum</i> containing probiotics on blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Previous studies have recommended that probiotics may have blood pressure (BP)-lowering effects. However, they examined all probiotic strains (multi/single probiotics) simultaneously. In respect to strain specificity properties of probiotic, the aim of the present study was to systematically investigate the role of Lactobacillus plantarum as an anti-hypertensive agent by performing a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane Library and Google Scholar were used from inception until October 2018 to identify eligible trials. We used random-effects model as the preferable method to assess the combined treatment effect. We further conducted sensitivity analysis and stratified analysis. Seven studies with 653 participants were included in the meta-analysis. The pooled weighted mean difference (WMD) with the random effects model showed a significant effects of Lactobacillus plantarum supplementation on improvement of SBP with no statistically significant heterogeneity (WMD: -1.58 mmHg, 95 % CI: -3.05 to 0.11) (heterogeneity P = 0.14; I-2 = 36 %). The overall effect in the DBP showed significant pooled estimates (WMD: -0.92 mmHg, 95 % CI: -1.49 to -0.35) with a complete homogeneity between the studies (heterogeneity P = 0.46; I-2 = 0 %). The findings of the present meta-analysis study support the use of Lactobacillus plantarum supplementation for lowering systolic and diastolic blood pressure. The clinical significance of blood pressure-lowering effect of Lactobacillus Plantarum supplementation is not considerable; however, given the overarching benefits evident and concurrent lack of specific side effects, further trials are warranted to clarify the effects of Lactobacillus Plantarum probiotics particularly for hypertensive patients.
A fermented milk high in bioactive peptides has a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects; Background: Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE; EC 3.4.15.1) plays a dual role in the regulation of hypertension: it catalyzes the production of the vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and it inactivates the vasodilator bradykinin. By inhibiting these processes, ACE inhibitors have antihypertensive effects. Peptides derived from milk proteins can have ACE-inhibiting properties and may thus be used as antihypertensive components. Objective: We evaluated the long-term blood pressure-lowering effect of milk fermented by Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H in hypertensive subjects. Design: In a randomized placebo-controlled study, 39 hypertensive patients received 150 mL/d of either L. helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk or a control product for 21 wk after a 2-wk run-in period. During the run-in period, the average baseline diastolic and systolic blood pressure values were 155 and 97 mm Hg, respectively, in the test product group and 152 and 96 mm Hg, respectively, in the control group. After the run-in period, blood pressure was measured at home on the same day every week with the use of an automatic blood pressure recorder. Results: There was a mean difference of 6.7 +/- 3.0 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.030) and of 3.6 +/- 1.9 mm Hg (P = 0.059) in diastolic blood pressure between the test product and control groups. Demographic factors had no significant effect on the responses. Conclusion: L. helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk containing bioactive peptides in normal daily use has a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects.
Dose-dependent lowering of blood pressure by dairy peptides in mildly hypertensive subjects; Clinical studies have demonstrated a beneficial effect on blood pressure for milk derived material containing isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (IPP) and valine-prolyl-proline (VPP) peptides. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the blood pressure lowering effect of three different IPP and VPP doses in products with a comparable electrolyte and protein composition. The present study was designed as a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, dose-response trial: 166 subjects ( 140/90 mmHg) received placebo during a 2-week run-in, 8-weeks intervention followed by a 2-week washout. Results indicate that materials containing IPP and VPP do lower blood pressure dose-dependently (p 0.05 for diastolic blood pressure, DBP). The effect on systolic blood pressure (SBP)/DBP over 8 weeks compared with placebo was + 0.1/- 1.3, - 1.5/- 1.4 and - 2.5/- 1.9 mmHg for the low, medium and high dose of peptides, respectively. The percentages of subjects who showed a fall in SBP 3 mmHg or who attained an SBP below 140 mmHg, were 54% (placebo), 64% (low), 76% (medium) and 71% (high dose) respectively. This effect can only be demonstrated for office pressure and not for home or ambulatory pressure. Furthermore, the results suggest that the magnitude of the fall in blood pressure is a function of baseline blood pressure. We conclude that IPP and VPP may have a modest dose-dependent effect on office blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects although this could not be confirmed with ambulatory or home blood pressure measurements.
The impact of breastfeeding Translating recent evidence for practice; Background Recent research is improving our understanding of how breastfeeding influences long term health and development. Objective This article summarises research published from 2004 to 2009 relating to breastfeeding of healthy full term infants to selected outcomes of public health relevance and community interest: intelligence quotient, anthropometry and cardiovascular health. Discussion Evidence from a large cluster randomised trial shows breastfeeding is associated with higher intelligence quotient at 6 years of age. Breastfed infants initially grow more slowly than artificially fed infants, but anthropometrical differences do not persist into childhood, suggesting other factors may have a stronger influence on anthropometry. Observational studies indicate cholesterol and blood pressure are moderately lower in adults who were breastfed in infancy, although further research is needed to confirm causality and clarify the full extent of benefit. Support of breastfeeding by general practitioners is an important health promotion strategy as even modest health benefits may have important implications at a population level.
Antihypertensive effects of bioactive tripeptides-a random effects meta-analysis; A meta-analysis of possible antihypertensive effects of small doses of bioactive tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline in commercial milk products or tablets was carried out. A random effects model was used on 19 randomized, placebo-controlled clinical intervention trials (published 1996-October 2010) consisting of about 1500 prehypertensive or mildly hypertensive subjects. The overall blood pressure lowering for systolic blood pressure was -4.0 mmHg (95% CI -5.9 to -2.1 mmHg, P < 0.001) and for diastolic blood pressure -1.9 mmHg (95% CI -3.1 to -0.8 mmHg, P < 0.001). However, a positive effect was not reported in all the studies. The results suggest that rather small daily doses of the lactotripeptides in different functional food products may off er a valuable option as a non-pharmacological treatment of prehypertension or mild hypertension as part of life-style advice.
Effect of nutritional supplementation with milk whey proteins in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients; Objective: We evaluated the efficacy of oral supplementation with milk whey proteins and modified starch (70%WPI:30%MS), on nutritional and functional parameters of patients with ALS. Method: A prospective randomized double-blind study was performed with 16 ALS patients, divided in two groups, the treatment group received (70%WPI:30%MS) and the control group received (maltodextrin). They underwent prospective nutritional and functional assessment for 4 months. Results: Patients in the treatment group presented weight gain, increased body mass index (BMI), increased arm muscle area and circumference, higher albumin, white blood cell and total lymphocyte counts, and reduced creatine-kinase, aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase. In the control group, biochemical parameters did not change, but weight and BMI declined. Conclusion: Our results indicate that the agglomerate 70%WPI:30%MS may be useful in the nutritional therapy of patients with ALS.
Antihypertensive effect of few-flower wild rice (<i>Zizania latifolia</i> Turcz.) in spontaneously hypertensive rats; The antihypertensive activity of few-flower wild rice was studied in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs) with evaluation of blood pressure lowering effects and transcriptional levels of the sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+-ATPase (SERCA2a) gene that is regulated by Angiotensin II (Ang II). SHRs were randomly divided into 5 groups with 6 rats each. The systolic blood pressure (SBP) reached the lowest point 3 h after administration of a single dose of paste made from few-flower wild rice stem powder. The SBP of SHR in the relatively high amount of RSP (HRSP) administrated group was reduced by approximately 30 mmHg, compared to the negative control group, and was not significantly different from the positive control IPP control group at a dose of 1.5 mg/kg body weight (p > 0.05). RSP administrated SHRs showed a significantly higher SERCA2a transcription level than negative control SHRs (p < 0.05). RSP administration had no negative effects on glycometabolism of SHR.
Dietary Protein and Blood Pressure: A Systematic Review; Background: Elevated blood pressure (BP), which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease, is highly prevalent worldwide. Recently, interest has grown in the role of dietary protein in human BP. We performed a systematic review of all published scientific literature on dietary protein, including protein from various sources, in relation to human BP. Methodology/Principal Findings: We performed a MEDLINE search and a manual search to identify English language studies on the association between protein and blood pressure, published before June 2010. A total of 46 papers met the inclusion criteria. Most observational studies showed no association or an inverse association between total dietary protein and BP or incident hypertension. Results of biomarker studies and randomized controlled trials indicated a beneficial effect of protein on BP. This beneficial effect may be mainly driven by plant protein, according to results in observational studies. Data on protein from specific sources (e.g. from fish, dairy, grain, soy, and nut) were scarce. There was some evidence that BP in people with elevated BP and/or older age could be more sensitive to dietary protein. Conclusions/Significance: In conclusion, evidence suggests a small beneficial effect of protein on BP, especially for plant protein. A blood pressure lowering effect of protein may have important public health implications. However, this warrants further investigation in randomized controlled trials. Furthermore, more data are needed on protein from specific sources in relation to BP, and on the protein-BP relation in population subgroups.
The antihypertensive effect of cysteine; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at an increased risk for stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Essential hypertension results from a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors. One such lifestyle factor is diet, and its role in the control of blood pressure has come under much scrutiny. Just as increased salt and sugar are known to elevate blood pressure, other dietary factors may have antihypertensive effects. Studies including the Optimal Macronutrient Intake to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart) study, Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT), International Study of Salt and Blood Pressure (INTERSALT) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study have demonstrated an inverse relationship between dietary protein and blood pressure. One component of dietary protein that may partially account for its antihypertensive effect is the nonessential amino acid cysteine. Studies in hypertensive humans and animal models of hypertension have shown that N-acetylcysteine, a stable cysteine analogue, lowers blood pressure, which substantiates this idea. Cysteine may exert its antihypertensive effects directly or through its storage form, glutathione, by decreasing oxidative stress, improving insulin resistance and glucose metabolism, lowering advanced glycation end products, and modulating levels of nitric oxide and other vasoactive molecules. Therefore, adopting a balanced diet containing cysteine-rich proteins may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension. An example of such a diet is the DASH diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products.
Silymarin, Olibanum, and Nettle, A Mixed Herbal Formulation in the Treatment of Type II Diabetes: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Clinical Trial; Silybum marianum (L) Gaertn (milk thistle) seeds, Urtica dioica L (nettle) leaves, and Boswellia serrata (olibanum gum) resin are used traditionally by Iranian diabetic patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antihyperglycemic effects of these herbs in an herbal formulation in patients with type II diabetes mellitus. Sixty patients diagnosed as type II diabetes mellitus with fasting blood glucose level from 150 to 180 mg/dL, glycosylated hemoglobin level from 7.5% to 8.5%, and on oral antihyperglycemic drugs, were allocated to receive the mix herbal formulation or placebo for 90 days in a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial. The mean serum fasting blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, and triglyceride in the herbal drug group were significantly less than placebo group's values after 3 months of the intervention. The study showed a potential antihyperglycemic and triglyceride lowering effect of the herbal formulation, while it did not have any significant cholesterol or blood pressure lowering effect.
Effect of probiotics on body weight and body-mass index: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Objective: To assess the efficacy of probiotic therapies on body weight and BMI using a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.Methods: Twenty studies with 25 trials (1931 participants with age over 18 years) were included. The pooled WMD was calculated by random effects model.Results: Probiotic consumption significantly reduced body weight by 0.59kg (95% CI, 0.30-0.87) and BMI by 0.49kg/m(2) (95% CI, 0.24-0.74). A greater reduction in BMI was found with multiple species of probiotics. Subgroup analysis of trials with intervention duration 8 weeks found a more significant reduction in BMI. Limiting analysis to trials with a baseline BMI 25kg/m(2) showed a greater reduction in BMI.Conclusion: Consuming probiotics could reduce body weight and BMI, with a potentially greater effect when multiple species of probiotics were consumed, the duration of intervention was 8 weeks, or the objects were overweight.
DEFICIENT HEALTH KNOWLEDGE, DIET, AND OTHER LIFE-STYLES IN SMOKERS - IS A MULTIFACTORIAL APPROACH REQUIRED; Background. Data from the Scottish Heart Health Study, a random cross-sectional sample of middle-aged men and women, are used to compare health knowledge, behavior, and lifestyles between 4896 smokers and 4595 nonsmokers. Methods. Smokers are identified from self-reports with biochemical validation. They are compared with nonsmokers using analysis of covariance and logistic regression, adjusting for age and social class. Results. Smokers are found to have poorer dietary knowledge than nonsmokers, although both groups are well-informed on some aspects of diet. Knowledge of personal risk modifiers for coronary heart disease and recent intention to improve lifestyle are both worse among smokers. Smokers have lower intakes of the antioxidant vitamins and fiber, but higher intakes of dietary cholesterol and alcohol than nonsmokers. They also tend to have higher salt intake and eat a greater proportion of saturated fat, butter, or hard margarine, and full-fat milk. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels are lower, but triglycerides, fibrinogen, and, for women only, total serum cholesterol levels are higher among smokers. On the other hand, body mass index and diastolic blood pressure are lower among smokers. Conclusions. In addition to advice to give up smoking, smokers should be counseled to improve their diet. The positive message to eat more fresh fruit and vegetables would be particularly helpful. (C) 1994 Academic Press, Inc.
DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet is effective treatment for stage 1 isolated systolic hypertension; Use of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure. Among the 459 participants in the DASH Trial, 72 had stage I isolated systolic hypertension (ISH) (systolic blood pressure, 140 to 159 mm Hg; diastolic blood pressure, <90 mm Hg). We examined the blood pressure response in these 72 participants to determine whether the DASH diet is an effective treatment for stage I ISH. After a 3-week run-in period on a typical American (control) diet, participants were randomly assigned for 8 weeks to 1 of 3 diets: a continuation of the control diet (n=25), a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (n=24), or the DASH diet (n=23). Sodium content was the same in the 3 diets, and caloric intake was adjusted during the trial to prevent weight change. Blood pressure was measured at baseline and at the end of the 8-week intervention period with standard sphygmomanometry. Use of the DASH diet significantly lowered systolic blood pressure compared with the control diet (-11.2 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval, -6.1 to -16.2 mm Hg; P<0.001) and the fruits/vegetables diet (-8.0 min Hg; 95% confidence interval, -2.5 to -13.4 mm Hg; P<0.01). Overall, blood pressure in the DASH group fell from 146/85 to 134/82 mm fig. Similar results were observed with 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure measurements. In the DASH diet group, 18 of 23 participants (78%) reduced their systolic blood pressure to < 140 mm Hg, compared with 24% and 50% in the control and fruits/vegetables groups, respectively. Our results indicate that the DASH diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, is effective as first-line therapy in stage 1 ISH.
Evaluation of the effects of probiotic yoghurt on inflammation and cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with metabolic syndrome: A randomised controlled trial; This randomised, double blind study was conducted on 44 subjects with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Participants were randomly assigned to receive 300 g daily regular yoghurt or 300 g probiotic yoghurt for 8 weeks. Serum lipid profiles, blood pressure, anthropometric measurements, and serum inflammatory factors were evaluated before and after the intervention. The inflammatory factors, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, total cholesterol, body fat percentage and waist to hip ratio, were not significantly different within and between the groups after intervention. A significant decrease in weight, body mass index, waist circumference, hip circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, triglyceride, and a significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were found in probiotic yoghurt group after intervention compared with baseline. Consuming probiotic yoghurt in MetS patients did not affect the inflammatory markers and cardiometabolic risk factors significantly. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Changes in cardiovascular risk factors and health behaviours from 1992 to 1997 in the Republic of Karelia, Russia; Background: In Russia rapid changes have taken place both in total and chronic disease mortality during recent years. Little reliable information is available on the trends in conventional risk factors in Russia. Methods: Chronic disease risk factors and health behaviours were studied in the Republic of Karelia, Russia in 1992 and 1997, in population surveys connected with the National FINRISK Study in Finland. Independent random population samples (n=1000) of people aged between 25 and 64 years were drawn in both survey years. Surveys included a self-administered questionnaire, physical measurements and laboratory analyses. Results: The levels of systolic blood pressure, total serum cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased among both genders from 1992 to 1997, but the difference between the survey years was statistically significant only among women. Both self-reported alcohol consumption and serum gamma-glutamyl transferase levels increased significantly in both men and women. There was a significant shift in the type of fat used on bread and in cooking, from butter use to use of margarine and vegetable oil, among both genders. Conclusions: As a whole the risk factor levels in the Republic of Karelia are high. However, some slight improvement in risk profile was seen. Positive changes in dietary habits, such as change in the quality of fat and associated reduction in serum cholesterol levels may have contributed to the decline in cardiovascular disease mortality seen in Russia since 1995. However, since smoking and elevated blood pressure levels as well as alcohol consumption are still highly prevalent, there is a great need for effective interventions.
Dietary Goat Milk Potential in Prevention of Hypertension in Sedentary Women; There are persistent rumors in Indonesia, including Aceh people that the consumption of goat milk can effect to increases blood pressure (BP) and cause of hypertension, but there is no scientific evidence to support this. This research was conducted to analysis the effect of dietary goat milk on blood pressure and it's relation with serum calcium in sedentary women. This research were randomized clinical trial with randomized double blind design, using 18 sedentary women aged 18-19 years. The treatment was goat's milk 250 ml/day, given at 8: 00 to 09: 00 pm, for 110 days. The result showed that systolic (101.11 +/- 3.09 and 93.33 +/- 1.66 vs 112.22 +/- 3.23 and 110 +/- 2.88 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure (70 +/- 2.35 and 67.78 +/- 3.32 and 75.56 +/- 1.75 and 80 +/- 2.34 mmHg) in the trial group decreased significantly (p<0.05) compared to the control group, after treatment. There were significant (p<0,05) differences of serum calcium in treatment between control group (8.9 +/- 0,05; 9.3 +/- 0,09 vs 9.08 +/- 0.06; 9.56 +/- 0,14 mg/dl) and significant (P<0.05) correlation was found between serum calcium and systolic (r=0.68, t=-0.38, p=0.04 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure (r=0.76, t=-2,24, p=0.01) after treatment. It can be concluded that goat's milk lowers blood pressure and prevent hypertension in sedentary women.
Randomized controlled trial of the effects of soy protein containing isoflavones on vascular function in postmenopausal women; Background: The incidence of cardiovascular disease increases after menopause, possibly because of the decline in estrogen. Soy protein, a rich source of estrogen-like isoflavones, is hypothesized to improve vascular function. Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate whether supplementation with so), protein, a rich source of estrogen-like isoflavones, improves vascular function. Design: We per-formed a 12-mo double-blind randomized trial to compare the effects of soy protein containing 99 mg isoflavones/d (aglycone weights) with those of milk protein (placebo) on blood pressure and endothelial function in 202 postmenopausal women aged 60-75 y. Results: Changes in endothelial function during the intervention were not significantly different between the soy and the placebo groups. After the intervention, systolic blood pressure increased in the soy group significantly more than it did in the placebo group; the difference in change was 4.3 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.3, 8.4 mm Hg; P 0.04) for systolic blood pressure, but only 2.0 mm Hg (95% Cl: -0.74, 4.71 mm Hg; P = 0.15) for diastolic blood pressure. In the soy group only, systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased and endothelial function improved in the equol producers, whereas systolic and diastolic blood pressure increased and endothelial function deteriorated in the equol nonproducers. Conclusions: The results of this trial do not support the hypothesis that soy protein containing isoflavones have beneficial effects on vascular function in older postmenopausal women. Whether certain subgroups of women (eg, equol producers) do benefit from the intervention remains to be elucidated.
Causal link between milk consumption and obesity? A 10-year longitudinal study and a Mendelian randomization study; Background: Obesity control and prevention remains challenging. Randomized controlled trials in western countries have demonstrated efficacy of dairy supplementation on fat mass reduction and lean mass increase, when combined with energy restriction protocols. However, there is scanty information on this issue among the East Asian population. Objective: The aim of this study is to investigate the association between milk consumption and weight status in Asian. Design: First, we studied the association between milk intake and body mass index (BMI) changes in a 10year longitudinal study of Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factor Two-township Study (CVDFACTS) with 1,644 adults. Second, taking advantage of the genetic and phenotype data of 10,000 participants collected by Taiwan Biobank (TWB), we carried out a Mendelian randomization (MR) study to investigate the causal relationship between milk intake and BMI. A lactase persistence genetic marker (rs4954490) was used as the instrumental variable. Results: We found in the longitudinal study that higher baseline milk consumption level was associated with lower odds of increasing BMI or maintaining overweight/obesity status. In the MR study, we found that G allele of the rs4954490, a surrogate of greater milk intake, was associated with lower odds of being obese (BMI > 27 kg/m(2)); the odds ratio (OR) for the GG versus AA is 0.85 (P = 0.037), and the OR for the GA versus AA is 0.84 (P = 0.032). Conclusions: These findings support current food guide in Asian countries to include dairy group as one of the six food groups for nutrition recommendation.
CONSUMPTION OF DAIRY PRODUCTS AND CARDIOVASCULAR RISK FACTORS IN MONICA STUDY; The aim of this study was to assess the associations between dairy products and cardiovascular risk factors in a representative sample of the French population. A sample of 912 men aged 45-64 years was randomly selected from the general population in Northern (Lille), Eastern (Strasbourg) and South-Western (Toulouse) regions of France. Risk factors were evaluated in each participant who completed a three-consecutive-day food record. In statistical analysis, subjects were separated according to quintiles of daily dairy product consumption. From the lowest quintile to the highest quintile of dairy product consumption and after adjustment for center, age, energy intake, alcohol, sodium, magnesium, and antihypertensive and antidiabetic treatments, systolic blood pressure significantly decreased. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome decreased significantly from 32.6% to 25.0%, 21.8%, 18.3% and 19.9% (p=0.02 after adjustment for center, age, energy intake, alcohol, sodium, magnesium, and antihypertensive and antidiabetic treatments). In conclusion, high consumption of dairy products is associated with lower levels of blood pressure and a lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome.
Dairy food consumption is associated with a lower risk of the metabolic syndrome and its components: a systematic review and meta-analysis; A systematic review and a meta-analysis of observational studies were performed to assess the dose-response relationship between specific types of dairy foods and the risk of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components. Studies of dairy foods and the risk of the MetS and its components published up to June 2016 were searched using PubMed, EMBASE and a reference search. Random-effects models were used to estimate the pooled relative risks (RR) with 95 % CI. Finally, ten cross-sectional studies, two nested case-control studies and twenty-nine cohort studies were included for the analysis. In a dose-response analysis of cohort studies and cross-sectional studies, the pooled RR of the MetS for a one-serving/d increment of total dairy food (nine studies) and milk (six studies) consumption (200 g/d) were 091 (95 % CI 085, 096) and 087 (95 % CI 079, 095), respectively. The pooled RR of the MetS for yogurt (three studies) consumption (100 g/d) was 082 (95 % CI 073, 091). Total dairy food consumption was associated with lower risk of MetS components, such as hyperglycaemia, elevated blood pressure, hypertriacylglycerolaemia and low HDL- cholesterol. A one-serving/d increment of milk was related to a 12 % lower risk of abdominal obesity, and a one-serving/d increment of yogurt was associated with a 16 % lower risk of hyperglycaemia. These associations were not significantly different by study design, study location or adjustment factors. This meta-analysis showed that specific types of dairy food consumption such as milk and yogurt as well as total dairy food consumption were inversely related to risk of the MetS and its components.
Eating Competence of Elderly Spanish Adults Is Associated with a Healthy Diet and a Favorable Cardiovascular Disease Risk Profile; Eating competence (EC), a bio-psychosocial model for intrapersonal approaches to eating and food-related behaviors, is associated with less weight dissatisfaction, lower BMI, and increased HDL-cholesterol in small U.S. studies, but its relationship to nutrient quality and overall cardiovascular risk have not been examined. Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea (PREDIMED) is a 5-y controlled clinical trial evaluating Mediterranean diet efficacy on the primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in Spain. In a cross-sectional study, 638 PREDIMED participants (62% women, mean age 67 y) well phenotyped for cardiovascular risk factors were assessed for food intake and EC using validated questionnaires. Overall, 45.6% were eating-competent. EC was associated with being male and energy intake (P < 0.01). After gender and energy adjustment, participants with EC compared with those without showed higher fruit intake and greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet (P < 0.05) and tended to consume more fish (P = 0.076) and fewer dairy products (P = 0.054). EC participants tended to have a lower BMI (P = 0.057) and had a lower fasting blood glucose concentration and serum LDL-:HDL-cholesterol ratio (P < 0.05) and a higher HDL-cholesterol concentration (P = 0.025) after gender adjustment. EC participants had lower odds ratios (OR) of having a blood glucose concentration >5.6 mmol/L (0.71; 95% Cl 0.51-0.98) and HDL-cholesterol <1.0 mmol/L (0.70; 95% Cl 0.68-1.00). The OR of actively smoking, being obese, or having a serum LDL-cholesterol concentration >= 3.4 mmol/L were <1.0, but the 95% Cl included the 1.0 (P > 0.1). Our findings support further examination of EC as a strategy for enhancing diet quality and CVD prevention. J. Nutr. 140: 1322-1327, 2010.
Pressor response to intravenous tyramine in healthy subjects after safinamide, a novel neuroprotectant with selective, reversible monoamine oxidase B inhibition; Safinamide is a novel neuroprotectant combining sodium and calcium channel blocking properties with selective, reversible monoamine oxidase type B (MAO B) inhibition. Phase I studies have demonstrated that in healthy volunteers, the ED50 (a dose that inhibits enzyme activity by 50% in 50% of treated subjects) for MAO B inhibition is 87.5 mug/kg/day orally, and that no MAO A inhibition occurs after 10-mg/kg oral dosing. To assess the risk of inducing the "cheese effect," the effect of safinamide and placebo on the pressor response to tyramine was investigated in a group of healthy male volunteers. The study was an open, single-dose placebo-controlled trial with the 2 treatments in sequence. An increase of 30 turn Hg systolic blood pressure was obtained by intravenous tyramine administered by 0.5-mg incremental boluses injected at 15-minute intervals. The amount of tyramine necessary to achieve such a blood pressure increase was the same after the safinamide 2-mg/kg oral load compared with placebo. These results suggest that dietary restrictions for food with high tyramine content should not be required under safinamide treatment.
The Effect of Probiotics and Synbiotics on Risk Factors Associated with Cardiometabolic Diseases in Healthy People-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis with Meta-Regression of Randomized Controlled Trials; We aimed to systematically review the effectiveness of probiotic/synbiotic formulations to counteract cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in healthy people not receiving adjunctive medication. The systematic search (PubMed/MEDLINE/Embase) until 1 August 2019 was performed for randomized controlled trials in >20 adult patients. Random-effect meta-analysis subgroup and meta-regression analysis of co-primary (haemoglobin A1c (HbA1C), glucose, insulin, body weight, waist circumference (WC), body mass index (BMI), cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL), triglycerides, and blood pressure) and secondary outcomes (uric acid, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1-PAI-1, fibrinogen, and any variable related to inflammation/endothelial dysfunction). We included 61 trials (5422 persons). The mean time of probiotic administration was 67.01 +/- 38.72 days. Most of probiotic strains were ofLactobacillusandBifidobacteriumgenera. The other strains wereStreptococci,Enterococci, andPediococci. The daily probiotic dose varied between 10(6)and 10(10)colony-forming units (CFU)/gram. Probiotics/synbiotics counteracted CMR factors (endpoint data on BMI: standardized mean difference (SMD) = -0.156,p= 0.006 and difference in means (DM) = -0.45,p= 0.00 and on WC: SMD = -0.147,p= 0.05 and DM = -1.21,p= 0.02; change scores on WC: SMD = -0.166,p= 0.04 and DM = -1.35,p= 0.03) in healthy persons. Overweight/obese healthy people might additionally benefit from reducing total cholesterol concentration (change scores on WC in overweight/obese: SMD: -0.178,p= 0.049). Poor quality of probiotic-related trials make systematic reviews and meta-analyses difficult to conduct and draw definite conclusions. "Gold standard" methodology in probiotic studies awaits further development.
Blood pressure responses to high-calcium skim milk and potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk; Objective This study was designed to evaluate the effect of high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk on blood pressure compared with nonenriched skim milk, Design This was a randomized double-blind controlled trial. Each milk intervention lasted for 4 weeks, with a minimum of 4 weeks of wash-out between interventions. Methods We recruited 38 healthy people, aged over 40 years, to take part in a double-blind, randomized, controlled cross-over study. We asked them to replace their usual liquid milk with two servings per day of skim milk (control), high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk. We measured office blood pressures (seated and standing) at the start and after 2 and 4 weeks of milk intervention and we measured daytime ambulatory blood pressures at the start and after 4 weeks of milk intervention, Each milk intervention was interspaced by a 4-week interval. Results Office systolic blood pressure (standing) decreased from 127 +/- 16 to 124 +/- 16 mmHg (P < 0.05) after 4 weeks of skim milk and from 130 +/- 18 to 126 +/- 17 mmHg (P < 0.05) after 4 weeks of high calcium skim milk. After 4 weeks of consuming the potassium-enriched high-calcium milk, systolic blood pressure decreased from 125 +/- 18 to 117 +/- 16 mmHg (P < 0.001) seated, and from 130 +/- 16 to 122 +/- 15 mmHg (P < 0.001) standing. There were no significant changes in office diastolic blood pressure after any milk. There was no change in ambulatory blood pressure after either skim milk or high-calcium skim milk. After 4 weeks of potassium-enriched high-calcium milk, ambulatory daytime systolic blood pressure decreased from 138 +/- 13 to 135 +/- 11 mm Hg (P< 0.05) and daytime diastolic blood pressure decreased from 80 +/- 8 to 78 +/- 9 mmHg (P < 0.05), Conclusions High-calcium milk enriched with potassium has a small hypotensive effect in healthy people aged over 40 years. J Hypertens 2000, 18:1331-1339 (C) Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effect of dairy calcium from cheese and milk on fecal fat excretion, blood lipids, and appetite in young men; Background: Calcium from different dairy sources might affect blood lipids and fecal fat excretion differently because of differences in the food matrix and nutritional composition. Objective: We investigated whether milk- and cheese-based diets with similar calcium contents affect a saturated fatty acid induced increase in blood lipids differently. Design: Fifteen healthy, young men participated in a randomized 3 X 2-wk crossover study in which the following 3 isocaloric diets that were similar in fat contents and compositions were compared: control diet [nondairy diet (similar to 500 mg Ca/d)], milk diet [semiskimmed milk based diet (1700 mg Ca/d)], and cheese diet [semihard cow-cheese based diet (1700 mg Ca/d)]. Blood was drawn before and after each period, and feces were collected for 5 d during each period. Results: Saturated fatty acid induced increases in total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were lower with the milk diet (mean +/- SD: 0.57 +/- 0.13 and 0.53 +/- 0.11 mmol/L, respectively) (P < 0.01) and cheese diet (0.41 +/- 0.15 and 0.47 +/- 0.12 mmol/L, respectively) (P < 0.05) than with the control diet (0.89 +/- 0.12 and 0.84 +/- 0.11 mmol/L, respectively). Fecal fat excretion increased more with the consumption of both the milk (5.2 +/- 0.4 g/d) and cheese (5.7 +/- 0.4 g/d) diets than with the control diet (3.9 +/- 0.3 g/d) (P < 0.001). Changes in blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and lipid ratios did not differ. Conclusions: Compared with the control diet, milk- and cheese-based diets attenuated saturated fatty acid induced increases in total and LDL cholesterol and resulted in increased fecal fat excretion; however, effects of milk and cheese did not differ. Because the diets contained similar amounts of saturated fat, similar increases in total and LDL cholesterol could be expected; however, both Milk and cheese attenuated these responses, which seem to he explained by their calcium contents. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01317251.
Role of sodium-restricted dietary approaches to control blood pressure in Pakistani hypertensive population; Objective: To assess the change in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in post-interventional phase through\dietary approaches to stop hypertension/salt-restricted diet. Methods: This randomised controlled clinical study was conducted from February 2014 to March 2015 at the Armed Forces Institute of Cardiology, Rawalpindi, and Ali Medical Centre, Islamabad, Pakistan, and involved hypertensive patients and matching controls. The control group followed routine diet while the intervention group was given a diet plan containing 1,500mg of sodium providing 2,000 calories. Both groups were advised not to consume sodium-rich foods. Paired sample t-test was applied to determine the change in blood pressure among the groups at two different occasions. Results: Of the 1,492 participants, 710(47.6%) were controls and 782(52.4%) were in the interventional group. Overall, 417(27.9%) participants got their blood pressure checked less than twice in six months, while 409(27.4%) had it done on a regular basis. Moreover, 941(63.1%)) subjects had a family history of high blood pressure and 149(10.0%) participants did not exercise at all. The overall mean age was 53.42 +/- 9.302 years. Mean systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure after five weeks was 126.33 +/- 3.35 and 84.40 +/- 3.04mmHg in the intervention group, and 128.41 +/- 3.52 and 84.04 +/- 2.953mmHg in the control group. Changes in blood pressure between the two groups were minimal but statistically significant (p<0.05). Conclusion: A diet which is restricted in salt, rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods and reduced saturated and total fat can substantially lower blood pressure. Such a diet offers an additional nutritional approach to the prevention and treatment of hypertension.
A Randomized Intervention Trial of 24-wk Dairy Consumption on Waist Circumference, Blood Pressure, and Fasting Blood Sugar and Lipids in Japanese Men with Metabolic Syndrome; Dairy foods are postulated to have beneficial effects on blood pressure, body fat, serum lipids, and the incidence of type 2 diabetes. To evaluate the effects of the consumption of milk and dairy products, we performed a randomized dietary intervention trial for 24 wk in Japanese men, aged 20 to 60 y, with 2 or more components of the metabolic syndrome (Clinical trial registration: UMIN000006353). Subjects were randomized to a control group (n=98) that received dietary intervention focused on weight control supervised by registered dietitians, and a dairy-consumption group (n=102) that received both dietary intervention and regular home dairy delivery of 400 g/d for 24 wk. Co-primary endpoints included waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood sugar (PBS), and serum lipids. The dietary intervention decreased energy intake from 2,150 to 1,850 kcal/d in both groups (p<0.01). Mean rates of compliance with the dairy-consumption intervention were over 90%, resulting in increased calcium intake in the dairy-consumption group from 329 to 667 mg/d (p<0.01). Co-primary endpoints improved in both groups, but the degree of improvement was smaller in the dairy-consumption group (one-sided p=0.99). Subgroup analyses specified in the study protocol identified weight and leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) as significant effect modifiers. Differences in changes in systolic blood pressure compared with the control group were -8.0 mmHg (95% CI, -14.0 to -1.9, interaction; p<0.01) in the normal weight group and -5.8 mmHg (-11.4 to -0.2, interaction; p=0.02) in the moderate-to-high LTPA group, indicating lower systolic blood pressure in the dairy-consumption group among participants in these subgroups. In conclusion, although effects on the co-primary endpoints of dairy consumption were not shown, dairy consumption lowered systolic blood pressure in the subgroups with normal weight and moderate-to-high LTPA and lowered PBS in the subgroup with normal weight.
TREATMENT OF MALIGNANT HYPERTENSION WITH INFUSION OF SODIUM-CHLORIDE - A CASE-REPORT AND A REVIEW; A man, now 46 yr old, 159 cm in height and 39 kg in weight, was diagnosed 5 yr ago as essential hypertension with hypertensive nephropathy. On that occasion, renovascular stenosis was ruled out angiographically. He developed malignant hypertension and was admitted to our hospital. On admission, severe hypertension (260/160 mmHg), hyponatremia (132 meq/l), high reninemia (40.0 ng/ml; normal, 5.0-30.0 ng/ml), high serum aldosterone level (840 pg/ml; normal, 10-100 pg/ml) and advanced retinal changes (KW-III [Keith-Wegener class III]) were found. He lost 10 kg in weight during the preceding 3 mo. Other characteristic laboratory findings were hypopotassemia (3.8 meq/l), hypochloremia (85 meq/l), slight alkalosis, high serum lactate dehydrogenase level, increased cardio-thoracic ratio and milk azotmia (BUN[blood urea nitrogen]-46 mg/100 ml, serum creatinine-3.8 mg/100 ml). As a therapeutic trial, .beta.-blocker and hydralazine were administered but no improvement was obtained. Then, Na was infused in a dose of 328 meq dissolved in 1500 ml water in a time period of 12 h. After the start of Na supplementation (1 h), his blood pressure was dramatically decreased to 174/120 mmHg; 3 h after the infusion, the blood pressure was 149/90 mmHg; 1 h after the end of the infusion, the blood pressure remained as low as 130/90 mmHg. At the end of the infusion serum Na rose to 141 meq/l, PRA [plasma renin activity] decreased to 8.0 ng/ml, serum aldosterone level fell to 250 pg/ml, urinary Na excretion decreased and body weight increased by 1.5 kg. In this patient, extreme hypertension caused an excessive diuresis causing fluid and Na depletion in the body, which, in turn, increased renin release and blood pressure elevation. Malignant hypertension with hyponatremia and emaciation is an indication of parenteral Na supplementation and most important in the control of malignant hypertension is to keep the Na balance in an appropriate range.
The Effects of a Modified High-carbohydrate High-fat Diet on Metabolic Syndrome Parameters in Male Rats; Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic abnormalities including central obesity, hyperglycemia, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A previous study has established that high-carbohydrate high-fat diet (HCHF) can induce MetS in rats. In this study, we modified components of the diet so that it resembled the diet of Southeast Asians. This study aimed to determine the effects of this modified HCHF diet on metabolic parameters in rats. Male Wistar rats (n=14) were randomised into two groups. The normal group was given standard rat chow. The MetS group was given the HCHF diet, comprises of fructose, sweetened condensed milk, ghee, Hubble Mendel and Wakeman salt mixture, and powdered rat food. The diet regimen was assigned for a period of 16 weeks. Metabolic syndrome parameters (abdominal circumference, blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile) were measured at week 0, 8, 12, and 16 of the study. The measurement of whole body composition (fat mass, lean mass, and percentage of fat) was performed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at week 0, 8, and 16. Our results indicated that the components of MetS were partially developed after 8 weeks of HCHF diet. Systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, fat content, and percentage of fat was significantly higher in the HCHF group compared to normal group (p<0.05). After 12 weeks of HCHF diet, the rats showed significant increases in abdominal circumference, blood pressure, glucose intolerance, and dyslipidemia compared to normal control (p<0.05). In conclusion, MetS is successfully established in male rats induced by the modified HCHF diet after 12 weeks.
Dietary changes associated with improvement of metabolic syndrome components in postmenopausal women receiving two different nutrition interventions; Objective This study aims to examine the association between dietary changes and improvement of metabolic syndrome components in Mexican postmenopausal women receiving two different nutrition interventions. Methods Women (n = 118) with metabolic syndrome were randomly assigned to group 1 (n = 63; structured hypocaloric diet) or group 2 (n = 55; behavioral therapy). Metabolic and nutrition assessment was performed at baseline and after 2, 4, and 6 months of intervention. Dietary changes throughout the study and achievement of cardioprotective dietary goals were assessed at the end of the intervention. Results There was a significant increase in the number of women who met recommended servings for fruits/vegetables, low-fat dairy, and sugars in both groups. In group 1, elimination of high-energy refined grains increased the probability of having normal fasting glucose (relative risk, 1.514; 95% CI, 0.989-2.316; P = 0.035). In this group, women who met the low-fat dairy goal at the end of the study had lower diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.012) and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.001). In group 2, women who met the high-fat dairy goal had greater probability of having normal fasting glucose (relative risk, 1.915; 95% CI, 1.123-3.266; P = 0.026). In all women, exclusion of high-fat dairy decreased by 60% the probability of having impaired fasting glucose (relative risk, 0.40; 95% CI, 0.181-0.906; P = 0.028). Conclusions Both strategies promote achievement of cardioprotective dietary goals for fruits/vegetables, sugars, soda and sweetened beverages, low-fat dairy, and high-energy refined grains, and improve some metabolic syndrome components. Elimination of high-fat dairy decreases the risk of impaired fasting glucose. Dietary strategies should be flexible and individualized based on metabolic profile.
Fermented milk for hypertension; Background Fermented milk has been suggested to have a blood pressure lowering effect through increased content of proteins and peptides produced during the bacterial fermentation. Hypertension is one of the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease world wide and new blood pressure reducing lifestyle interventions, such as fermented milk, would be of great importance. Objectives To investigate whether fermented milk or similar products produced by lactobacilli fermentation of milk proteins has any blood pressure lowering effect in humans when compared to no treatment or placebo. Search methods The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), English language databases, including MEDLINE (1966-2011), EMBASE (1974-2011), Cochrane Complementary Medicine Trials Register, Allied and Complementary Medicine (AMED) (1985-2011), Food science and technology abstracts (1969-2011). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials; cross over and parallel studies evaluating the effect on blood pressure of fermented milk in humans with an intervention period of 4 weeks or longer. Data collection and analysis Data was extracted individually by two authors, afterwards agreement had to be obtained before imputation in the review. Main results A modest overall effect of fermented milk on SBP was found (MD -2.45; 95% CI -4.30 to -0.60), no effect was evident on DBP (MD -0.67; 95% CI -1.48, 0.14). Authors' conclusions The review does not support an effect of fermented milk on blood pressure. Despite the positive effect on SBP the authors conclude, for several reasons, that fermented milk has no effect on blood pressure. The effect found was very modest and only on SBP, the included studies were very heterogeneous and several with weak methodology. Finally, sensitivity and subgroup analyses could not reproduce the antihypertensive effect. The results do not give notion to the use of fermented milk as treatment for hypertension or as a lifestyle intervention for pre-hypertension nor would it influence population blood pressure.
Breathing-control lowers blood pressure; We hypothesise that routinely applied short sessions of slow and regular breathing can lower blood pressure (BP). Using a new technology BIM breathe with Interactive Music), hypertensive patients were guided towards slow and regular breathing. The present study evaluates the efficacy of the BIM in lowering BP. We studied 33 patients (23M/10F), aged 25-75 years, with uncontrolled Up. Patients were randomised into either active treatment with the BIM (n = 18) or a control treatment with a Walkman (n = 15), Treatment at home included either musically-guided breathing exercises with the BIM or listening to quiet music played by a Walkman for 10 min dairy for 8 weeks. BP and heart rate were measured both at the clinic and at home with an Omron IC BP monitor. Clinic BP levels were measured at baseline, and after 4 and 8 weeks of treatment. Home BP measurements were taken daily, morning and evening, throughout the study. The two groups were matched by initial Up, age, gender, body mass index and medication status. The Up change at the clinic was -7.5/-4.0 mm Hg in the active treatment group, vs -2.9/-1.5 mm Hg in the control group (P = 0.001 for systolic BP). Analysis of home-measured data showed an average BP change of -5.0/-2.7 mm Hg in the active treatment group and -1.2/+0.9 mm Hg in the control group. Ten out of 18 (56%) were defined as responders in the active treatment group but only two out of 14 (14%) in the control group (P = 0.02), Thus, breathing exercise guided by the BIM device for 10 min daily is an effective non-pharmacological modality to reduce BP.
Blood Pressure Lowering Effect of a Pea Protein Hydrolysate in Hypertensive Rats and Humans; The blood pressure lowering effect of a pea protein hydrolysate (PPH) that contained <3 kDa peptides, isolated by membrane ultrafiltration from the thermolysin digest of pea protein isolate (PPI), was examined using different rat models of hypertension as well as hypertensive human subjects. The PPH showed weak in vitro activities against renin and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) with inhibitory activities of 17 and 19%, respectively, at 1 mg/mL test concentration. Oral administration of the PPH to spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) at doses of 100 and 200 mg/kg body weight led to a lowering of hourly systolic blood pressure (SBP), with a maximum reduction of 19 mmHg at 4 h. In contrast, orally administered unhydrolyzed PPI had no blood pressure reducing effect in SHR, suggesting that thermolysin hydrolysis may have been responsible for releasing bioactive peptides from the native protein. Oral administration of the PPH to the Han:SPRD-cy rat (a model of chronic kidney disease) over an 8-week period led to 29 and 25 mmHg reductions in SBP and diastolic blood pressure, respectively. The PPH-fed rats had lower plasma levels of angiotensin II, the major vasopressor involved in development of hypertension, but there was no effect on plasma activity or renal mRNA levels of ACE. However, renal expression of renin mRNA levels was reduced by approximately 50% in the PPH-fed rats, suggesting that reduced renin may be responsible for the reduced levels of angiotensin U. In a 3-week randomized double blind placebo-controlled crossover human intervention trial (7 volunteers), significant (p < 0.05) reductions (over placebo) in SBP of 5 and 6 mmHg were obtained in the second and third weeks, respectively, for the PPH group. Therefore, thermolysin derived bioactive peptides from PPH reduced blood pressure in hypertensive rats and human subjects, likely via effects on the renal angiotensin system.
Dietary diversity score is favorably associated with the metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adults; OBJECTIVE: Assessing overall diet instead of the effects of a single nutrient on diet-disease relations may be more informative. This study was conducted to evaluate the relationship between dietary diversity score (DDS) and metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adults. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: A representative sample of 581 healthy subjects aged over 18 y selected randomly from among participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. MEASUREMENTS: Usual dietary intake was assessed using a validated semi quantitative food frequency questionnaire. DDS was calculated based on scoring to the five-food group. The DDS range was 0-10. Weight and height were measured according to standard protocols and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. Fasting blood samples were taken for biochemical measurements and blood pressure was assessed according to standard methods. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to ATPIII. Subjects were categorized based on quartile cut-points of DDS. RESULTS: Means (+/- s.d.) of age and BMI were 37 +/- 12 y and 25.7 +/- 4.3 kg/m(2), respectively. Mean (+/- s.d.) of DDS was 6.15 +/- 1.02. The probability of having metabolic syndrome decreased with quartiles of DDS ( odds ratios among quartiles: 1.00, 0.82, 0.76, 0.70, P < 0.05, and odds ratios among quartiles after further adjustment for BMI: 1.00, 0.88, 0.80, 0.77, P < 0.05). After controlling for confounders, a significantly decreasing trend was observed for the risk of having high blood pressure, impaired glucose homeostasis and high triglyceride levels. CONCLUSION: DDS had inverse association with metabolic syndrome and some of its features in this cross-sectional study. A higher dietary diversity, therefore, might be associated with lower possibility of having some metabolic disorders.
Effects of dairy intake on weight maintenance; Background: To compare the effects of low versus recommended levels of dairy intake on weight maintenance and body composition subsequent to weight loss. Design and Methods: Two site (University of Kansas-KU; University of Tennessee-UT), 9 month, randomized trial. Weight loss was baseline to 3 months, weight maintenance was 4 to 9 months. Participants were maintained randomly assigned to low dairy (< 1 dairy serving/d) or recommended dairy (> 3 servings/d) diets for the maintenance phase. Three hundred thirty eight men and women, age: 40.3 +/- 7.0 years and BMI: 34.5 +/- 3.1, were randomized; Change in weight and body composition (total fat, trunk fat) from 4 to 9 months were the primary outcomes. Blood chemistry, blood pressure, resting metabolism, and respiratory quotient were secondary outcomes. Energy intake, calcium intake, dairy intake, and physical activity were measured as process evaluation. Results: During weight maintenance, there were no overall significant differences for weight or body composition between the low and recommended dairy groups. A significant site interaction occurred with the low dairy group at KU maintaining weight and body composition and the low dairy group at UT increasing weight and body fat. The recommended dairy group exhibited reductions in plasma 1,25-(OH)(2)-D while no change was observed in the low dairy group. No other differences were found for blood chemistry, blood pressure or physical activity between low and recommended dairy groups. The recommended dairy group showed significantly greater energy intake and lower respiratory quotient compared to the low dairy group. Conclusion: Weight maintenance was similar for low and recommended dairy groups. The recommended dairy group exhibited evidence of greater fat oxidation and was able to consume greater energy without greater weight gain compared to the low dairy group. Recommended levels of dairy products may be used during weight maintenance without contributing to weight gain compared to diets low in dairy products.
Water and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and changes in BMI among Brazilian fourth graders after 1-year follow-up; Objective We examined whether drinking water per se is associated with drinking less of other beverages and whether changes in BMI are associated with the intake of water and other beverages. Design Secondary analysis of a randomized trial of fourth graders followed over 1 year. Setting Public schools in the metropolitan area of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Subjects Participants were 1134 students aged 10-11 years. Results At baseline, a higher frequency of water consumption was associated with a greater daily intake of fruit juice (P = 0 center dot 02) and a higher daily frequency of milk (P = 0 center dot 005). In the intervention group, the baseline frequency of water consumption was negatively associated with weight change over 1 year but without statistical significance (coefficient = -0 center dot 08 kg/m(2); 95 % CI -0 center dot 37, 0 center dot 24 kg/m(2)), whereas fruit juice intake frequency was positively associated with weight change: each increase in fruit juice intake of 1 glass/d was associated with a BMI increase of 0 center dot 16 (95 % CI 0 center dot 02, 0 center dot 30) kg/m(2). Conclusions Our findings do not support a protective effect of water consumption on BMI, but confirm consumption of juice drinks as a risk factor for BMI gain. Students who reported high water consumption also reported high intake of other beverages; therefore, the promotion of water consumption per se would not prevent excessive weight gain.
A 12-week intervention with nonivamide, a TRPV1 agonist, prevents a dietary-induced body fat gain and increases peripheral serotonin in moderately overweight subjects; Scope: A bolus administration of 0.15 mg nonivamide has previously been demonstrated to reduce energy intake in moderately overweight men. This 12-week intervention investigated whether a daily consumption of nonivamide in a protein-based product formulation promotes a reduction in body weight in healthy overweight subjects and affects outcome measures associated with mechanisms regulating food intake, e.g. plasma concentrations of (an) orexigenic hormones, energy substrates as well as changes in fecal microbiota. Methods and results: Nineteen overweight subjects were randomly assigned to either a control (C) or a nonivamide (NV) group. Changes in the body composition and plasma concentrations of satiating hormones were determined at fasting and 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 min after a glucose load. Participants were instructed to consume 0.15 mg nonivamide per day in 450 mL of a milk shake additionally to their habitual diet. After treatment, a group difference in body fat mass change (-0.61 +/- 0.36% in NV and + 1.36 +/- 0.38% in C) and an increase in postprandial plasma serotonin were demonstrated. Plasma metabolome and fecal microbiome read outs were not affected. Conclusions: A daily intake of 0.15 mg nonivamide helps to support to maintain a healthy body composition.
Impact of soy milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Soy milk contains some beneficial components such as isoflavones which can exert favorable effects on the cardiovascular health. The current study aimed to comprehensively evaluate the potential effects of soy milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors in adults. Methods: Relevant articles published up to June 2020 were systematically retrieved from SCOPUS, PubMed/ MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases. In our study, we included all the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the impact of soy milk consumption on various cardiometabolic risk factors in adults (age >= 18 years). A meta-analysis of the eligible studies was performed using the random-effects model. Results: The quantitative meta-analysis of 18 eligible RCTs (665 participants, age range 18-65 years) demonstrated that the consumption of soy milk significantly reduced systolic (P < 0.001) and diastolic (P = 0.002) blood pressure, total (P = 0.001) and low-density lipoprotein (P = 0.041) cholesterol, waist circumference (P = 0.005), C-reactive protein (P < 0.001), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P = 0.016). Significant between-study heterogeneity was found for the pooled effect sizes of blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. In addition, the subgroup analyses indicated that the decrease in systolic blood pressure (SBP) was more pronounced when soy milk was consumed for <= 4 weeks. However, there were no significant differences between soy milk and control groups for the other factors, namely body weight, body mass index (BMI), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting blood glucose (FBG), and fasting insulin, interleukin-6, and fibrinogen. Conclusions: The current systematic review and meta-analysis revealed that incorporating soy milk into the diet might favorably affect several cardiometabolic risk factors in both healthy and unhealthy individuals.
Effects of Different Dietary Interventions on Calcitriol, Parathyroid Hormone, Calcium, and Phosphorus: Results from the DASH Trial; The "Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension" (DASH) diet, rich in fiber and low-fat dairy, effectively lowers blood pressure. DASH's effect on calcitriol and other markers of bone-mineral metabolism is unknown. This secondary analysis of the DASH trial aimed to determine the effect of dietary patterns on blood concentrations of calcitriol, parathyroid hormone (PTH), ionized calcium, and urinary excretion of calcium and phosphorus. Outcomes were available in 334 participants in the trial. After a 3-week run-in on the control diet, participants were randomized to control, fruits and vegetables (F&V), or DASH diets. Outcomes were assessed at the end of run-in, and during the last week of the intervention period. Mean age of participants was 45.7 +/- 10.7 years, 46% female, and 57% African-American. Mean +/- Standard Deviation(SD) baseline serum concentrations of calcitriol, PTH, and ionized calcium were 37.8 +/- 9.2 pg/mL, 46.1 +/- 18.5 pg/mL and 5.2 +/- 0.23 mg/dL, respectively. Mean (+/- SD) urinary calcium and phosphorus excretions were 150.1 +/- 77.8 and 708.0 +/- 251.8 mg/24 h, respectively. Compared with control, DASH reduced calcitriol -3.32 pg/mL (p = 0.004). Otherwise, there was no significant effect on other biomarkers. DASH lowered serum calcitriol perhaps more among African-Americans. These results raise important questions about the interpretation and clinical significance of low calcitriol concentrations in the setting of recommended diets.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on calcium supplements and dairy products for changes in body weight and obesity indices; This meta-analysis was performed to investigate whether calcium supplements and dairy products change obesity indices including fat mass. Original articles published in English between July 2009 and August 2019 were identified. Ten and 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with >= 12 weeks interventions of calcium supplements and dairy products among overweight or obese adults aged >= 18 were critically reviewed. Mean difference (MD) or standardised mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI) were obtained using a random effect meta-analysis. Dairy products significantly changed fat mass (SMD, 95% CI; -0.40 [-0.77, -0.02]) and BMI (MD, 95% CI: -0.46 kg/m2 [-0.67, -0.26]), and calcium supplements also showed changes in fat mass (SMD, 95% CI; -0.15[-0.28, -0.02]). However, in the analysis of RCTs with low risk of bias scores, the significant changes remained only in the dairy-products intervention. Our findings suggest that dairy products without distinction of fat percentage may help reduce fat mass and BMI, but calcium supplements may not.
Whey protein lowers blood pressure and improves endothelial function and lipid biomarkers in adults with prehypertension and mild hypertension: results from the chronic Whey2Go randomized controlled trial; Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the greatest cause of death globally, and their reduction is a key public-health target. High blood pressure (BP) affects 1 in 3 people in the United Kingdom, and previous studies have shown that milk consumption is associated with lower BP. Objective: We investigated whether intact milk proteins lower 24-h ambulatory blood pressure (AMBP) and other risk markers of CVD. Design: The trial was a double-blinded, randomized, 3-way-crossover, controlled intervention study. Forty-two participants were randomly assigned to consume 2 X 28 g whey protein/d, 2 X 28 g Ca caseinate/d, or 2 X 27 g maltodextrin (control)/d for 8 wk separated by a 4-wk washout. The effects of these interventions were examined with the use of a linear mixed-model ANOVA. Results: Thirty-eight participants completed the study. Significant reductions in 24-h BP [for systolic blood pressure (SBP): -3.9 mm Hg; for diastolic blood pressure (DBP): -2.5 mm Hg; P = 0.050 for both)] were observed after whey-protein consumption compared with control intake. After whey-protein supplementation compared with control intake, peripheral and central systolic pressures [-5.7 mm Hg (P = 0.007) and -5.4 mm Hg (P = 0.012), respectively] and mean pressures [-3.7 mm Hg (P = 0.025) and -4.0 mm Hg (P = 0.019), respectively] were also lowered. Flow mediated dilation (FMD) increased significantly after both whey protein and calcium-caseinate intakes compared with control intake [1.31% (P < 0.001) and 0.83% (P = 0.003), respectively]. Although both whey protein and calcium caseinate significantly lowered total cholesterol [-0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.013) and -0.20 mmol/L (P = 0.042), respectively], only whey protein decreased triacylglycerol (-0.23 mmol/L; P = 0.025) compared with the effect of the control. Soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 were reduced after whey protein consumption (P = 0.011) and after calcium-caseinate consumption (P = 0.039), respectively, compared with after control intake. Conclusions: The consumption of unhydrolyzed milk proteins (56 g/d) for 8 wk improved vascular reactivity, biomarkers of endothelial function, and lipid risk factors. Whey-protein supplementation also lowered 24-h ambulatory SBP and DBP. These results may have important implications for public health. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02090842.
Beneficial effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on some cardiovascular risk factors among individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A grade-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Previous studies suggested that probiotics/synbiotics administration exerts some beneficial effects on cardiometabolic risk factors. However, the results from trials have been inconsistent. This study aimed to identify the impact of probiotic and synbiotic supplements on cardiovascular health factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and prediabetes We searched PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, and Scopus up to February 2022 to identify eligible RCTs. Estimating 95 % confidence (CI) and the weighted mean difference (WMD) for weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumferences (WC), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), the random-effects model was used. In the current meta-analysis, 54 RCTs were included. With the probiotic/synbiotics intervention, several parameters changed significantly, including weight (WMD: -0.38, 95 % CI: -0.63 to -0.12 Kg), TG (WMD:-19.08, 95 % CI: -27.65 to-10.51 mg/ dl), TC (WMD: -10.46, 95 % CI: -15.19 to-5.72 mg/dl), LDL-C (WMD: -4.87, 95 % CI: -7.65 to-2.09 mg/dl), HDL-C (WMD: -2.70, 95 % CI: 1.33-4.07 mg/dl), SBP (WMD: -3.81, 95 % CI: -6.24 to-1.38 mmHg), and DBP (WMD: -2.01, 95 % CI: -3.12 to-0.91 mmHg). In the subgroup analysis, probiotics/synbiotics supplementation resulted in a greater change in lipid profile components in T2DM patients. Weight and BMI reduced only after synbiotic supplementation. We found that the administration of probiotics and synbiotics had beneficial effects on lipid profiles, anthropometric indices, and blood pressure in individuals with T2DM.
Associations Between Dietary Patterns and Subclinical Cardiac Injury An Observational Analysis From the DASH Trial; Background: The DASH diet has been found to lower blood pressure (BP) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Objective: To compare diets rich in fruits and vegetables with a typical American diet in their effects on cardiovascular injury in middle-aged adults without known preexisting cardiovascular disease (CVD). Design: Observational study based on a 3-group, paralleldesign, randomized trial conducted in the United States from 1994 to 1996. (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00000544) Setting: 3 of the 4 original clinical trial centers. Participants: 326 of the original 459 trial participants with available stored specimens. Intervention: Participants were randomly assigned to 8 weeks of monitored feeding with a control diet typical of what many Americans eat; a diet rich in fruits and vegetables but otherwise similar to the control diet; or the DASH diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy, and fiber and has low levels of saturated fat and cholesterol. Weight was kept constant throughout feeding. Measurements: Biomarkers collected at baseline and 8 weeks: high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I (hs-cTnI), N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), and high-sensitivity Creactive protein (hs-CRP). Results: The mean age of participants was 45.2 years, 48% were women, 49% were black, and mean baseline BP was 131/85 mm Hg. Compared with the control diet, the fruit-and-vegetable diet reduced hs-cTnI levels by 0.5 ng/L (95% CI, -0.9 to -0.2 ng/L) and NT-proBNP levels by 0.3 pg/mL (CI, -0.5 to -0.1 pg/mL). Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet reduced hs-cTnI levels by 0.5 ng/L (CI, -0.9 to -0.1 ng/L) and NT-proBNP levels by 0.3 pg/mL (CI, -0.5 to -0.04 pg/mL). Levels of hs-CRP did not differ among diets. None of the markers differed between the fruit-and-vegetable and DASH diets. Limitation: Short duration, missing specimens, and an inability to isolate the effects of specific foods or micronutrients. Conclusion: Diets rich in fruits and vegetables given over 8 weeks were associated with lower levels of markers for subclinical cardiac damage and strain in adults without preexisting CVD.
Leptin predicts bone and fat mass after accounting for the effects of diet and glucocorticoid treatment in piglets; The role of leptin in neonatal growth and bone metabolism has been investigated, but not simultaneously. The objectives of this study were to determine if leptin relates to bone mass during rapid growth; if consumption of maternal milk is related to elevated circulating concentrations of leptin resulting in higher fat mass; and if glucocorticoids result in higher fat mass and reduced bone mass due to elevated leptin. Thirty-two piglets were randomized to either a suckling or milk substitute plus either dexamethasone (DEX) or placebo injection for 15 days beginning at 5 days of age. Milk and blood samples were obtained at baseline, and after 15 days, blood was sampled again for measurement of leptin and bone biochemistry. Weight at baseline plus weight and length after 15 days were recorded, followed by measurement of whole body bone mineral content, bone area, and fat mass using dual energy x-ray absorptiometry. At baseline, plasma leptin was elevated in suckled piglets. Piglets that suckled had elevated fat mass as did those who received DEX. However, DEX resulted in suppressed weight and length, bone mass, and bone metabolism. Leptin was similar among groups after the 15 days. After accounting for body size and treatment effects, piglet plasma leptin was predictive of bone and fat mass. Leptin circulating early postnatally is linked to body composition, specifically fat and bone mass. Elevations in fat mass and reductions in bone mass observed after 15 days of DEX treatment are not related to leptin metabolism. Both human and porcine neonates share similar characteristics with respect to relationships of leptin with fat and bone mass.
Body Composition and Strength Changes in Women with Milk and Resistance Exercise; JOSSE, A. R., J. E. TANG, M. A. TARNOPOLSKY, and S. M. PHILLIPS. Body Composition and Strength Changes in Women with Milk and Resistance Exercise. Med. Sci. Sports Exerc., Vol. 42, No. 6, pp. 1122-1130, 2010. Purpose: We aimed to determine whether women consuming fat-free milk versus isoenergetic carbohydrate after resistance exercise would see augmented gains in lean mass and reductions in fat mass similar to what we observed in young men. Methods: Young women were randomized to drink either fat-free milk (MILK: n = 10; age (mean +/- SD) = 23.2 +/- 2.8 yr; BMI = 26.2 +/- 4.2 kg.m(-2)) or isoenergetic carbohydrate (CON: n = 10; age = 22.4 +/- 2.4 yr; BMI = 25.2 +/- 3.8 kg.m(-2)) immediately after and 1 h after exercise (2 x 500 mL). Subjects exercised 5 d.wk(-1) for 12 wk. Body composition changes were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and subjects' strength and fasting blood were measured before and after training. Results: CON gained weight after training (CON: +0.86 +/- 0.4 kg, P < 0.05; MILK: +0.50 +/- 0.4 kg, P = 0.29). Lean mass increased with training in both groups (P < 0.01), with a greater net gain in MILK versus CON (1.9 +/- 0.2 vs 1.1 +/- 0.2 kg, respectively, P < 0.01). Fat mass decreased with training in MILK only (-1.6 perpendicular to 0.4 kg, P < 0.01; CON: -0.3 perpendicular to 0.3 kg, P = 0.41). Isotonic strength increased more in MILK than CON (P < 0.05) for some exercises. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D increased in both groups but to a greater extent in MILK than CON (+6.5 +/- 1.1 vs +2.8 +/- 1.3 nM, respectively, P < 0.05), and parathyroid hormone decreased only in MILK (-1.2 +/- 0.2 pM, P < 0.01). Conclusions: Heavy, whole-body resistance exercise with the consumption of milk versus carbohydrate in the early postexercise period resulted in greater muscle mass accretion, strength gains, fat mass loss, and a possible reduction in bone turnover in women after 12 wk. Our results, similar to those in men, highlight that milk is an effective drink to support favorable body composition changes in women with resistance training.
Bioactive milk peptides and blood pressure; We have shown in several clinical trials that the milk protein-derived bioactive peptides isoleucine-proline-proline (IPP) and valine-proline-proline (VPP) lower blood pressure, but a critical meta-analysis had yet to be conducted based on these studies. A total of five randomized controlled clinical trials with 295 voluntary subjects were included in the meta-analysis. The overall effect in the meta-analysis was a -4.0 mmHg (95 percent Cl:-5.9 to -2.1, p<0.001) reduction in systolic blood pressure and -2.1 mmHg (95 percent Cl:-3.4 to -0.8, p=0.002) reduction in diastolic blood pressure. The meta-analysis confirms that Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk containing IPP and VPP tripeptides reduces blood pressure in hypertensive subjects. Functional foods containing bioactive milk peptides can be useful as part of dietary treatment and prevention of hypertension.
The effect of <i>Lactobacillus helveticus</i> fermented milk on acute changes in calcium metabolism in postmenopausal women; Background:. Milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus (L. helveticus) has been shown to lower blood pressure and to increase bone mineral content in spontaneously hypertensive rats. The effect of L.helveticus may be due to better calcium availability. Aim of the study:. In the present study the effect of milk fermented with L. helveticus on acute changes in calcium metabolism and bone resorption in postmenopausal women was studied. Methods:. The study was performed as a randomised double-blind crossover study of 20 postmenopausal women (mean age 65, range 50-78). The study was carried out in two parts. Firstly, L. helveticus fermented milk was compared to a control milk. Secondly, juice containing peptides formed with L. helveticus bacteria was compared to a control juice. The acute effect on calcium metabolism was measured during the study day by serum ionised calcium (iCa), parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcium (Ca), phosphate (P), and urinary calcium. A direct marker of bone turnover, carboxyterminal telopeptide of type I collagen (ICTP), was measured from the serum. Results:. L. helveticus fermented milk reduced serum PTH (405.3 +/- 37 ng/l vs. 454.9 +/- 37, p = 0.012) and increased serum calcium (19.1 +/- 0.2 mmol/l vs. 18.8 +/- 0.2, p = 0.031) compared to the control milk. L. helveticus derived peptides had no significant acute effect on calcium metabolism, in fact, ionised calcium was lower and PTH higher after the juice containing peptides compared to the control juice. Conclusions:. Fermentation of milk with Lactobacillus helveticus had a positive acute effect on calcium metabolism. This effect was not explained by the small peptides formed by L. helveticus.
Effect of dairy intake with or without energy restriction on body composition of adults: overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials; Context: Some studies suggest that consumption of dairy products can aid in weight loss, while others suggest a negative effect or no effect Objective: An overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses was conducted to examine the effect of dairy product consumption on changes in body composition. Data Sources: PRISMA guidelines were followed to ensure transparent reporting of evidence. The MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Central Database of Systematic Reviews, and Web of Science databases were searched from inception to April 2018. Study Selection: Six systematic reviews and 47 associated meta-analyses (which included the results of 58 different randomized controlled trials) published in English or Spanish and reporting data on dairy intake and changes in weight, fat mass, lean mass, or waist circumference were included. Data Extraction: Two authors independently extracted the data and assessed the risk of bias using the AMSTAR2 tool. Results: Dairy consumption interventions without dietary energy restriction had no significant effects on weight, fat mass, lean mass, or waist circumference. Interventions in energy-restricted settings had significant effects on fat mass and body weight. Conclusions: Increasing total dairy intake without energy restriction in adults does not affect body composition. In the context of an energy-restricted diet, however, increased dairy intake results in lower fat mass and body weight but has no conclusive effects on waist circumference or lean mass.
Dietary fat and not calcium supplementation or dairy product consumption is associated with changes in anthropometrics during a randomized, placebo-controlled energy-restriction trial; Insufficient calcium intake has been proposed to cause unbalanced energy partitioning leading to obesity. However, weight loss interventions including dietary calcium or dairy product consumption have not reported changes in lipid metabolism measured by the plasma lipidome. Methods: The objective of this study was to determine the relationships between dairy product or supplemental calcium intake with changes in the plasma lipidome and body composition during energy restriction. A secondary objective of this study was to explore the relationships among calculated macronutrient composition of the energy restricted diet to changes in the plasma lipidome, and body composition during energy restriction. Overweight adults (n = 61) were randomized into one of three intervention groups including a deficit of 500kcal/d: 1) placebo; 2) 900 mg/d calcium supplement; and 3) 3-4 servings of dairy products/d plus a placebo supplement. Plasma fatty acid methyl esters of cholesterol ester, diacylglycerol, free fatty acids, lysophosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylethanolamine and triacylglycerol were quantified by capillary gas chromatography. Results: After adjustments for energy and protein (g/d) intake, there was no significant effect of treatment on changes in weight, waist circumference or body composition. Plasma lipidome did not differ among dietary treatment groups. Stepwise regression identified correlations between reported intake of monounsaturated fat (% of energy) and changes in % lean mass (r = -0.44, P < 0.01) and % body fat (r = 0.48, P < 0.001). Polyunsaturated fat intake was associated with the % change in waist circumference (r = 0.44, P < 0.01). Dietary saturated fat was not associated with any changes in anthropometrics or the plasma lipidome. Conclusions: Dairy product consumption or calcium supplementation during energy restriction over the course of 12 weeks did not affect plasma lipids. Independent of calcium and dairy product consumption, short-term energy restriction altered body composition. Reported dietary fat composition of energy restricted diets was associated with the degree of change in body composition in these overweight and obese individuals.
Fermented Dairy Products, Probiotic Supplementation, and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Fermented dairy foods (FDFs) and probiotics are promising tools for the prevention and management of cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs), respectively. The relation between the regular consumption of FDFs and CMD risk factors was assessed by prospective cohort studies (PCSs), and the effect of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix on CMD parameters was evaluated by randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Moreover, the effects of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix were compared with those administered in capsule/powder form. Twenty PCSs and 52 RCTs met the inclusion criteria for the systematic review and meta-analysis. In PCSs, fermented milk was associated with a 4% reduction in risk of stroke, ischemic heart disease, and cardiovascular mortality [RR (95% CI); 0.96 (0.94, 0.98)]; yogurt intake was associated with a risk reduction of 27% [RR (95% CI); 0.73 (0.70, 0.76)] for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 20% [RR (95% CI); 0.80 (0.74, 0.87)] for metabolic syndrome development. In RCTs, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices produced a greater reduction in lipid biomarkers than when added into capsules/powder in hypercholesterolemic subjects, and probiotic supplementation by capsules/powder produced a greater reduction in T2D biomarkers than when added into dairy matrices in diabetic subjects. Both treatments (dairy matrix and capsules/powder) resulted in a significant reduction in anthropometric parameters in obese subjects. In summary, fermented milk consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk, while yogurt intake is associated with a reduced risk of T2D and metabolic syndrome development in the general population. Furthermore, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices could be considered beneficial for lowering lipid concentrations and reducing anthropometric parameters. Additionally, probiotic capsule/powder supplementation could contribute to T2D management and reduce anthropometric parameters. However, these results should be interpreted with caution due to the heterogeneity of the studies and the different probiotic strains used in the studies.
Realistic intake of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product increases HDL-cholesterol without inducing anthropometric changes in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects; To assess whether antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and other cardio-protective effects attributed to cocoa are achieved when regularly consuming moderate amounts of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product, a non-randomized, controlled, crossover, free-living study was carried out in healthy (n = 24; 25.9 +/- 5.6 years) and moderately hypercholesterolemic (200-240 mg dL(-1); n = 20; 30.0 +/- 10.3 years) volunteers. Participants consumed two servings per day (7.5 g per serving) of a soluble cocoa product (providing 45.3 mg flavanols per day) in milk, which was compared with consuming only milk during a 4 week period. The effects on systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate were determined, as well as on serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles, interleukins (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), vascular (VCAM-1) and intercellular cell adhesion molecules (ICAM-1), serum malondialdehyde (MDA), carbonyl groups (CG), ferric reducing/antioxidant power (FRAP), oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), and free radical scavenging capacity (ABTS). During the study, the volunteers' diets and physical activity were also evaluated; as well as any changes in weight, skin folds, circumferences and related anthropometric parameters. Cocoa and certain polyphenol-rich fruits and vegetables and their derivatives were restricted. After consuming the cocoa product positive effects were observed such as an increase in serum HDL-C (p < 0.001) and dietary fiber intake (p = 0.050), whereas IL-10 decreased (p = 0.022). Other cardiovascular-related biomarkers and anthropometric parameters were unaffected. We have therefore concluded that regular consumption of this cocoa product in a Spanish-Mediterranean diet may protect against cardiovascular disease in healthy and hypercholesterolemic subjects without producing any weight gain or other anthropometric changes.
Effects of lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet <i>vs.</i> standard-weight-loss diet on obese and overweight adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomised clinical trial; The aim of the study was to compare the effects of a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet (LOV-D) vs. a standard weight-loss diet (SWL-D) on obese/overweight adults with NAFLD. Present randomised clinical trial recruited 75 overweight/obese adults with NAFLD, who were randomly assigned into LOV-D and SWL-D groups for 3 months. The LOV-D was designed based on eliminating meat, poultry, and fish; while including dairy products and eggs. The SWL-D was planned according to the standard food pyramid, which was free in all sources of food. Adherence to LOV-D significantly outperformed SWL-D in reducing levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), body weight, waist circumference, BMI, fasting blood sugar, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triacylglycerol (TG), cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Furthermore, ultrasonography revealed a higher alleviation in NAFLD grade among LOV-D, compared with SWL-D. This study suggests that adherence to LOV-D for 3 months has beneficial effects on NAFLD improvement, anthropometric measures, glycaemic-related markers, and lipid profiles.
Effect of 1-year dairy product intervention on fat mass in young women: 6-month follow-up; Objective: Previous results from this laboratory suggest that a 1-year dairy intake intervention in young women does not alter fat mass. The objective of this study was to determine the impact of the 1-year dairy intervention 6 months after completion of the intervention. Research Methods and Procedures: Previously, normal-weight young women (n = 154) were randomized to one of three calcium intake groups: control (< 800 mg/d), medium dairy (1000 to 1100 mg/d), or high dairy (1300 to 1400 mg/d) for a 1-year trial (n = 135 completed). In the current study, 51 women were assessed 6 months after completion of the intervention trial. Body compositions (body fat, lean mass) were measured using DXA. Self-report questionnaires were utilized to measure activity and dietary intake (kilocalories, calcium). Results: The high-dairy group (n = 19) maintained an elevated calcium intake (1027 +/- 380 mg/d) at 18 months compared with the control group (n = 18, 818 +/- 292; p = 0.02). Mean calcium intake over the 18 months predicted a negative change in fat mass (p = 0.04) when baseline BMI was controlled in regression analysis (model R-2 = 0.11). 25-Hydroxyvitamin D levels were correlated with fat mass at each time-point (baseline, r = -0.41, p = 0.003; 12 months, r = -0.42, p = 0.002; 18 months, r = -0.32, p = 0.02) but did not predict changes in fat mass. Discussion: Dietary calcium intake over 18 months predicted a negative change in body fat mass. Thus, increased dietary calcium intakes through dairy products may prevent fat mass accumulation in young, healthy, normal-weight women.
Infant nutrition and blood pressure in early adulthood: the Barry Caerphilly Growth study; Background: Evidence suggests that environmental factors acting early in life may affect blood pressure in adulthood. Objective: The objective was to test the hypothesis that dried formula milk (derived from cow milk) intake in infancy is positively associated with blood pressure in early adulthood. Design: We conducted a long-term follow-up (1997-1999) of the Barry Caerphilly Growth study cohort (1972-1974) into which mothers and their offspring had originally been randomly assigned to receive a milk supplement or usual care. Participants were the offspring, who were aged 23-27 y at follow-up. The main outcome measures were systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Results: The social and demographic characteristics of the subjects who were (n = 679) and were not (n = 272) followed up were similar. For each increase in quartile of dried milk consumption (in oz) at 3 mo of age, there was a 1.28-mm Hg (95% CI: 0.46, 2.10 mm. Hg) increase in systolic and a 0.63-mm Hg (95% Cl: 0.04, 1.22 mm. Hg) increase in diastolic blood pressure after adjustment for sex, intervention group, birth weight z scores, social class in childhood, age at follow-up, alcohol consumption, and pack-years of smoking. These coefficients were attenuated when adult body mass index and height were included in the models, but the association of dried milk consumption at 3 mo of age with systolic pressure remained significant (1.07 mm. Hg; 95% CI: 0.27, 1.87 nun Hg). Conclusions: Our findings are consistent with the hypothesis that high blood pressure in later life is influenced by early postnatal nutrition. Thus, interventions to optimize infant nutrition may have important long-term health benefits.
Effect of a hypocaloric diet, increased protein intake and resistance training on lean mass gains and fat mass loss in overweight police officers; We compare the effects of a moderate hypocaloric, high-protein diet and resistance training, using two different protein supplements, versus hypocaloric diet alone on body compositional changes in overweight police officers. A randomized, prospective 12-week study was per formed comparing the changes in body composition produced by th ree different treatment modalities in th ree study groups. One group (n = 10) was placed on a non-lipogenic, hypocaloric diet atone (80% of predicted needs). A second group (n = 14) was placed on the hypocaloric diet plus resistance exercise plus a high-protein intake (1.5 g/kg/day) using a casein protein hydrolysate. In the third group (n = 14) treatment was identical to the second, except for the use of a whey protein hydrolysate. We found that weight loss was approximately 2.5 kg in all three groups. Mean percent body fat with diet alone decreased from a baseline of 27 +/- 1.8 to 25 +/- 1.3% at 12 weeks. With diet, exercise and casein the decrease was from 26 +/- 1.7 to 18 +/- 1.1% and with diet, exercise and whey protein the decrease was from 27 +/- 1.6 to 23 +/- 1.3%. The mean fat loss was 2.5 +/- 0.6, 7.0 +/- 2.1 and 4.2 +/- 0.9 kg in the three groups, respectively. Lean mass gains in the three groups did not change for diet alone, versus gains of 4 +/- 1.4 and 2 +/- 0.7 kg in the casein and whey groups, respectively. Mean increase in strength for chest, shoulder and legs was 59 +/- 9% for casein and 29 +/- 9% for whey, a significant group difference. This significant difference in body composition and strength is likely due to improved nitrogen retention and overall anticatabolic effects caused by the peptide components of the casein hydrolysate. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
The association between food patterns and the metabolic syndrome using principal components analysis: The ATTICA study; Background Dietary habits have been associated with the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome. Objective The associations between foods or food patterns and the characteristics of the metabolic syndrome were evaluated. Design Cross-sectional survey. Subjects During 2001 to 2002, 1,514 men (aged 18 to 87 years) and 1,528 women (aged 18 to 89 years) without any clinical evidence of cardiovascular disease were randomly enrolled, from the Attica region in Greece. Main outcome measures Dietary habits were evaluated using a semiquantitative, food frequency questionnaire. Characteristics of the metabolic syndrome (ie, blood pressure, waist circumference, glucose, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) were also measured. Statistical analysis Principal components analysis was applied to extract dietary patterns from 22 foods or food groups. Multivariate regression analysis evaluated the associations between the extracted dietary patterns and characteristics of the metabolic syndrome. Results Six components were derived explaining 56% of the total variation in intake. Component 1 was characterized by the consumption of cereals, fish, legumes, vegetables, and fruits (explained variation 19.7%); component 2 was characterized by the intake of potatoes and meat (explained variation 11.7%), component 6 was characterized by alcohol intake (explained variation 4.8%), whereas the other components were mainly characterized by consumption of dairy and sweets. After adjusting for various confounders, component 1 was inversely associated with waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, triglycerides, positively associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and inversely with the likelihood of the metabolic syndrome (odds ratio [OR] 0.87, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.79 to 0.97), whereas components 2 and 6 were positively correlated with the previous indexes, and the likelihood of having the metabolic syndrome (OR 1.13, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.21 and OR 1.26, 95% CI 1.21 to 1.33). Conclusions A dietary pattern that includes cereals, fish, legumes, vegetables, and fruits was independently associated with reduced levels of clinical and biological markers linked to the metabolic syndrome, whereas meat and alcohol intake showed the opposite results.
Effect of cumin powder on body composition and lipid profile in overweight and obese women; Introduction: This study aimed to determine the effect of cumin powder on body composition and lipid profile in overweight and obese women. Materials & methods: In this randomized clinical trial, 88 overweight/obese women were randomly assigned into two groups. The experimental group was asked to have 3 g/d cumin powder with yogurt at two meals for 3 months. The same amount of yogurt minus cumin powder was prescribed for the control group. All patients received nutrition counseling for weight loss in a similar manner. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were determined before and after the intervention. Results: Cumin powder reduced serum levels of fasting cholesterol, triglyceride, and LDL and increased HDL. Weight, BMI, waist circumference, fat mass and its percentage significantly reduced. It has no effect on FBS and fat- free mass. Conclusion: Cumin powder in a weight reduction diet showed improvement in anthropometric and biochemical parameters in overweight/obese women. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Probiotic supplementation for management of cardiovascular risk factors in adults with type II diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background & aims: The effectiveness of probiotics in control of hypertension and dyslipidemia in diabetic patients remains unclear. Therefore, we systematically reviewed relevant data to elucidate the effects of probiotics on blood pressure and lipid profile of type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: We searched PubMed, ISI Web of Knowledge, Scopus, The Cochrane Library, ClinicalTrials.gov, ProQuest Dissertations and Theses databases until May 2016. The primary outcomes were systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides (TG). Other biochemical response and adverse effects were considered as secondary outcomes. Data was extracted, from included studies and pooled in meta-analysis whenever possible (both standardized mean difference (SMD) analysis and weighted mean difference (WMD) analysis were performed). Results: Eleven eligible randomized controlled trial (n = 641) were identified. Pooling data from these trials demonstrated probiotic consumption significantly decreased SBP (WMD, -3.28 mmHg; 95% conl fidence interval [CI], -5.38 to -1.18), DBP (WMD, -2.13 mmHg; 95% CI, -4.5 to 0.24), LDL-C (WMD, 8.32 mg/dl; 95% CI, -15.24 to -1.4), TC (WMD, -12.19 mg/dl; 955 CI -17.62 to 6.75) and TG (WMD, -24.48 mg/dl; 95% CI, -33.77 to -11.18) in type 2 diabetic patients compared with placebo. The methodological quality varied across trials included in this study. Conclusion: This systematic review suggests probiotics supplementation may be helpful for control of dyslipidemia and hypertension in type 2 diabetic patients. Conducting more trails with large sample size and long follow-up time still is necessary to develop clinical practice guidelines for management of cardiovascular risk factors in patient with type 2 diabetes. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
The impact of calcium and dairy product consumption on weight loss; Objective: Recent evidence suggests that diets high in calcium and dairy products are associated with lower body weight, particularly lower body fat levels. The purpose of this study was to compare weight and body fat loss on a calorie-restricted, low-dairy (CR) vs. high-dairy (CR+D) diet. Research Methods and Procedures: Fifty-four subjects (BMI 30 +/- 2.5 kg/m(2), 45 +/- 6.6 years, 4 men) were randomly assigned to calorie-restricted (-500 kcal/d) low-dairy calcium (n = 29; similar to 1 serving dairy/d, 500 mg/d calcium) or high-dairy calcium (n = 25; 3,to 4 servings dairy/d, 1200 to 1400 mg/d calcium) diets for 12 months. Main outcome measures included change in weight (kilograms) and body fat. (percentage). Results: There were no significant differences between groups at baseline. At 12 months, weight and body fat loss were not significantly different. Subjects in the CR vs. CR+D conditions lost 9.6 +/- 6.5 vs. 10.8 +/- 5.9 kg (p = 0.56) and 9.0 +/- 3.8 vs. 10.1 +/- 3.6 kg body fat (p = 0.37) Discussion: These findings suggest that a high-dairy calcium diet does not substantially improve weight loss beyond what can be achieved in a behavioral intervention.
The DASH diet enhances the blood pressure response to Losartan in hypertensive patients; Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet. which emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low fat dairy products, significantly lowers blood pressure (BP). We conducted a clinical trial to assess the BP response to the DASH diet with an antihypertensive medication, losartan, in participants with essential hypertension. Methods: A total of 55 hypertensive participants were randomly assigned to 8 weeks of controlled feeding with either a control diet or the DASH diet. Within each diet arm. participants received losartan 50 mg daily or placebo for 4 weeks each, in double blind, randomized, cross-over fashion. Twenty-four-hour ambulatory BP (ABP) was measured at the end of a 2-week run-in period (baseline) and after each 4-week intervention period. Results: There was no significant change in ABP during the placebo period on the control diet (n = 28) (-2.3 +/- 1.5/-1.6 +/- 1.0 mm Hg), but there was a significant reduction in systolic ABP (-5.3 +/- 1.5 rum Hg, P < .05) and no change in DBP (-2.5 +/- 1.0 mm Hg) on the DASH diet (n = 27). Losartan significantly reduced ABP on the control diet (-6.7 +/- 1.5/-3.7 +/- 1.0 mm Hg, P < .05) and to a greater extent on the DASH diet (-11.7 +/- 1.5/-6.9 +/- 1.0 mm Hg, P < .05 versus basal and control diet) particularly in African Americans. On the DASH diet, DeltaSBP on losartan was inversely related to basal plasma renin activity (n = -0.53, P = .004). Conclusions: The DASH diet enhances the ABP response to losartan in essential hypertension. This effect is particularly marked in African Americans. (C) 2003 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Hypotensive effect of fermented milk containing γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in subjects with high normal blood pressure; Hypotensive effects and safety of fermented milk containing GABA (FMG) were investigated in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical trial. The subjects were adult males and females with high normal blood pressure (systolic blood pressure, SBP; test group = 133,9 +/- 0.4mmHg, placebo group = 133.9 +/- 0.4. diastolic blood pressure, DBP; test group = 76.2 +/- 1.3 mmHg, placebo group = 77.0 +/- 1.2 mmHg), who were not taking hypotensive medicine. FMG and placebo were given to test group and placebo group, respectively, for 12 weeks. The results revealed that the SBP was significantly lowered after 8 weeks of feeding in the test group and that DBP was significantly lowered after 12 weeks. In contrast, no changes in SBP or DBP were observed in the placebo group. During the test, no abnormal changes were observed in the results of blood examination, urinalysis or physical examination. Also, no adverse reactions, such as digestive tract symptoms, dry coughing, or allergic phenomena, were observed. In conclusion, these results demonstrated the benefits and safety of the FMG in subjects with high normal pressure.
Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) reduced abdominal adipose tissue in obese middle-aged men with signs of the metabolic syndrome:: a randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Abdominal obesity is strongly related to metabolic disorders. Recent research suggests that dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) reduces body fat and may improve metabolic variables in animals. The metabolic effects of CLA in abdominally obese humans have not yet been tested. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the short-term effect of CLA on abdominal fat and cardiovascular risk factors in middle-aged men with metabolic disorders. METHODS: Twenty-five abdominally obese men (waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), 1.05 +/- 0.05; body mass index (BMI), 32 +/- 2.7 kg/m(2) (mean +/- s.d.)) who were between 39 and 64-y-old participated in a double-blind randomised controlled trial for 4 weeks. Fourteen men received 4.2 g CLA/day and 10 men recieved a placebo. The main endpoints were differences between the two groups in sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD), serum cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, free fatty acids, glucose and insulin. RESULTS: At baseline, there were no significant differences between groups in anthropometric or metabolic variables. After 4 weeks there was a significant decrease in SAD (cm) in the CLA group compared to placebo (P = 0.04, 95% CI; -1.12, -0.02). Other measurements of anthropometry or metabolism showed no significant differences between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that CLA supplementation for 4 weeks in obese men with the metabolic syndrome may decrease abdominal fat, without concomitant effects on overall obesity or other cardiovascular risk factors. Because of the limited sample size, the effects of CLA in abdominal obesity need to be further investigated in larger trials with longer duration.
Effects of Calcium Supplementation on Body Weight and Adiposity in Overweight and Obese Adults A Randomized Trial; Background: Some data suggest that increasing calcium intake may help prevent weight gain. Objective: To test the hypothesis that calcium supplementation can prevent weight gain in persons who are overweight or obese. Design: Randomized, placebo-controlled trial. Randomization was computer-generated, and allocation was assigned by pharmacy personnel who prepared intervention and placebo capsules. Participants, providers, and those who assessed outcomes were blinded to study group assignment. Setting: Single research center. Participants: 340 overweight (body mass index [BMI], 25 to <30 kg/m(2)) and obese (BMI >= 30 kg/m(2)) adults (mean age, 38.8 years [SD, 10.5]). Intervention: Calcium carbonate (elemental calcium, 1500 mg/d) (n = 170) or placebo (n = 170) with meals for 2 years. Measurements: Changes in body weight and fat mass (primary outcomes). Results: Seventy-five percent of participants completed the trial (78% received calcium; 73% received placebo). There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between the calcium and placebo groups in change in body weight (difference, 0.02 kg [95% CI, -1.64 to 1.69 kg]; P = 0.98), BMI (difference, 0.32 kg/m(2) [CI, -0.41 to 1.02 kg/m(2)]; P = 0.39), or body fat mass (difference, 0.39 kg [CI, -1.04 to 1.92 kg]; P = 0.55). Parathyroid hormone concentrations decreased in the calcium group compared with the placebo group (difference, -0.71 pmol/L [CI, -1.28 to -0.13 pmol/L]). Limitation: The study took place at a research center, and its sample was mostly women. Conclusion: Dietary supplementation with elemental calcium, 1500 mg/d, for 2 years had no statistically or clinically significant effects on weight in overweight and obese adults. Calcium supplementation is unlikely to have clinically significant efficacy as a preventive measure against weight gain in such patients.
The 2015 Dutch food-based dietary guidelines; The objective of this study was to derive food-based dietary guidelines for the Dutch population. The dietary guidelines are based on 29 systematic reviews of English language meta-analyses in PubMed summarizing randomized controlled trials and prospective cohort studies on nutrients, foods and food patterns and the risk of 10 major chronic diseases: coronary heart disease, stroke, heart failure, diabetes, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, lung cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, dementia and depression. The committee also selected three causal risk factors for cardiovascular diseases or diabetes: systolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and body weight. Findings were categorized as strong or weak evidence, inconsistent effects, too little evidence or effect unlikely for experimental and observational data separately. Next, the committee selected only findings with a strong level of evidence for deriving the guidelines. Convincing evidence was based on strong evidence from the experimental data either or not in combination with strong evidence from prospective cohort studies. Plausible evidence was based on strong evidence from prospective cohort studies only. A general guideline to eat a more plant food-based dietary pattern and limit consumption of animal-based food and 15 specific guidelines have been formulated. There are 10 new guidelines on legumes, nuts, meat, dairy produce, cereal products, fats and oils, tea, coffee and sugar-containing beverages. Three guidelines on vegetables, fruits, fish and alcoholic beverages have been sharpened, and the 2006 guideline on salt stayed the same. A separate guideline has been formulated on nutrient supplements. Completely food-based dietary guidelines can be derived in a systematic and transparent way.
Effects of Phytosterol Supplementation on Serum Levels of Lipid Profiles, Liver Enzymes, Inflammatory Markers, Adiponectin, and Leptin in Patients Affected by Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Considering the high prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and based on the evidence about the role of dietary cholesterol in liver inflammation, and also with regard to the effect of phytosterols on the metabolism of cholesterol, we aimed at exploring the therapeutic potential of phytosterol supplementation against nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Method: Thirty-eight patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were randomly divided into two groups: The phytosterol group (n = 19) received a 1.6-g phytosterol supplement daily and the control group (n = 19) received 1.6 g starch daily as placebo for an 8-week period. Blood samples of all patients were taken at baseline (week 0) and at the end of the study (week 8) for measurement of lipid profiles, liver enzymes, inflammatory markers, adiponectin, and leptin. Results: Phytosterol supplementation significantly improved the levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and tumor necrosis factor alpha compared to the placebo group. On the other hand, there were no significant differences between the two groups in total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, ratios of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, gamma-glutamyl transferase, interleukin 6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, adiponectin, and leptin. Conclusions: The present study suggested that daily consumption of 1.6 g phytosterols efficiently lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and tumor necrosis factor alpha in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Effects on blood pressure of reduced dietary sodium and the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet.; Background: The effect of dietary composition on blood pressure is a subject of public health importance. We studied the effect of different levels of dietary sodium, in conjunction with the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is rich in vegetables, fruits, and low-fat dairy products, in persons with and in those without hypertension. Methods: A total of 412 participants were randomly assigned to eat either a control diet typical of intake in the United States or the DASH diet. Within the assigned diet, participants ate foods with high, intermediate, and low levels of sodium for 30 consecutive days each, in random order. Results: Reducing the sodium intake from the high to the intermediate level reduced the systolic blood pressure by 2.1 mm Hg (P<0.001) during the control diet and by 1.3 mm Hg (P = 0.03) during the DASH diet. Reducing the sodium intake from the intermediate to the low level caused additional reductions of 4.6 mm Hg during the control diet (P<0.001) and 1.7 mm Hg during the DASH diet (P<0.01). The effects of sodium were observed in participants with and in those without hypertension, blacks and those of other races, and women and men. The DASH diet was associated with a significantly lower systolic blood pressure at each sodium level; and the difference was greater with high sodium levels than with low ones. As compared with the control diet with a high sodium level, the DASH diet with a low sodium level led to a mean systolic blood pressure that was 7.1 mm Hg lower in participants without hypertension, and 11.5 mm Hg lower in participants with hypertension. Conclusions: The reduction of sodium intake to levels below the current recommendation of 100 mmol per day and the DASH diet both lower blood pressure substantially, with greater effects in combination than singly. Long-term health benefits will depend on the ability of people to make long-lasting dietary changes and the increased availability of lower-sodium foods. (N Engl J Med 2001;344:3-10.) Copyright (C) 2001 Massachusetts Medical Society.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of casein protein hydrolysate (C12 peptide) in human essential hypertension; Background: Many patients seek complementary medicine treatments like neutraceuticals for common conditions such as hypertension. Methods: We conducted a placebo-controlled prospective randomized crossover study in 10 hypertensive subjects to determine whether a single dose of a hydrolysate of bovine milk protein (designated C12 peptide; low and high dose), either alone or combined with alginic acid (low and high dose), reduced daytime blood pressure (BP), as determined by ambulatory BP monitoring. Results: Within the five treatment regimens a significant reduction of 9.2 +/- 3.2 mm Hg in systolic BP at h 6 compared with h 2 occurred on the higher dose of alginic acid (1754 mg) combined with C12 (P = .02). The C12 peptide with the higher dose of alginic acid also showed a significant reduction of 6.0 +/- 2.0 mm Hg in diastolic BP at h 6 compared with h 2 (P = .015). Conclusions: These preliminary data are encouraging and deserve testing in a larger and longer treatment trial. (C) 2004 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Low-fat yogurt consumption reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and inhibits markers of endotoxin exposure in healthy premenopausal women: a randomised controlled trial; The anti-inflammatory mechanisms of low-fat dairy product consumption are largely unknown. The objective of this study was to determine whether low-fat yogurt reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in women. Premenopausal women (BMI 18.5-27 and 30-40 kg/m(2)) were randomised to consume 339 g of low-fat yogurt (yogurt non-obese (YN); yogurt obese (YO)) or 324 g of soya pudding (control non-obese; control obese (CO)) daily for 9 weeks (n 30/group). Fasting blood samples were analysed for IL-6, TNF-alpha/soluble TNF II (sTNF-RII), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, 2-arachidonoyl glycerol, anandamide, monocyte gene expression, soluble CD14 (sCD14), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), LPS binding protein (LBP), IgM endotoxin-core antibody (IgM EndoCAb), and zonulin. BMI, waist circumference and blood pressure were also determined. After 9-week yogurt consumption, YO and YN had decreased TNF-alpha/sTNFR-RII. Yogurt consumption increased plasma IgM EndoCAb regardless of obesity status. sCD14 was not affected by diet, but LBP/sCD14 was lowered by yogurt consumption in both YN and YO. Yogurt intervention increased plasma 2-arachidonoylglycerol in YO but not YN. YO peripheral blood mononuclear cells expression of NF-B inhibitor and transforming growth factor beta 1 increased relative to CO at 9 weeks. Other biomarkers were unchanged by diet. CO and YO gained approximately 0.9 kg in body weight. YO had 3.6 % lower diastolic blood pressure at week 3. Low-fat yogurt for 9 weeks reduced biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in premenopausal women compared with a non-dairy control food.
High-Protein Diet Containing Dairy Products is Associated with Low Body Mass Index and Glucose Concentrations: A Cross-Sectional Study; The aim was to evaluate whether the ingestion of a high protein diet containing dairy protein is associated with anthropometric indicators of adiposity and blood glucose. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted with volunteers of 20-89 years of age who performed leisure physical activity. We assessed dietary intake, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), triceps skinfold thickness (TSFT), random blood glucose as well as sociodemographic and behavioral variables. Results: A total of 418 individuals were evaluated. The consumption of a high-protein diet (1.80 +/- 0.49 g/kg/day) was found in 37.8% of individuals, which showed lower BMI, WC, TSFT and blood glucose concentrations compared to those with a low-protein diet (0.56 +/- 0.18 g/kg/day). Dairy products consumption was inversely associated with BMI when adjusted for sex and age (odds ratio (OR): 0.79, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.68-0.93, p = 0.004) and by sex, age, fiber and energy (OR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.67-0.92; p = 0.004), and with blood glucose when adjusted for sex and age (OR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.74-0.99; p = 0.042). Cheese consumption was inversely associated with blood glucose when adjusted for sex and age (OR: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.55-0.96, p = 0.023) and by sex, age, calories and fibers (OR: 0.74, 95% CI: 0.56-0.98, p = 0.036). Two portions of cheeses/day reduced the risk of having high blood glucose levels by approximately 80%. Conclusion: A high-protein diet containing dairy food, in particular two servings of cheese, was associated with low BMI and random glucose concentration.
Fat versus carbohydrate in insulin resistance, obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review This review assesses the relative effect of fat versus carbohydrate and the differences between fatty acids and types of carbohydrate on insulin resistance and associated risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Recent findings The debate continues over whether high-carbohydrate or high-fat diets have the more deleterious metabolic effects. Large randomized controlled trials have shown that a reduction of fat intake as part of a healthy lifestyle combined with weight reduction and exercise reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes. Carbohydrate as fruit and vegetable together with low-fat dairy products reduce blood pressure. The results of trials of fatty acid type continue to favor the use of monounsaturated fats. However, the advantages over carbohydrate have not always been clear. In terms of carbohydrate, the glycemic index appears to be a better predictor of the metabolic effects of a diet than the sugar content. The fiber content of the carbohydrate food appears to confer benefits in terms of diabetic control. Lower cholesterol and postprandial blood glucose results are associated with viscous fibers. Summary Diets that are higher in monounsaturated fatty acids, fiber and low glycemic index foods appear to have advantages in insulin resistance, glycemic control and blood lipids in a number of studies. The division of nutrients into total fat (regardless of fatty acids) versus carbohydrate (type and quantity not specified) appears to be less helpful in predicting outcomes.
Effects of equol on deoxycorticosterone acetate salt-induced hypertension and associated vascular dementia in rats; Oxidative stress is the major cause of neuronal cell degeneration observed in neurodegenerative diseases including vascular dementia (VaD), and hypertension has been found to increase the probability of VaD. Here, we investigated the effects of equol in deoxycorticosterone acetate (DOCA)-salt-induced hypertensive rats (DHRs) and the associated VaD. The systolic blood pressure of rats treated with low-(10 mg per kg body weight) and high-dose (20 mg per kg body weight) equol for 4 weeks was lower than that of the control group by 12.18 and 17.48% in a dose-dependent manner, respectively (p < 0.05), which was regulated by inhibiting angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity and increasing the nitric oxide (NO) production. Equol-treated DHRs showed a significant decrease in both the swimming distance and time required to reach the escape platform (78.20 to 82.56%, p < 0.05). In addition, the probe trial session and working memory test indicated that equol improved the long-and short-term memory of the rats. Moreover, the brain antioxidant activity was increased by elevating the activities of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT) and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) levels, and the malondialdehyde (MDA) content and acetylcholinesterase (AChE) activity were decreased, indicating that equol suppressed oxidative stress. In conclusion, we demonstrated that equol exhibited comparable blood pressure (BP)-lowering and VaD-improving effects with the clinically used drug, lisinopril in DHRs while there was a positive correlation between the doses. Therefore, this bioactive compound may be useful for developing functional foods, thereby extending the application of equol-containing crops.
<i>Lactobacillus fermentum</i> and <i>Lactobacillus amylovorus</i> as probiotics alter body adiposity and gut microflora in healthy persons; Modification of gut microflora has been reported as altering energy and lipid homeostasis, leading to changes in body composition. We evaluated whether consumption of Lactobacillus amylovorus (LA) and Lactobacillus fermentum (LF) as novel probiotics alters body adiposity through modification of gut microflora. Healthy, but overweight participants (n = 28) consumed yogurt containing 1.39 x 10(9) colony-forming unit (CPU) microencapsulated LA, 1.08 x 10(9) CFU microencapsulated LF, or a control yogurt using a randomized, double-blind crossover design. Body composition measurements showed that body fat mass was reduced in all treatments, with the greatest reduction from LA consumption. Bacterial distribution of gut microflora determined a significant reduction in the abundance of Clostridial cluster IV from LA consumption and significant increases in the abundance of Lactobacillus in both LF and LA treatments. The results suggest that modulation of gut microbial composition from probiotic consumption may contribute to altered energy metabolism and body composition. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
High dietary intake of whole milk and full-fat dairy products does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated blood pressure; Regular consumption of low- and nonfat dairy products reduces blood pressure (BP) in adults with elevated BP. Currently, it is unknown if conventional full-fat dairy products exert similar hypotensive effects. We hypothesized that adding full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce seated office and ambulatory BP (primary outcome) in adults with elevated BP when compared with a no dairy control. Using a randomized controlled crossover design, 60 adults with elevated systolic BP (systolic/diastolic BP: 120-159/<99 mm Hg) participated in a 4-week high-dairy (4 servings a day of full-fat dairy products + regular diet) and a 4-week no-dairy condition (plant-based food items + regular diet) separated by a 2-week washout period. Data were analyzed based on time, condition, and sex. Seated office systolic BP did not change significantly in either condition. There were no changes in systolic BP in male or female participants across either dietary period. Ambulatory (24-hour) systolic BP did not change significantly in the high-dairy (133 +/- 2 vs 131 +/- 1 mm Hg) or no-dairy conditions (132 +/- 2 vs 131 +/- 1 mm Hg). No significant changes were observed for diastolic BP or pulse pressure during condition for office or ambulatory measures. The solitary addition of full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated BP when compared to the no-dairy control. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET); Adamsson V, Reumark A, Fredriksson I-B, Hammarstrom E, Vessby B, Johansson G, Riserus U (Uppsala University, Uppsala; Lantmannen R&D, Stockholm; Bollnas Heart Clinic, Mitt Hjarta, Bollnas; Halmstad University, Halmstad, Sweden). Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET). J Intern Med 2011; 269: 150-159. Objective. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of a healthy Nordic diet (ND) on cardiovascular risk factors. Design and subjects. In a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET) conducted in Sweden, 88 mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects were randomly assigned to an ad libitum ND or control diet (subjects' usual Western diet) for 6 weeks. Participants in the ND group were provided with all meals and foods. Primary outcome measurements were low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and secondary outcomes were blood pressure (BP) and insulin sensitivity (fasting insulin and homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance). The ND was rich in high-fibre plant foods, fruits, berries, vegetables, whole grains, rapeseed oil, nuts, fish and low-fat milk products, but low in salt, added sugars and saturated fats. Results. The ND contained 27%, 52%, 19% and 2% of energy from fat, carbohydrate, protein and alcohol, respectively. In total, 86 of 88 subjects randomly assigned to diet completed the study. Compared with controls, there was a decrease in plasma cholesterol (-16%, P < 0.001), LDL cholesterol (-21%, P < 0.001), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (-5%, P < 0.01), LDL/HDL (-14%, P < 0.01) and apolipoprotein (apo)B/apoA1 (-1%, P < 0.05) in the ND group. The ND reduced insulin (-9%, P = 0.01) and systolic BP by -6.6 +/- 13.2 mmHg (-5%, P < 0.05) compared with the control diet. Despite the ad libitum nature of the ND, body weight decreased after 6 weeks in the ND compared with the control group (-4%, P < 0.001). After adjustment for weight change, the significant differences between groups remained for blood lipids, but not for insulin sensitivity or BP. There were no significant differences in diastolic BP or triglyceride or glucose concentrations. Conclusions. A healthy ND improves blood lipid profile and insulin sensitivity and lowers blood pressure at clinically relevant levels in hypercholesterolaemic subjects.
Relationship between blood pressure and physical activity in adults 20 to 65 years old; A healthy diet, physically active lifestyle and maintaining normal weight constitute the cornerstones of prevention of several chronic diseases. The objective of this study is to determine the relationship between physical activity, Consumption of fruits and vegetables, high blood pressure. In this descriptive-analytical study, 1452 citizens (744 men and 708 women) in Sabzevar (Khorasan Razavi Province) aged between 20 to 65 years old were randomly selected in 2016. The population completed the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ) and their systolic and diastolic blood pressure was measured using a Digital Blood Pressure Monitor. Details of the nutritional status of the subjects under sex. SPSS software was used to analyze data. In the present study, the dairy consumption of the majority of people (48.1%) had a share of dairy consumption per day (milk and yogurt, cheese, cream and cheese), and 46.9% of the subjects were less than one share per day Dairy products. This study revealed that the level of physical activity is low in 46.2% of men and 44.2% of women that is less than 600 MET per week. In addition, 0.059% of the total population suffered from systolic blood pressure above 140 mm Hg and 10% of the total population had a diastolic blood pressure above 90 mm Hg.
Effects of Sodium Reduction and the DASH Diet in Relation to Baseline Blood Pressure; BACKGROUND Both sodium reduction and the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, lower blood pressure. The separate and combined effects of these dietary interventions by baseline blood pressure (BP) has not been reported. OBJECTIVES The authors compared the effects of low versus high sodium, DASH versus control, and both (low sodium-DASH vs. high sodium-control diets) on systolic blood pressure (SBP) by baseline BP. METHODS In the DASH-Sodium (Dietary Patterns, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure) trial, adults with pre- or stage 1 hypertension and not using antihypertensive medications, were randomized to either DASH or a control diet. On either diet, participants were fed each of 3 sodium levels (50, 100, and 150 mmol/day at 2,100 kcal) in random order over 4 weeks separated by 5-day breaks. Strata of baseline SBP were < 130, 130 to 139, 140 to 149, and $ 150 mm Hg. RESULTS Of 412 participants, 57% were women, and 57% were black; mean age was 48 years, and mean SBP/diastolic BP was 135/86 mm Hg. In the context of the control diet, reducing sodium (from high to low) was associated with mean SBP differences of -3.20, -8.56, -8.99, and -7.04 mm Hg across the respective baseline SBP strata listed (p for trend =0.004). In the context of high sodium, consuming the DASH compared with the control diet was associated with mean SBP differences of -4.5, -4.3, -4.7, and -10.6 mm Hg, respectively (p for trend -0.66). The combined effects of the low sodium-DASH diet versus the high sodium-control diet on SBP were -5.3, -7.5, -9.7, and -20.8 mm Hg, respectively (p for trend < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS The combination of reduced sodium intake and the DASH diet lowered SBP throughout the range of pre-and stage 1 hypertension, with progressively greater reductions at higher levels of baseline SBP. SBP reductions in adults with the highest levels of SBP ($ 150 mm Hg) were striking and reinforce the importance of both sodium reduction and the DASH diet in this high-risk group. Further research is needed to determine the effects of these interventions among adults with SBP $ 160 mm Hg. (Dietary Patterns, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure [DASH-Sodium]; (C) 2017 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
The effects of dietary patterns on plasma renin activity: results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial; A diet rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat, total fat and cholesterol (the 'DASH' diet) significantly lowers blood pressure (BP). Previous studies have documented that certain therapies that lower BP increase plasma renin activity (PRA). Using data from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on PRA and determined the relationship of change in PRA with change in BP on each diet. After eating a control diet for 3 weeks, participants were then randomized to receive for 8 weeks: the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (F/V), or the DASH diet. Baseline and follow-up levels of PRA were available in 381 participants. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet increased PRA by 0.37 ng ml(-1) h(-1) (P = 0.01). In multivariable linear regression analyses, there was an inverse association of PRA change with systolic BP change on the control diet (slope = -0.35, P = 0.001), but PRA did not differ by BP change on the F/V diet (slope = -0.002, P = 0.98) or DASH diet (slope = -0.08, P = 0.32). These data suggest that a blunted counter-regulatory response of the renin-angiotensin system is associated with the BP-lowering effect of the F/V and DASH diets. Journal of Human Hypertension (2012) 26, 664-669; doi: 10.1038/jhh.2011.87; published online 3 November 2011
Effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on the pressure-natriuresis relationship; Blood pressure-lowering mechanisms of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, were analyzed based on the pressure-natriuresis relationship. Participants (n=375) were randomly assigned to control or DASH diet groups by using a parallel-group design. They then ate their assigned diet for 3 consecutive 30-day intervention feeding periods, during which sodium intake varied among 3 levels by a randomly assigned sequence. Urinary sodium excretion rate and mean arterial pressure were measured at the end of each sodium intake level. Mean arterial pressure and urinary sodium excretion were plotted on x and y axes, respectively, for participants eating control and DASH diets and were modeled as linear relationships for simplicity to allow the estimation of the extrapolated x-intercept and slope of the relationships. The DASH diet steepened the slope of the relationship (29.5+/-3.4 vs 64.9+/-13.1 [mmol/d]/mm Hg, P=0.0002) without significantly shifting the x-intercept (94.1+/-0.5 vs 93.2+/-0.6 mm Hg, NS) of the relationship. These data suggest a natriuretic action of the DASH diet.
Are there specific treatments for the metabolic syndrome?; The concept of the metabolic syndrome, although controversial, continues to gain acceptance. Whereas each risk factor of the metabolic syndrome (visceral obesity, atherogenetic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, and dysglycemia) can be dealt with individually, the recommended initial therapeutic approach is to focus on reversing its root causes of atherogenetic diet, sedentary lifestyle, and overweight or obesity. No single diet is currently recommended for patients with the metabolic syndrome, although epidemiologic evidence suggests a lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome associated with dietary patterns rich in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, dairy products, and unsaturated fats. We conducted a literature search to identify clinical trials specifically dealing with the resolution of the metabolic syndrome by lifestyle, drugs, or obesity surgery. Criteria used for study selection were English language, randomized trials with a placebo or control group (except for surgery), a follow-up lasting >= 6 mo, and a time frame of 5 y. We identified 3 studies based on lifestyle interventions, 5 studies based on drug therapy, and 3 studies based on laparoscopic weight-reduction surgery The striking resolution of the metabolic syndrome with weight-reduction surgery (93%) as compared with lifestyle (25%) and drugs (19%) strongly suggests that obesity is the driving force for the occurrence of this condition. Although there is no "all-inclusive" diet yet, it seems plausible that a Mediterranean-style diet has most of the desired attributes, including a lower content of refined carbohydrates, a high content of fiber, a moderate content of fat (mostly unsaturated), and a moderate-to-high content of vegetable proteins.
Lifestyle modifications to prevent and manage hypertension for exercise physiologists and fitness professionals; Information tailored to the interest of exercise physiologists and fitness professionals is provided regarding the Canadian Hypertension Society's 2005 evidence-based recommendations on lifestyle modfications for the prevention and management of hypertension. The evidence from randomized controlled (RC) trials and systematic reviews of RC trials published in peer reviewed journals was reviewed by subject matter experts and then appraised independently by content and methodology experts. Blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome. All recommendations were debated and then voted on by the 43 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program's Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force and achieved at least 95% consensus. Lifestyle modifications to prevent and/or manage hypertension include: (1) perform 30-60 minutes of aerobic exercise on 4-7 days of the week; (2) maintain a healthy body weight (BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (< 102 cm for men and < 88 cm for women); (3) limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 standard drinks per week in men or 9 standard drinks per week in women; (4)follow a diet that emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and which is reduced in fat and cholesterol (DASH diet); (5) restrict salt intake; and (6) consider stress management in selected individuals.
Effect of Low-Energy-Dense Diet Rich in Multiple Functional Foods on Weight-Loss Maintenance, Inflammation, and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: There are no investigations regarding the effects of consuming low-energy-dense diets rich in multiple functional foods on weight-loss maintenance, inflammatory markers, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors simultaneously.Method: This randomized controlled trial design was conducted on 90 men and women who were under a previous weight loss diet. Three months of intervention with recruitment at Allzahra Hospital, Isfahan, Iran, was done. Intervention was conducted following achieving 7-11kg weight loss. Participants were encouraged to consumed these three: an isocaloric control diet (50% of energy from carbohydrate, 35% from fat, 15% from protein), a low-glycemic-index diet (LE) (60% from carbohydrate, 25% from fat, and 15% from protein), and a low-glycemic-index diet rich in multiple functional foods (LE + FF) (60% from carbohydrate, 25% from fat, and 15% from protein). Fasting blood glucose, serum insulin level, lipid profiles, inflammatory markers, adiponectin, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and anthropometric measurements were assessed using standard guidelines.Results: The percent changes of weight, waist, and body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure, malondialdehyde (MDA), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor (TNF) , total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglyceride, and fasting blood glucose (FBS) were substantially more decreased in the LE + FF group compared to the LE and control groups (p 0.03). Percent change of adiponectin among the LE + FF group was significantly more enhanced (7.29 0.10) compared with the LE group (1.28 +/- 0.20) (p = 0.001). Significantly more increment in the percent change of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (6.91 +/- 0.10) was obtained among the LE + FF group compared to the LE group (1.79 +/- 0.04).Conclusions: This study provides established evidence supporting the beneficial effects of a low-energy-dense diet rich in multiple functional foods diet on improving weight-loss maintenance, inflammation, and cardiovascular risk factors.
The effects of proteins and medium-chain fatty acids from milk on body composition, insulin sensitivity and blood pressure in abdominally obese adults; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether intake of whey protein and butter naturally enriched in medium-chain fatty acids (MC-SFAs) (C6-C12) affected body composition, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure (BP) and plasma cholesterol concentrations. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A 12-week randomised, double-blinded, intervention study was completed in 52 abdominally obese adults. Subjects were assigned to one of four dietary supplementations: 63 g per day of milk fat with either high-( 8.5 g per day) or low-MCSFA (6.9 g per day) content combined with 60 g per day of whey or casein. We examined changes in the body composition by dualenergy X-ray absorption scan, insulin sensitivity using homoeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda index, and diurnal BP and plasma cholesterol concentrations. Two-factor analysis of variance was used to examine the impact of MC-SFA content and protein type. RESULTS: We observed that lean body mass increased by 981 g (95% confidence interval (CI): 248-1713; P=0.010) after high-MCSFA compared with low- MC-SFA supplementation. Concomitantly, total body-fat percentage increased by 0.70 percentage points ( 95% CI: 0.10-1.31; P=0.024) after intake of low- MC-SFA butter compared with intake of high- MC-SFA butter. Both changes were independent of protein type (P=0.96 and P=0.99, respectively). We found no difference in HOMA-IR, Matsuda index, diurnal BP or plasma cholesterol concentrations related to MC-SFA content or protein type. CONCLUSIONS: Enhanced intake of MC-SFA increased the lean body mass and caused a significantly lower total body-fat percentage compared with lower intake of MC-SFA. Consequently, the composition of dairy fat should be considered when evaluating the impact of dairy products on body composition.
<i>Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus</i> FM9 and <i>Limosilactobacillus fermentum</i> Y57 Are as Effective as Statins at Improving Blood Lipid Profile in High Cholesterol, High-Fat Diet Model in Male Wistar Rats; Elevated serum cholesterol is a major risk factor for coronary heart diseases. Some Lactobacillus strains with cholesterol-lowering potential have been isolated from artisanal food products. The purpose of this study was to isolate probiotic Lactobacillus strains from traditional yoghurt (dahi) and yogurt milk (lassi) and investigate the impact of these strains on the blood lipid profile and anti-obesity effect in a high cholesterol high fat diet model in Wistar rats. Eight candidate probiotic strains were chosen based on in vitro probiotic features and cholesterol reduction ability. By 16S rDNA sequencing, these strains were identified as Limosilactibacillus fermentum FM6, L. fermentum FM16, L. fermentum FM12, Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus FM9, L. fermentum Y55, L. fermentum Y57, L. rhamnosus Y59, and L. fermentum Y63. The safety of these strains was investigated by feeding 2 x 10(8) CFU/mL in saline water for 28 days in a Wistar rat model. No bacterial translocation or any other adverse effects were observed in animals after administration of strains in water, which indicates the safety of strains. The cholesterol-lowering profile of these probiotics was evaluated in male Wistar rats using a high-fat, high-cholesterol diet (HFCD) model. For 30 days, animals were fed probiotic strains in water with 2 x 10(8) CFU/mL/rat/day, in addition to a high fat, high cholesterol diet. The cholesterol-lowering effects of various probiotic strains were compared to those of statin. All strains showed improvement in total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides, and weight gain. Serum cholesterol levels were reduced by 9% and 8% for L. rhamnosus FM9 and L. fermentum Y57, respectively, compared to 5% for the statin-treated group. HDL levels significantly improved by 46 and 44% for L. rhamnosus FM9 and L. fermentum Y57, respectively, compared to 46% for the statin-treated group. Compared to the statin-treated group, FM9 and Y57 significantly reduced LDL levels by almost twofold. These findings show that these strains can improve blood lipid profiles as effectively as statins in male Wistar rats. Furthermore, probiotic-fed groups helped weight control in animals on HFCD, indicating the possible anti-obesity potential of these strains. These strains can be used to develop food products and supplements to treat ischemic heart diseases and weight management. Clinical trials, however, are required to validate these findings.
PREVALENCE OF SELECTED CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE RISK-FACTORS IN 35-54-YEAR-OLD MALES AND FEMALES IN 8 IOWA COUNTIES; The purpose of this study was to examine prevalence of selected cardiovascular disease risk factors in eight Iowa counties. From a random sample of 35-54-year-old males and females in eight counties, data were collected on smoking, blood pressure, exercise, body weight, and diet. Thirty-one percent of the females and 29% of the males were current smokers. Twenty-two percent had elevated blood pressure on a single measure and 55% of these were previously undetected. Twenty-eight percent engaged in regular exercise. The most popular forms of exercise were walking and bicycling. The prevalence of overweight in females and males was 36 and 46%, respectively. Percentage of males classified as overweight was higher than in national studies. Twenty-four-hour dietary recalls showed males receiving at least 100% of their RDAs for eight indicator nutrients and females receiving at least 100% of the RDAs for all but calcium and iron. The diet appeared to be higher in fat (39% energy from fat) and saturated fat (P/S = 0.46) than the national diet and to include less consumption of low-fat dairy products and fish.
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid supplementation on weight loss and body fat composition in a Chinese population; Objective: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has several benefits, including body fat reduction, as proved in animals. However, the results of CIA-induced body composition alterations in humans are inconsistent, and no related data are available for Chinese populations. This study aimed to determine whether CLA affects body weight (BW) loss and body composition of overweight and obese Chinese subjects. Methods: In this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, subjects with a body mass index (BMI) of 24 to 35 kg/m(2) randomly received 1.7 g of cis-9,trans-11 and trans-10,cis-12 CIA (n = 30) or placebo (salad oil: n = 33) in 200 mL of sterilized milk twice daily for 12 wk. Changes in body composition were determined by bioimpedance measurements. Results: Sixty-three subjects completed the study (CIA, n = 30). After 12 wk, compared with the baseline, the BW, BMI, total fat mass, fat percentage, subcutaneous fat mass, and waist-to-hip ratio decreased in the CIA group (P < 0.05). The CIA group was stratified by BMI and gender. The BW, BMI, subcutaneous fat mass, and waist-to-hip ratio decreased in 27 subjects with a BMI >= 27, and these indices, except subcutaneous fat mass, were lower in female subjects. The levels of total cholesterol, triacylglycerol, low-density lipoprotein, and plasma fasting glucose increased, whereas those of high-density lipoprotein decreased after 3 mo of CIA treatment. The changes were not significantly different from the baseline values. Conclusion: The supplementation of CIA for 12 wk in overweight and grade I obese Chinese subjects yielded lower obesity indices, with no obvious adverse effects. Crown Copyright (C) 2012 Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy calcium is related to changes in body composition during a two-year exercise intervention in young women; Objective: Relationships between micronutrients and dairy product intake and changes in body weight and composition over two years were investigated. Design: Two year prospective non-concurrent analysis of the effect of calcium intake on changes in body composition during a two year exercise intervention. Subjects: 54 normal weight young women, 18 to 31 years of age. Measures of Outcome: Mean intakes of nutrients of interest were determined from three-day diet records completed at baseline and every six months for two years. The change in total body weight and body composition (assessed by dual x-ray absorptiometry) from baseline to two years was also determined. Results: Total calcium/kilocalories and vitamin A together predicted (negatively and positively, respectively) changes in body weight (R-2 = 0.19) and body fat (R-2 = 0.27). Further, there was an interaction of calcium and energy intake in predicting changes in body weight, such that, only at lower energy intakes, calcium intake (not adjusted for energy) predicted changes in body weight. Conclusions: Regardless of exercise group assignment, calcium adjusted for energy intake had a negative relationship and vitamin A intake a positive relationship with two year changes in total body weight and body fat in young women aged 18 to 31 years. Thus, subjects with high calcium intake, corrected by total energy intake, and lower vitamin A intake gained less weight and body fat over two years in this randomized exercise intervention trial.
Association of lactase persistence genotype with milk consumption, obesity and blood pressure: a Mendelian randomization study in the 1982 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort, with a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Milk intake has been associated with lower blood pressure (BP) in observational studies, and randomized controlled trials suggested that milk-derived tripeptides have BP-lowering effects. Milk intake has also been associated with body mass index (BMI). Nevertheless, it is unclear whether increasing milk consumption would reduce BP in the general population. Methods: We investigated the association of milk intake with obesity and BP using genetically-defined lactase persistence (LP) based on the rs4988235 polymorphism in a Mendelian randomization design in the 1982 Pelotas (Southern Brazil) Birth Cohort. These results were combined with published reports identified through a systematic review using meta-analysis. Results: In the 1982 Pelotas Birth Cohort, milk intake was 42 [95% confidence interval (CI): 18; 67) ml/day higher in LP individuals. In conventional observational analysis, each 1-dl/day increase in milk intake was associated with -0.26 (95% CI: -0.33; -0.19) kg/m(2) in BMI and -0.31 (95% CI: -0.46; -0.16) and -0.35 (95% CI: -0.46; -0.23) mmHg in systolic and diastolic BP, respectively. These results were not corroborated when analysing LP status, but confidence intervals were large. In random effects meta-analysis, LP individuals presented higher BMI [0.17 (95% CI: 0.07; 0.27) kg/m(2)] and higher odds of overweight-obesity [1.09 (95% CI: 1.02; 1.17)]. There were no reliable associations for BP. Conclusions: Our study supports that LP is positively associated with obesity, suggesting that the negative association of milk intake with obesity is likely due to limitations of conventional observational studies. Our findings also do not support that increased milk intake leads to lower BP.
Milk Enriched with Conjugated Linoleic Acid Fails to Alter Blood Lipids or Body Composition in Moderately Overweight, Borderline Hyperlipidemic Individuals; Background: Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) represents a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The effects of dietary CLA on blood lipids and body composition in humans remain controversial. Objective: To examine whether consumption of milk enriched naturally or synthetically with cis 9, trans 11 (c-9, t-11) and trans 10, cis 12 (t-10, c-12) CLA isomers alters blood lipid indices, including concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triacyglycerol; indices of liver function including plasma alanine transaminase and total bilirubin; C-reactive protein; tumor necrosis factor-alpha; and body weight and composition in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic humans. Design: A randomized, 3-phase, crossover, single-blind clinical trial was carried out in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic individuals who consumed (1) milk naturally enriched in CLA (4.2%) containing c-9, t-11 only providing 1.3 g/d of CLA; (2) milk enriched with a 4.2% synthetic mixture of t-10, c-12 and c-9, t-11 CLA isomers providing 1.3 g/d of CLA; or (3) untreated milk as a control providing 0.2 g/d CLA. Dietary phases were each 8 weeks in duration and were separated by 4-week washout periods. Plasma lipid levels were measured in blood samples collected at the beginning and end of each dietary phase. Magnetic resonance imaging was carried out at the beginning and end of each dietary phase to assess any changes in regional body fat composition. Results: Compared with the control intervention, consumption of the two CLA-enriched milks failed to alter plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or triacyglycerol concentrations; body weight; or fat composition. CLA consumption did not significantly affect plasma alanine transaminase, total bilirubin, C-reactive protein, or tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations. Conclusion: Results from this study fail to support the role of milk enriched naturally with CLA containing c-9, t-11 or synthetically with c-9, t-11 and t-10, c-12 CLA isomers in modulation of lipid profiles or body composition in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic individuals.
Probiotic Properties of <i>Lactobacillus</i> Strains Isolated from Tibetan Kefir Grains; The objective of this study was to evaluate the functional properties of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) isolated from Tibetan kefir grains. Three Lactobacillus isolates identified as Lactobacillus acidophilus LA15, Lactobacillus plantarum B23 and Lactobacillus kefiri D17 that showed resistance to acid and bile salts were selected for further evaluation of their probiotic properties. The 3 selected strains expressed high in vitro adherence to Caco-2 cells. They were sensitive to gentamicin, erythromycin and chloramphenicol and resistant to vancomycin with MIC values of 26 mg/ml. All 3 strains showed potential bile salt hydrolase (BSH) activity, cholesterol assimilation and cholesterol co-precipitation ability. Additionally, the potential effect of these strains on plasma cholesterol levels was evaluated in Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats. Rats in 4 treatment groups were fed the following experimental diets for 4 weeks: a high-cholesterol diet, a high-cholesterol diet plus LA15, a high-cholesterol diet plus B23 or a high-cholesterol diet plus D17. The total cholesterol, triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in the serum were significantly (P<0.05) decreased in the LAB-treated rats compared with rats fed a high-cholesterol diet without LAB supplementation. The high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in groups B23 and D17 were significantly (P<0.05) higher than those in the control and LA15 groups. Additionally, both fecal cholesterol and bile acid levels were significantly (P<0.05) increased after LAB administration. Fecal lactobacilli counts were significantly (P<0.05) higher in the LAB treatment groups than in the control groups. Furthermore, the 3 strains were detected in the rat small intestine, colon and feces during the feeding trial. The bacteria levels remained high even after the LAB administration had been stopped for 2 weeks. These results suggest that these strains may be used in the future as probiotic starter cultures for manufacturing novel fermented foods.
Effects of dairy products consumption on weight loss and blood chemistry in premenopausal obese women; Objectives: To determine the effects of dairy calcium on changes in body weight and body fat mass in obese women on a weight-loss diet. Methods: The non-randomised controlled study was conducted at Sivas Government Hospital, Turkey, between January and March 2010, and comprised obese women outpatients coming to the Nutrition and Diet Clinic. The participants were assigned to three groups according to their intake of dairy products as control, low dairy and high dairy groups. Measurements of anthropometry, blood pressure and analysis of blood chemistry were done before and after the intervention. Results: The mean age of the 65 women was 33.10 +/- 6.18 years. There were 20(30.7%) women in control group, 22(33.8%) in high dairy group and 23(35.3%) in low dairy group. At the end of the study, body weight, body mass index, waist and hip circumferences, waist/hip ratio, body fat percentage, and fat mass significantly decreased within the groups (p<0.001) whereas no difference was determined between the groups. Plasma total cholesterol levels decreased (p<0.05, p<0.001) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased (p<0.05) in the two intervention groups. Systolic blood pressure was negatively correlated with dairy calcium (?=0.460, p<0.05). Conclusions: In women following a weight-loss programme, increasing the amount of dairy products was not effective in improving weight-loss compared to calorie restriction alone.
Calcium and weight: Clinical studies; Data from six observational studies and three controlled trials in which calcium intake was the independent variable (and either bone mass or blood pressure the original outcome variable) have been reanalyzed to evaluate the effect of calcium intake on body weight and body fat. Analysis reveals a consistent effect of higher calcium intakes, expressed as lower body fat and/or body weight, and reduced weight gain at midlife. Similarly, studies relating nutrient intake to body composition report negative associations between calcium intake and body weight at midlife and between calcium and body fat accumulation during childhood. There is a fairly consistent effect size, with each 300 mg increment in regular calcium intake associated with similar to 1 kg less body fat in children and 2.5-3.0 kg lower body weight in adults. Taken together these data suggest that increasing calcium intake by the equivalent of two dairy servings per day could reduce the risk of overweight substantially, perhaps by as much as 70 percent.
Increased consumption of calcium from fat-free milk, energy-restricted diet and educational activities improves metabolic control in overweight type 2 diabetic patients; We assessed the effects of increased Ca consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet and educational activities in the metabolic control of overweight type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Fourteen subjects with T2DM (BMI 29 center dot 4 (sd 4 center dot 5) kg/m(2), low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects were randomly allocated to one of the two interventions: drink containing 700 mg of Ca (DAIR) or drink containing 0 mg of Ca (CONT) for ninety consecutive days each. Energy-restricted diets (-500 kcal/d; -2092 kJ/d), containing 800 mg of Ca from dietary sources/d, were prescribed for both groups. Questionnaires were applied at baseline and at the end of the study to assess the subjects' knowledge on the disease and on self-care, biochemical variables and physical activity. Blood pressure, food intake, body composition and anthropometry were assessed at baseline, days 45 and 90. There was a higher reduction of body fat %, waist circumference, hip circumference, neck circumference, waist:hip ratio, sagittal abdominal diameter, diastolic/systolic blood pressure and an increase in fat-free mass % in DAIR than in CONT. Uric acid, fasting glucose, Hb1Ac, parathyroid hormone and alanine aminotransferase concentrations reduced and vitamin D concentration increased after 90 d in DAIR compared with CONT. The consumption of energy-restricted diet containing 1200 mg Ca/d seems to favour metabolic control in subjects with T2DM. The educational activities increased the knowledge on the disease care.
Nutrition education in postmenopausal women: Changes in dietary and cardiovascular indices; Objective: The aim of the current study was to examine whether a diet rich in dairy products followed by a nutrition education program for the prevention of osteoporosis could have any adverse effect on certain cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors over a 5-month intervention period. Methods: A total sample of 82 women (55-65 years old) was randomized to a dietary intervention group (IG: n = 42), attending biweekly nutrition education program and provided with low-fat, fortified dairy products and to a control group (CG: n = 40). Changes in dietary, biochemical and clinical indices related to CVD were determined at the end of the 5-month intervention period. Results: The IG was found to have a higher decrease in the percentage of energy intake derived from total fat and a higher increase in the intake of calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and potassium compared to the CG (p < 0.05). Furthermore, the IG subjects were found to have a lower increase in BMI (0.7 +/- 0.1 versus 1.4 +/- 0.2 Kg/m(2), p = 0.011) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (2.5 +/- 2.9 versus 7.8 +/- 2.2 mmHg, p = 0.040) and a higher decrease in serum total cholesterol (-5.2 +/- 3.3 versus 6.9 +/- 5.1 mg/dl, p = 0.042) and LDL-cholesterol levels (-20.0 +/- 2.6 versus -12.4 +/- 4.2 mg/dl, p = 0.034) compared to the CG. Conclusions: The findings of the current study indicate that a dietary intervention aiming to minimize the risk for osteoporosis did not have any adverse effects on CVD risk factors. On the contrary, it has induced favourable changes in BMI, serum lipids and SBP. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and safety of dietary supplements containing CLA for the treatment of obesity: evidence from animal and human studies; Dietary supplements containing conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) are widely promoted as weight loss agents available over the counter and via the Internet. In this review, we evaluate the efficacy and safety of CLA supplementation based on peer-reviewed published results from randomized, placebo-controlled, human intervention trials lasting more than 4 weeks. We also review findings from experimental studies in animals and studies performed in vitro. CLA appears to produce loss of fat mass and increase of lean tissue mass in rodents, but the results from 13 randomized, controlled, short-term (<6 months) trials in humans find little evidence to support that CLA reduces body weight or promotes repartitioning of body fat and fat-free mass in man. However, there is increasing evidence from mice and human studies that the CLA isomer trans-10, cis-12 may produce liver hypertrophy and insulin resistance via a redistribution of fat deposition that resembles lipodystrophy. CLA also decreases the fat content of both human and bovine milk. In conclusion, although CLA appears to attenuate increases in body weight and body fat in several animal models, CLA isomers sold as dietary supplements are not effective as weight loss agents in humans and may actually have adverse effects on human health.
Hepatoprotective effects of synbiotic soy yogurt on mice fed a high-cholesterol diet; Objectives: The role of probiotic yogurt in the prevention and treatment of hypercholesterolemia has attracted global attention. Mounting evidence has indicated that probiotics and prebiotics improve lipid metabolism by lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration in plasma of hypercholesterolemic patients. The present study aimed to develop synbiotic soy yogurt that had a greater cholesterol-lowering effect in hypercholesterolemic mice compared with control soy yogurt. Methods: Synbiotic soy yogurt was prepared using soy milk and synbiotic capsule containing LactoBacil Plus (SCLBP) probiotic cultures and fructo-oligosaccharide. Synbiotic soy yogurt was analyzed for proximate composition and microbiological and antioxidative properties during storage periods of 28 d. To study hypocholesterolemic effect, hypercholesterolemia was induced in mice with administration of 1.25% cholesterol and 0.5% cholic acid for 4 wk. After that 24 male Balb/c mice were randomly divided into four groups and fed basic, high-cholesterol, high-cholesterol with soy yogurt, or high-cholesterol with synbiotic soy yogurt diet for 5 wk. Blood samples were collected to measure lipids concentration and oxidative and antioxidative status. Results: Proximate composition of SCLBP-formulated soy yogurt exhibits a marked difference from control soy yogurt in terms of total solids, moisture, protein, fat, ash, carbohydrate, and energy content. Results indicated that the 1,1-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging activity (75.28%) in synbiotic yogurt containing 2% SCLBP was significantly greater (P <= 0.05) compared with control soy yogurt (52.98%). In mice with hypercholesterolemia that were fed synbiotic soy yogurts, the yogurts had a favorable effect in reducing blood cholesterol, triglycerides, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and lipid peroxidation in liver. These led to a significant decrease of the atherogenic index compared with soy yogurt (control) only. Treatment with synbiotic soy yogurt cultures ameliorates lipid peroxidation in liver. Conclusions: These results indicated that the synbiotic soy yogurts have beneficial effects against hypercholesteroemia and can be used as a therapeutic agent in hypercholesteremic patients. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy product consumption and the metabolic syndrome; Aims: To briefly summarize findings from epidemiological studies on the relationship between dairy product consumption and the metabolic syndrome(MetS). Materials and methods: A search for relevant literature was undertaken on Web of Science, Google scholar, Pubmed (2000 to July 2013), to identify observational studies which examined the association between dairy intake and MetS (prevalence or incidence), and for any randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of dairy intake on MetS. Results: Here we review the physiological effects and possible mechanisms involved of three main dairy constituents (calcium (Ca), protein, fat) on important components of the MetS. Effects of Ca may be related to intestinal binding to fatty acids or bile acids, or to changes in intracellular Ca metabolism by suppressing calciotropic hormones. Dietary proteins may increase satiety in both the short and longer term, which may result in a reduced energy intake. Dairy proteins are precursors of angiotensin-I converting enzyme- inhibitory peptides, which may lower blood pressure. To reduce the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA), the consumption of low- fat instead of high- fat dairy products is recommended. Conclusion: More research is warranted to better understand the physiological effects and the mechanisms involved of dairy products in the prevention and treatment of the MetS. (C) 2014 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hypocaloric diet supplemented with probiotic cheese improves body mass index and blood pressure indices of obese hypertensive patients - a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study; Background: Gut lactobacilli can affect the metabolic functions of healthy humans. We tested whether a 1500 kcal/d diet supplemented with cheese containing the probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum TENSIA (Deutsche Sammlung fur Mikroorganismen, DSM 21380) could reduce some symptoms of metabolic syndrome in Russian adults with obesity and hypertension. Methods: In this 3-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel pilot study, 25 subjects ingested probiotic cheese and 15 ingested control cheese. Fifty grams of each cheese provided 175 kcal of energy. Blood pressure (BP), anthropometric characteristics, markers of liver and kidney function, metabolic indices (plasma glucose, lipids, and cholesterol), and urine polyamines were measured. Counts of fecal lactobacilli and L. plantarum TENSIA were evaluated using molecular methods. The data were analyzed by t-test for independent samples and Spearman's partial correlation analysis. Results: The probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA was present in variable amounts (529.6 +/- 232.5 gene copies) in 16/25 (64%) study subjects. Body mass index (BMI) was significantly reduced (p = 0.031) in the probiotic cheese group versus the control cheese group. The changes in BMI were closely associated with the water content of the body (r = 0.570, p = 0.0007) when adjusted for sex and age. Higher values of intestinal lactobacilli after probiotic cheese consumption were associated with higher BMI (r = 0.383, p = 0.0305) and urinary putrescine content (r = 0.475, p = 0.006). In patients simultaneously treated with BP-lowering drugs, similar reductions of BP were observed in both groups. A positive association was detected between TENSIA colonization and the extent of change of morning diastolic BP (r = 0.617, p = 0.0248) and a trend toward lower values of morning systolic BP (r = -0.527, p = 0.0640) at the end of the study after adjusting for BMI, age, and sex. Conclusion: In a pilot study of obese hypertensive patients, a hypocaloric diet supplemented with a probiotic cheese helps to reduce BMI and arterial BP values, recognized symptoms of metabolic syndrome.
Effects of rice bran oil on the blood lipids profiles and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes patients; The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of rice bran oil consumption on plasma lipids and insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes. Thirty-five patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to a placebo group or a rice bran oil group. The placebo group consumed 250 mL soybean oil-modified milk (18 g soybean oil) daily for 5 weeks, and the rice bran oil group consumed 250 mL rice bran oil modified milk (18 g rice bran oil) daily for 5 weeks. At week 0 and week 5, anthropometric measurements, hematology tests, and an oral-glucose-tolerance test were conducted. The results showed that the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance, the area under the curve for postprandial serum insulin, and serum low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations increased significantly in the placebo group. In the rice bran oil group, fasting and 2-h postprandial blood glucose concentrations and the area under the curve for postprandial plasma glucose increased significantly; however, total serum cholesterol and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly. However, the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance was not significantly different. Consumption of 18 g rice bran oil modified milk daily for 5 weeks significantly decreased total serum cholesterol concentrations and tended to decrease low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, no significant influence on insulin resistance was observed.
Impact of litter size, supplementary milk replacer and housing on the body composition of piglets from hyper-prolific sows at weaning; The modern hyper-prolific sow gives birth to 17 live-born piglets on average. An alternative strategy to nurse sows and artificial rearing may be providing milk replacer while letting all the piglets stay with their dam. However, milk replacer is of lower nutritional quality than sow milk and may reduce the body fat content of piglets who use milk replacer to compensate for low suckling success due to competition at the udder. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the body compositional weaning of two random sow-reared piglets per litter from 93 litters by using the deuterium oxide dilution technique. The piglets were part of large study with a 2x2x2 factorial design of either 14 or 17 piglets from day 1 (LS: LS14/LS17) with or without access to milk replacer (MILK: -MILK/ +MILK) and reared by crated or loose-housed sows (HOUSING: CRATE/LOOSE). From behavioral observations day 21 in +MILK, piglets were divided according to their frequency of drinking milk replacer and suckling (Nutrition Source). Increasing LS from 14 to 17 reduced the average daily gain from 258 to 228 g/d and body fat % from 14.4 to 12.7% (P<0.01). In a two-way interaction between LS and HOUSNG, the body fat percentage was lower (P=0.04) and the water percentage tended to be higher (P=0.07) in LS17 CRATE compared to the other treatments (i.e. LS17 LOOSE, LS14 CRATE and LOOSE). There was no effect of MILK on piglet composition day 28 (P>0.1). In +MILK, the Nutrition Source affected piglet body composition (P<0.05) as piglets with low suckling frequency (LOW) had lower body fat and higher water content compared to piglets who had high suckling frequency (SUCKLE). Unexpectedly, drinking milk replacer in addition to suckling (MIXED) did not increase piglet body fat content. Relying mainly on milk replacer (CUP) caused body fat and water contents to be intermediate to piglets with high (SUCKLE and MIXED) and low suckling frequency (LOW). In conclusion, LS had a clear impact on piglet growth and body composition at weaning. In contrast, supplementation of milk and housing had only negligible impact on litter performance. Some individual piglets that had low frequency of sow milk intake benefitted from milk supplementation. Loose housing appeared to benefit piglet body fat at weaning but this was due to a greater piglet mortality. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of The Animal Consortium.
Nutritional factors in stroke; Observational studies support the role of modifying lifestyle-related risk factors such as diet, physical activity and alcohol use in stroke prevention. For example, increased Na intake is associated with hypertension, and reduction in salt consumption may significantly lower blood pressure and may reduce stroke mortality. Moderately elevated homocysteine levels may be associated with stroke and are associated with deficiency of dietary intake of folate, vitamin B-6 and vitamin B-12. Consumption of a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, folate, K, Ca, Mg, dietary fibre, fish and milk may protect against stroke. Regular physical activity may also protect against stroke through its role in controlling various risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus and obesity. The role of fat intake as a risk factor for stroke remains uncertain, whereas the association between stroke and cholesterol has more convincingly been demonstrated by the recent intervention trials using statins. There is also evidence that a low serum albumin may be causally linked to stroke risk and outcome and that a significant number of stroke patients are undernourished on admission and their nutritional status deteriorates further whilst in hospital. Undernutrition is associated with increasing morbidity and mortality and nutritional supplements may have some beneficial effect on some outcome measures.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory effects of dairy- and soy-derived peptides in pre-hypertensive overweight men and women; Background: Hypertension is considered the most prevalent cardiovascular disorder and a significant public health problem. A functional food that could potentially impede progression into a hypertensive state in pre-hypertensive individuals is of significant interest to clinicians and consumers. In vitro and animal studies suggest the presence of potential ACE inhibitory dairy- and soy-derived peptides. Very few human-based research studies have been conducted to investigate the blood pressure lowering and/or ACE-inhibitory effects of whey and soy protein hydrolysates in humans. This pilot study tested the acute effects of 20g doses of whey and soy hydrolysates in pre-hypertensive, overweight men and postmenopausal women on serum ACE activity and blood pressure. Findings: Using a randomized crossover design, four initial subjects received five treatments (unhydrolyzed casein, whey protein isolate, whey protein hydrolysate, soy protein isolate, soy protein hydrolysate) at different testing visits separated by three-day washout periods. Blood pressure and blood draws to measure ACE activity were taken at thirty minute intervals following treatment consumption. Both the soy protein and whey protein hydrolysates had notable in vitro ACE-inhibitory activity, both before and after heat treatment. No differences were observed among the protein treatments for either ACE activity or systolic blood pressure. Conclusions: The results of this pilot study support a discrepancy between in vitro and human-based in vivo ACE-inhibitory acute effects of whey and soy protein hydrolysates, underscoring the need for further research to better understand potential explanations for these findings.
Effects of Milk Proteins and Combined Exercise Training on Aortic Hemodynamics and Arterial Stiffness in Young Obese Women With High Blood Pressure; Obesity and reduced muscle strength are associated with increased blood pressure (BP). We examined the impact of milk proteins and combined exercise training (CET) on BP, arterial function, and muscle strength (one-repetition maximum (1-RM)). Thirty-three obese sedentary women (age 301 years; body mass index 35.20.9kg/m(2); systolic BP (SBP) 1292mm Hg) were randomized to control carbohydrate (n 11), whey (n 11), and casein (n 11) supplementation for 4 weeks. All participants performed moderate-intensity CET 3 days/week. Brachial and aortic SBP, augmentation index adjusted for 75 beats/minute (AIx@75), arterial stiffness (brachialankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV)), and 1-RM were measured before and after the interventions. There were significant (P < 0.05) time-by-group interactions for brachial SBP (bSBP), aortic SBP (aSBP), AIx@75, and baPWV. Whey and casein supplementation significantly (P < 0.05) decreased bSBP (approximately 5mm Hg for both), aSBP (approximately 7mm Hg and approximately 6mm Hg, respectively), AIx@75 (approximately 9.2% and approximately 8.1%, respectively) and baPWV (approximately 57cm/s and approximately 53cm/s, respectively) compared with no changes in the control group. Upper- (approximately 22.2%) and lower-body 1-RM (approximately 44.0%) increased similarly in all groups. Changes in arterial function and 1-RM were not correlated. Milk protein supplementation with CET reduced SBP, wave reflection, and arterial stiffness in young obese women with prehypertension and hypertension. Because CET did not affect arterial function, milk proteins may have an antihypertensive effect by improving arterial function, as shown by reduced AIx@75 and baPWV. Muscle strength improvements after CET did not affect BP and arterial function. ClinicalTrial.gov Registration NCT01830946.
Yogurt and dairy product consumption to prevent cardiometabolic diseases: epidemiologic and experimental studies; Dairy products contribute important nutrients to our diet, including energy, calcium, protein, and other micro- and macronutrients. However, dairy products can be high in saturated fats, and dietary guidelines generally recommend reducing the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) to reduce coronary artery disease (CAD). Recent studies question the role of SFAs in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and have found that substitution of SFAs in the diet with omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids abundant in vegetable oils can, in fact, lead to an increased risk of death from CAD and CVD, unless they are balanced with n-3 polyunsaturated fat. Replacing SFAs with carbohydrates with a high glycemic index is also associated with a higher risk of CAD. Paradoxically, observational studies indicate that the consumption of milk or dairy products is inversely related to incidence of CVD. The consumption of dairy products has been suggested to ameliorate characteristics of the metabolic syndrome, which encompasses a cluster of risk factors including dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, increased blood pressure, and abdominal obesity, which together markedly increase the risk of diabetes and CVD. Dairy products, such as cheese, do not exert the negative effects on blood lipids as predicted solely by the content of saturated fat. Calcium and other bioactive components may modify the effects on LDL cholesterol and triglycerides. Apart from supplying valuable dairy nutrients, yogurt may also exert beneficial probiotic effects. The consumption of yogurt, and other dairy products, in observational studies is associated with a reduced risk of weight gain and obesity as well as of CVD, and these findings are, in part, supported by randomized trials.
Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro Tripeptide-Containing Milk Product has Acute Blood Pressure Lowering Effects in Mildly Hypertensive Subjects; Casein-derived tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline (Ile-Pro-Pro) and valine-proline-proline (Val-Pro-Pro) lower blood pressure (BP) in long-term clinical studies. Their acute effects on BP and vascular function, important for daily dosing scheme, were studied in a placebo-controlled double-blind crossover study using a single oral dose of a fermented milk product containing Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro as well as plant sterols. Twenty-five subjects with untreated mild hypertension received in random order 250 g of study product (25 mg peptides and 2 g plant sterols) or placebo. Ambulatory BP was monitored for 8 h post-dose and arterial stiffness measured by pulse wave analysis at 2, 4, and 8 h. Blood and urine samples were analyzed for markers of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and endothelial function. Baseline adjusted treatment effect for systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and mean arterial BP was -2.1 mmHg (95% CI: -4.1 to -0.1, p = 0.045), -1.6 mmHg (95% CI: -3.1 to -0.1, p = 0.03), and -1,9 mmHg (95% CI: -3-3 to -0.4, p = 0.0093), respectively, in favor of the active treatment for 8 h post-dose. No significant differences between the treatments were seen in brachial or aortic augmentation index, pulse wave velocity, or markers of RAS. Urinary excretion of cGMP, the second messenger of endothelial nitric oxide, was higher in the active group vs. placebo (p = 0.01). The results indicate that a single dose of a fermented milk product containing Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro and plant sterols acutely lowers brachial SBP and DBP in mildly hypertensive subjects.
Long-term effect of calcium-vitamin D<sub>3</sub> fortified milk on blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in healthy older men; Background/Objectives: Some epidemiological and clinical studies have shown that increased dairy consumption or calcium and/or vitamin D supplementation can have a beneficial effect on blood pressure, and lipid and lipoprotein concentrations. The aim of this study was to assess the long-term effects of calcium-vitamin D-3 fortified milk on blood pressure and lipid-lipoprotein concentrations in community-dwelling older men. Subjects/Methods: This is a substudy of a 2-year randomized controlled trial in which 167 men aged >50 years were assigned to receive either 400 ml per day of reduced fat (similar to 1%) milk fortified with approximately 1000mg of calcium and 800 IU of vitamin D3 or to a control group receiving no additional fortified milk. Weight, blood pressure, lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were measured every 6 months. Participants on lipid-lowering (n=32) or antihypertensive medication (n=39) were included, but those who commenced, increased or decreased their medication throughout the intervention were excluded (n=27). Results: In the 140 men included in this study (milk, n=73; control, n=67), there were no significant effects of the calcium-vitamin D-3 fortified milk on weight, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglyceride concentrations at any time throughout the intervention. Similar results were observed after excluding men taking antihypertensive or lipid-lowering medication or limiting the analysis to those with baseline calcium intakes <1000mg per day and/or with hypovitaminosis D (25(OH) D <75 nmol/l). Conclusions: Supplementation with reduced-fat calcium-vitamin D-3 fortified milk did not have a beneficial (nor detrimental) effect on blood pressure, lipid or lipoprotein concentrations in healthy community-dwelling older men. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2009) 63, 993-1000; doi: 10.1038/ejcn.2008.79; published online 21 January 2009
High-monounsaturated fatty acid diets lower both plasma cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations; Background: Low-fat diets increase plasma triacylglycerol and decrease HDL-cholesterol concentrations, thereby potentially adversely affecting cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. High-monounsaturnted fatty acid (MUFA), cholesterol-lowering diets do not raise triacylglycerol or lower HDL cholesterol, but little is known about how peanut products, a rich sourer of MUFAs, affect CVD risk. Objective: The present study compared the CVD risk profile of an Average American diet (AAD) with those of 4 cholesterol-lowering diets: an American Heart Association/National Cholesterol Education Program Step II diet and 3 high-MUFA diets [olive oil (OO), peanut oil (PO), and peanuts and peanut butter (PPB)]. Design: A randomized, double-blind, 5-period crossover study design (n = 22) was used to examine the effects of the diets on serum Lipids and lipoproteins: AAD [34% fat; 16% saturated fatty acids (SFAs), 11% MUFAs], Step II (25% fat; 7% SFAs, 12% MUFAs), OO (34% far; 7% SFAs, 21% MUFAs), PO (34% fat; 7% SFAs, 17% MUFAs), and PPB (36% fat; 8% SFAs, 18% MUFAs). Results: The high-MUFA diets lowered total cholesterol by 10% and LDL cholesterol by 14%. This response was comparable with that observed for the Step II diet. Triacylglycerol concentrations were 13% lower in subjects consuming the high-MUFA diets and were 11% higher with the Step II diet than with the AAD. The high-MUFA diets did not: lower HDL cholesterol whereas the Step IT diet lowered it by 4% compared with the AAD. The OO, PO, and PPB diets decreased CVD risk by an estimated 25%, 16%, and 21%. respectively, whereas the Step TT diet lowered CVD risk by 12%. Conclusion: A high-MUFA, cholesterol-lowering diet may be preferable to a low-fat diet because of more favorable effects on the CVD risk profile.
EFFECT OF CHOLESTEROL DEPRIVATION ON PIGLET SMALL-INTESTINE AND SERUM-LIPIDS; Using the neonatal piglet, the effects of dietary cholesterol deprivation on growth, intestinal enzyme activity, intestinal and hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase (HMG-CoA reductase), and serum lipid were studied.  Six litters of piglets were randomly assigned to one of two feeding regimens:  restricted (800 ml of formula/24 h) versus unrestricted (1,200 ml of formula/24 h).  Within litters, piglets were separated by sex, then randomly assigned to a formula containing low cholesterol (< 2 mg/dl) or high cholesterol (145 mg/dl).  Piglets were fed for 2 weeks.  Male piglets in the restricted low cholesterol group gained significantly less weight per milliliter of formula than the restricted high cholesterol males.  No effect was observed in the females.  Microvillus membrane lactase activity was greater in males fed a high versus low cholesterol diet.  Intestinal and hepatic HMG-CoA reductase activities and serum lipid profiles showed a trend toward compensation for dietary cholesterol deprivation but did not differ statistically between the cholesterol-fed versus -deprived groups.  It is concluded that dietary cholesterol deprivation in the male neonatal pig causes alterations in growth, but no other statistically significant responses were detectable in this study.
Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Hypertension is a major risk factor for developing cardiovascular disease, stroke, and kidney disease. To lower blood pressure (BP), several lifestyle changes are recommended such as weight loss, exercise, and following a healthy diet. Investigating the effect of single nutrients may have positive results, but food is consumed as part of a whole diet, resulting in nutrient interactions. The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to assess the effect of dietary patterns on BP in adults. Studies that were published between January 1999 and June 2014 were retrieved using Scopus, Web of Science, and the MEDLINE database. Seventeen randomized controlled trials were included in the meta-analysis. The results suggest that healthy dietary patterns such as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet, Nordic diet, and Mediterranean diet significantly lowered systolic BP and diastolic BP by 4.26 mm Hg and 2.38 mm Hg, respectively. These diets are rich in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, seeds, nuts, fish, and dairy and low in meat, sweets, and alcohol. Lifestyle factors such as exercise and weight loss in combination with dietary changes may also reduce BP. Further research is needed to establish the effect of dietary patterns on BP in different cultures other than those identified in this review. The review was registered on PROSPERO (International prospective register of systematic reviews) as CRD42015016272.
Influence of educational level and marital status on dietary intake, obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors in a Hong Kong Chinese population; Objectives: To examine the influence of education and marital status on dietary intake, body mass index, waist hip ratio, blood pressure, fasting and 2 h glucose, and lipid profile in adult Hong Kong Chinese. Design: Randomized age and sex stratified survery Subjects: One thousand and ten subjects aged 25-74 y (500 men, 510 women) recruited for the 1995-96 Hong Kong Dietary and Cardiovascular Risk Prevalence Survey. Measurements: Dietary intake was estimated using a food frequency method. Information on education level and marital status was included in the questionnaire. Anthropometry and biochemical parameters were measured using standard methods. Results: After adjustment for age, higher levels of education are associated with higher percentage protein intake in men, higher percentage fat intake in women, higher nutrient density of fibre and calcium in both men and women, and higher nutrient density of protein, fat, niacin, vitamin D, and polyunsaturated fatty acid in women. Consumption of fruits was also higher in women, and that of dairy products higher in men. Body mass index and waist-hip ratio were lower with increasing levels of education in women, while lower mean systolic BP was observed in men. Single women had lower nutrient densities of vitamin D and iron, and lower consumption of vegetables and fish, compared with married women. Body mass index was lower in both single men and women. Single men had a better cardiovascular risk factor profile, in that diastolic BP, triglycerides and cholesterol/HDL ratio were lower, in addition to a lower body mass index. Conclusion: Higher education level is associated with a healthier diet and lower prevalence of overweight.
Soy milk powder supplemented with phytosterol esters reduced serum cholesterol level in hypercholesterolemia independently of lipoprotein E genotype: a random clinical placebo-controlled trial; Phytosterols (PSs) are reported to lower the serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations enriched in some fatty foods, such as margarine. However, these high-fat foods are not very suitable for older people. Soy milk is the favorite food for elderly people in China; therefore, we hypothesized that the consumption of soy milk powder supplemented with PSs would decrease the serum cholesterol levels in older Chinese people independent of the genotypes of apolipoprotein E (ApoE). Mild to moderate hyperlipidemic patients (n = 170) were recruited from different communities and treated with placebo soy milk powder or 3.4 g PS esters enriched soy milk powder (2.0 g/d free PS in 30 g soy milk powder). The fasting serum lipid profiles at the baseline and after 3 and 6 months of intervention were measured. The ApoE genotype was also determined. After 3 months of PS intervention, the serum lipid profile was not changed significantly in either group. The serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and non high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels decreased by 9.3%, 11.4%, and 12.6%, respectively, in the PS group at the end of the intervention (6 months) compared with the control group, whereas the serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels were not affected significantly. In the PS group, both the ApoE3 and ApoE4 carriers had a similar response to PS consumption. These findings suggested that PS-fortified soy milk powder was effective in lowering the serum cholesterol levels in older Chinese volunteers with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia in both the ApoE3 and ApoE4 carriers. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Soya protein- and casein-based nutritionally complete diets fed during gestation and lactation differ in effects on characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in male offspring of Wistar rats; The AIN-93G diets based on soya protein or casein were fed to pregnant Wistar rats from clay 3 of gestation and compared for their effects on characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in male offspring. Pregnant rats were randomised to either a casein (C) or soya protein (S) diet 02 12) during gestation only (Expt 1) or during gestation and lactation (Expt 2). Male offspring were weaned to either a C or S diet for 9 weeks (Expt 1) or 15 weeks (Expt 2). In Expt 1, pups born to S-fed dams had higher fasting blood glucose (BG), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) at week 4, higher blood glucose (BG) response to a glucose administration (P<0.001) and higher body weight (BW) at week 8 (P<0.05). In Expt 2, consumption of the S diet throughout gestation and lactation resulted in higher BW (P<0.05), DBP (P<0.005) and SBP (P<0.005) in the offspring. They also had higher homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; P<0.05) and plasma homocysteine (P<0.05) at weaning, higher fasting BG and glucose response to glucose administration (P<0.005) at week 12 and higher HOMA-IR (P<0.01) at week 15. Although composition of the weaning diets interacted with the diet of the clams, the latter was the dominant factor in determining metabolic outcomes in the offspring. In conclusion, the S diet, compared with the C diet, when consumed during gestation or throughout gestation and lactation increased the presence of characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in the offspring.
Pyridostigmine, diethyltoluamide, permethrin, and stress: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to assess safety; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether short-term human exposure to pyridostigmine bromide, diethyltoluamide, and permethrin, at rest or under stress, adversely affects short-term physical or neurocognitive performance. PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: A multicenter, prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover trial exposing 64 volunteers to permethrin-impregnated uniforms, diethyltoluamide-containing skin cream, oral pyridostigmine, and corresponding placebos was performed. Each participant had 4 separate sessions, ensuring exposure to all treatments and placebos under both stress and rest conditions in random order. Outcomes included physical performance (handgrip strength and duration, stair climbing, and pull-ups [males] or push-ups [females]), neurocognitive performance (computerized tests), and self-reported adverse effects. RESULTS: Permethrin was undetectable in the serum of all participants; pyridostigmine levels were higher immediately after stress (41.6 ng/mL; 95% confidence interval, 35.1-48.1 ng/mL) than rest (23.0 ng/mL; 95% confidence interval, 19.2-26.9 ng/mL), whereas diethyltoluamide levels did not significantly differ by stress condition. Heart rate and systolic blood pressure Increased significantly with stress compared with rest but did not vary with treatment vs placebo. Physical and neurocognitive outcome measures and self-reported adverse effects did not significantly differ by exposure group. CONCLUSION: Combined, correct use of pyridostigmine, diethyltoluamide, and permethrin is well tolerated and without evidence of short-term physical or neurocognitive Impairment.
<i>Dolichos lablab</i> Protects Against Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mice Fed High-Fat Diets; Hyacinth bean, Dolichos lablab or Lablab purpureus, has been used for centuries in India and China as an edible pod and animal forage, as well as to treat diarrhea and other gastrointestinal disease in traditional Korean medicine. Recently, we have demonstrated that D. lablab extract (DLL-Ex) prevented free fatty acid-induced lipid accumulation in an in vitro cellular nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) model. In this study, we, thus, aimed at clarifying the hepatoprotective effects of DLL-Ex in a high-fat diet-induced in vivo animal NAFLD model, as well as at elucidating underlying mechanisms of identified effects. Sixty, 6-week-old, male C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into six groups: a control group fed a low-fat diet, four high-fat diet (HFD) groups, three receiving daily oral supplementation of DLL-Ex (25, 50, and 100mg/kg/day), and one HFD group receiving daily oral supplementation of MILK (100mg/kg/day). Effects of DLL-Ex supplementation were evaluated by histopathological and histochemical assessments. DLL-Ex supplementation inhibited HFD-induced increases in body weight and body fat mass and ameliorated increases in body weight, manifested as decreased liver function tests, lower serum triglycerides and cholesterol levels, and increased serum adiponectin levels. The expression of hepatic genes involved in lipid droplet accumulation and in fatty acid uptake was also decreased. We provide evidence of a protective effect of DLL-Ex against HFD-induced fatty liver disease in an animal model.
Workplace staff canteen is associated with lower blood pressure among industry workers; Purpose A staff canteen in the workplace can offer a healthier diet, which may lower the blood pressure (BP). The purpose of this paper is to evaluate whether the presence of staff canteen in the workplace is associated with consumption of healthy food and lower systolic and diastolic BP. Design/methodology/approach A cross-sectional study was conducted, randomly selecting workers through a multistage sampling, stratified by company size in Brazil. Demographic, socioeconomic, and life style characteristics were evaluated, and weight, height, and BP were measured. Statistical analysis used generalized linear models, controlling for design effect and confounding factors, to assess the association between BP and staff canteen and the intake of food items. Findings In total, 4.818 workers, aged 35.410.7 years, 76.5 percent men, with 8.74.1 years of formal education were enrolled. Prevalence of hypertension was 24.7 percent (p-value <0.001) among workers from industries with staff canteen vs 30.6 percent among those with no staff canteen. Workers of industries with staff canteen consumed higher proportion of fruits, green leafy vegetables, and milk than workers of industries without canteen, and had lower systolic and diastolic BP, independently of the frequency of intake. Practical implications Workers of industries with staff canteen consumed a healthier diet, and had lower systolic and diastolic BP, and lower prevalence of hypertension than workers from workplaces without staff canteen. Originality/value This study was the first carried out among workers of industries reporting that the presence of a staff canteen in the workplace is associated with lower systolic and diastolic BP and prevalence of hypertension.
Effect of soy protein and isoflavones on blood pressure and endothelial cytokines: a 6-month randomized controlled trial among postmenopausal women; Background: Despite data from animal models and observational studies that are generally supportive for the soy/isoflavones lowering blood pressure (BP) and improving vascular function, the current findings from clinical trials are still inconclusive. Objectives: To examine whether soy protein with isoflavones or isoflavones alone reduce BP and endothelial cytokines, and whether the effects differed by baseline BP level. Methods: A double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with mild hyperglycemia. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive either 15 g soy protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Soy group), or 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Iso group), or 15 g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months. Results: No significant difference was observed in the change and % change of BP and endothelial cytokine levels among the three study groups. However, a subgroup analysis among 130 pre and hypertensive women suggested that soy protein and isoflavones significantly reduced SBP [-4.25%, 95% confidence interval (CI) -7.9 to -0.6%, P = 0.02] and the level of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1 (-22.6%, 95% CI -42.8 to -2.3%, P = 0.02) relative to milk protein after 6-month intervention. Conclusions: Our 6-month randomized controlled trial in prediabetic postmenopausal women indicated that soy protein and isoflavones had no significant effect on BP and endothelial molecules; however, a favorable reduction on SBP, sICAM-1 and E-selectin was observed among women with initial elevated BP.
Effect of a high-calcium energy-reduced diet on abdominal obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese Brazilian subjects; P>Background: Clinical trials designed to examine the effects of calcium supplementation on abdominal obesity have had ambiguous results. Aims: This study aimed to evaluate, during energy restriction, the effects of a high-calcium diet (HCD) on measures of abdominal obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in Brazilian obese subjects of multiethnic origin. Methods: We conducted a randomised clinical trial. Fifty obese subjects of both sexes, aged 22-55 years, with stable body weight and a low calcium intake were randomised into the following outpatient dietary regimens: (i) a low-calcium diet (LCD; < 500 mg/day) or (ii) a HCD [1200-1300 mg/day, supplemented with non-fat powdered milk (60 g/day)]. Both groups followed an energy-restricted diet (-800 kcal/day) throughout the study (16 weeks). Results: Thirty-nine participants completed the study. After 16 weeks of energy restriction, a significant reduction was observed in all anthropometric parameters, metabolic variables (except for high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) and blood pressure levels in both the groups. Insulin was significantly reduced only in the HCD group. Subjects on the HCD compared with those on the LCD exhibited a greater reduction in waist circumference (p = 0.002), waist-to-hip ratio (p = 0.0001), diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.04) and mean blood pressure (p = 0.03). Conclusions: Our study suggests that increased calcium intake may enhance the beneficial effects of energy restriction on abdominal obesity and blood pressure.
Effects of raw milk and starter feed on intake and body composition of Holstein x Gyr male calves up to 64 days of age; The objective was to evaluate the effect of supplying different levels of raw milk, alone or in combination, with access to a starter feed, on the intake, digestibility, daily gain, N balance, and body composition of Holstein x Gyr crossbred suckling calves until 64 d of age. Thirty-nine male calves aged 4 d with an average initial live weight of 36 +/- 1.0 kg were used. Five calves were defined as a reference group and slaughtered at 4 d of age to estimate the initial body composition of the animals. The other calves were distributed according to a completely randomized design in a 3 x 2 factorial arrangement consisting of 3 levels of milk (2, 4, or 8 L/d) and 2 levels of starter feed (presence or absence in diet). At 15 and 45 d of age, 4 animals from each treatment were subjected to digestibility trials with total collection of feces and urine and sampling of feeds. At 64 d of age, all animals were slaughtered and their body tissues were sampled for analyses. Total dry matter and nutrient intake increased linearly and starter intake decreased linearly in response to the supply of increasing amounts of milk. The digestibility coefficient of organic matter was not affected by the inclusion of starter feed and increased linearly as milk supply was elevated. Daily gain was greater at increased milk supply levels and also greater when starter was supplied, without any interaction between milk supply level and the presence or absence of starter. Fecal N excretion and N retention were higher in the animals fed starter feed. Fecal N excretion was not affected by milk levels, whereas N retention was affected. Body protein and ash contents decreased linearly according to increased milk allowance. In contrast, fat body content increased linearly according to milk supply. The presence of starter feed in the diet was responsible for the increased body fat content, but had no effect on protein or ash content. In conclusion, weight gain and N retention in calves up to 64 d of age increased with milk supply. Ad libitum access to starter further increased weight gain and N retention and no interaction with milk allowance level occurred. However, greater levels of milk are also associated with reduced starter feed intake, in addition to increased body fat content.
Can Individuals Meet Multiple Physical Activity and Dietary Behavior Goals?; Objectives: To examine whether participants with the most behavioral goals to achieve were more likely to meet more goals than those given fewer goals. Methods: Eight hundred ten participants were randomly assigned to advice-only, established guidelines for blood pressure control (reduced sodium, increased physical activity), or established guidelines plus the DASH diet (increased fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy, reduced fat). Results: At 6 months, 11.7% of Advice-Only, 19.3% of Established, and 44.6% of Established plus DASH met at least 3 goals (P<0.0001). At 18 months, 33.5% of Established plus DASH met at least 3 goals. Conclusions: Those with the most goals to achieve reached the most goals.
No adverse effects of dairy products on lipid profile: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Background and aims: The current study aimed to review the effects of dairy foods on lipid profile in randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs). Methods: We searched PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and Central. RCTs that assess the effects of dairy foods on lipid profile were included. Results: The overall effects of dairy foods on lipid profile were non-significant. Dairy foods were associated with a non-significant reduction in triacylglycerol level, and a non-significant increase in total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level. Conclusion: We conclude that dairy foods doesn't have any unfavorable effects on lipids. (C) 2021 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of increasing dietary calcium through supplements and dairy food on body weight and body composition: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; This meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials assessed the effect of Ca on body weight and body composition through supplementation or increasing dairy food intake. Forty-one studies met the inclusion criteria (including fifty-one trial arms; thirty-one with dairy foods (n 2091), twenty with Ca supplements (n 2711). Ca intake was approximately 900 mg/d higher in the supplement groups compared with control. In the dairy group, Ca intake was approximately 1300 mg/d. Ca supplementation did not significantly affect body weight (mean change (-0.17, 95% CI -0.70, 0.37) kg) or body fat (mean change (-0.19, 95% CI -0.51, 0.13) kg) compared to control. Similarly, increased dairy food intake did not affect body weight (-0.06, 95% CI -0.54, 0.43) kg or body fat change (-0.36, 95% CI -0.80, 0.09) kg compared to control. Sub-analyses revealed that dairy supplementation resulted in no change in body weight (nineteen studies, n 1010) (-0.32, 95% CI -0.93, 0.30 kg, P = 0.31), but a greater reduction in body fat (thirteen studies, n 564) (-0.96, 95% CI -1.46, -0.46 kg, P < 0.001) in the presence of energy restriction over a mean of 4 months compared to control. Increasing dietary Ca intake by 900 mg/d as supplements or increasing dairy intake to approximately 3 servings daily (approximately 1300 mg of Ca/d) is not an effective weight reduction strategy in adults. There is, however, an indication that approximately 3 servings of dairy may facilitate fat loss on weight reduction diets in the short term.
Fat oxidation and its relation to serum parathyroid hormone in young women enrolled in a 1-y dairy calcium intervention; Background: Increased dietary calcium is associated with changes in body composition. One proposed mechanism is that dietary calcium increases fat oxidation, potentially via regulation of serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) concentrations. Objectives: The objectives of the study were to determine whether acute or chronic increased dairy calcium intakes alter postprandial whole-body fat oxidation and whether the increased intake is related to changes in PTH concentrations. Design: Normal-weight women aged 18-30 y were randomly assigned to a low (< 800 mg/d, control; n = 10) or high (1000-1400 mg/d; n = 9) dietary calcium intake group for I y. Whole-body fat oxidation was assessed by measuring respiratory gas exchange after each subject consumed 2 isocaloric liquid meals containing 100 or 500 mg Ca at baseline and 1 y. Fasting serum PTH was measured at baseline and I y. Results: The mean 1-y change in fat oxidation was higher in the high-calcium group than in the low-calcium control group after a low-calcium meal (0.10 +/- 0.05 compared with 0.005 +/- 0.04 g/min; P < 0.001) and a high-calcium meal (0.06 +/- 0.05 compared with 0.03 +/- 0.04 g/min; P < 0.05). The 1-y change in serum log PTH was negatively associated with the 1-y change in postprandial fat oxidation after a high-calcium meal (partial r = -0.46, P < 0.04) when controlled for the 1-y change in total body fat mass. Conclusions: The results suggest that a chronic diet high in dairy calcium increases whole-body fat oxidation from a meal, and increases in fasting serum PTH relate to decreases in postprandial whole-body fat oxidation.
<i>Lactobacillus helveticus</i> fermented milk lowers blood pressure in hypertensive subjects in 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurement; Background. The present study was carried out to evaluate the blood pressure (BP)-lowering effect and the safety aspects of Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk with high tripeptide doses on hypertensive subjects using 24-h ambulatory measurements (ABPM). Methods: in a randomized, double blinded placebo-controlled parallel group study, 94 hypertensive patients not receiving any drug treatment were given 150 mL twice daily of either L. helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk with a high concentration of tripeptides (Ile-Pro-Pro 7.5 mg/100 g and Val-Pro-Pro 10 mg/100 g) or a control product, for 10 weeks after a 4-week run-in period. Twenty-four-hour ABPM were taken at the beginning and at the end of the intervention period. The average baseline systolic and diastolic BP values were 132.6 +/- 9.9/83.0 +/- 8.0 mm Hg in the L. helveticus group and 130.3 +/- 9.6 /80.2 +/- 7.0 mm Hg in the control group. Results: There was a mean difference of -4.1 +/- 0.9 mm Hg in systolic (P = .001) and a -1.8 +/- 0.7 mm Hg in diastolic BP (P = .048) between the L. helveticus group and the control group. There was no difference in the sum of the adverse events (P = .820). Conclusions: Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk containing bioactive peptides, in daily use, does have a BP-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects and is thus a potential for the dietary treatment of hypertension.
Changes in Food and Nutrient Intake and Diet Quality on a Low-Fat Vegan Diet Are Associated with Changes in Body Weight, Body Composition, and Insulin Sensitivity in Overweight Adults: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background Consuming different food groups and nutrients can have differential effects on body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity. Objective The aim was to identify how food group, nutrient intake, and diet quality change relative to usual-diet controls after 16 weeks on a low-fat vegan diet and what associations those changes have with changes in body weight, body composition, and measures of metabolic health. Design Secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial conducted between October 2016 and December 2018 in four replications. Participants/setting Participants included in this analysis were 219 healthy, community-based adults in the Washington, DC, area, with a body mass index (BMI) between 28 and 40, who were randomly assigned to either follow a low-fat vegan diet or make no diet changes. Intervention A low-fat, vegan diet deriving approximately 10% of energy from fat, with weekly classes including dietary instruction, group discussion, and education on the health effects of plant-based nutrition. Control group participants continued their usual diets. Main outcome measures Changes in food group intake, macronutrient and micronutrient intake, and dietary quality as measured by Alternate Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), analyzed from 3-day diet records, and associations with changes in body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity were assessed. Statistical analyses performed A repeated-measure analysis of variance model that included the factors group, subject, and time was used to test the between-group differences throughout the 16-week study. Interaction between group and time was calculated for each variable. Within each diet group, paired comparison t tests were calculated to identify significant changes from baseline to 16 weeks. Spearman correlations were calculated for the relationship between changes in food group intake, nutrient intake, AHEI-2010 score, and changes in body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity. The relative contribution of food groups and nutrients to weight loss was evaluated using linear regression. Results Fruit, vegetable, legume, meat alternative, and whole grain intake significantly increased in the vegan group. Intake of meat, fish, and poultry; dairy products; eggs; nuts and seeds; and added fats decreased. Decreased weight was most associated with increased intake of legumes (r=-0.38; P<0.0001) and decreased intake of total meat, fish, and poultry (r=+0.43; P<0.0001). Those consuming a low-fat vegan diet also increased their intake of carbohydrates, fiber, and several micronutrients and decreased fat intake. Reduced fat intake was associated with reduced body weight (r=+0.15; P=0.02) and, after adjustment for changes in BMI and energy intake, with reduced fat mass (r=+0.14; P=0.04). The intervention group's AHEI-2010 increased by 6.0 points on average, in contrast to no significant change in the control group (treatment effect, +7.2 [95% CI +3.7 to +10.7]; P<0.001). Increase in AHEI-2010 correlated with reduction in body weight (r=0.14; P=0.04), fat mass (r=-0.14; P=0.03), and insulin resistance as measured by the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-IR; r=-0.17; P=0.02), after adjustment for changes in energy intake. Conclusions When compared with participants' usual diets, intake of plant foods increased, and consumption of animal foods, nuts and seeds, and added fats decreased on a low-fat vegan diet. Increased legume intake was the best single food group predictor of weight loss. Diet quality as measured by AHEI-2010 improved on the low-fat vegan diet, which was associated with improvements in weight and metabolic outcomes. These data suggest that increasing low-fat plant foods and minimizing high-fat and animal foods is associated with decreased body weight and fat loss, and that a low-fat vegan diet can improve measures of diet quality and metabolic health.
What else adds to hypertension in predicting stroke?: An incident case-referent study; Objectives. To examine to what extent traditional biomedical risk factors and social factors can predict, separately or jointly, first-ever stroke event, and to explore to what extent other risk factors might add to hypertension/elevated blood pressure as a stroke risk factor. Design. An incident case-referent study. Setting. The study was nested within the Vasterbotten Intervention Program (VIP) and the Northern Sweden MONICA cohorts. Subjects. The study involves 129 stroke cases with two randomly selected referents per case from the same study cohorts. Results. History of diabetes, dairy smoking, obesity (body mass index greater than or equal to 30 kg m(-2)), hypertension and living as an unmarried person were associated with an increased risk in univariate analysis. However, in the multivariate logistic regression analysis, only hypertension, diabetes and single marital status remained significant. There was a statistically significant interaction between hypertension and smoking and stroke. Interaction of possible clinical relevance was also observed between hypertension, history of diabetes and stroke. Conclusions. The study both emphasizes the multifactorial nature of stroke and illustrates that knowledge of interactions offers different strategic approaches when preventing stroke in clinical work. It is important, but not enough, to focus on blood pressure control. Diabetes prevention as well as prevention of smoking must also be considered as factors of major importance.
Small, qualitative changes in fatty acid intake decrease plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients on their usual high-fat diets; Objective The diet is the first step in managing hypercholesterolemia. The objective of the present study is to assess whether moderate changes in dietary fatty acids improve plasma lipid parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients. Methods Using a randomized double-blind study, 121 outpatients within two groups received an isocaloric amount of unsaturated margarine or butter. Clinical and anthropometric measurements and a 3-day food record were made. Chi-square and Fisher's tests were used to compare qualitative variables and the general linear procedure was used to compare the groups. Additional analyses were performed after adjustment. Results There was a significant difference (P < 0.03) in low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels between the groups. Total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apolipoprotein B values decreased in the unsaturated group in comparison with the saturated group. Low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol changes were correlated with the variation in polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and with plasma phospholipid linoleic acid levels. Conclusion A small change in saturated by polyunsaturated fatty acid intake may improve plasma lipid parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.
STUDIES ON A POSSIBLE FUNCTION FOR CHOLESTEROL IN MILK; Pigs, rats and baboons were used to test the hypothesis that the function for cholesterol in milk may be the establishment of serum cholesterol homeostasis. This is supported by 2 experiments using Duroc pigs, but not by a third. The results of rat studies were mixed and 1 study with young baboons was negative. Newborn pigs were given low or high cholesterol milk formulas for 4 mo. and fed normal pig rations until the animals were about 1 yr old. Cholesterol, in a 5% solution in a vegetable oil or lard, was added to the diet, usually at the 0.5% level, for 8-23 wk. Comparisons were made with mother-suckled controls. In 2 trials, animals given low cholesterol milk formula developed higher serum cholesterol concentrations when given cholesterol in their diets at 1 yr than did those given the high cholesterol formula. Rats, taken from their dams and fed high and low cholesterol milk formulas at 12 days of age developed higher serum cholesterol levels than 21 day weaned ones, regardless of the concentration of cholesterol in the milk formulas. Some components of mother''s milk other than cholesterol were apparently required during the late part of the normal suckling period for control of cholesterol homeostasis. In both rats and pigs, dietary perturbations during the early developmental period have a memory effect for control of the adults'' serum cholesterol levels. Male baboons, suckled for 4 mo. by mothers with milk cholesterol above 29 mg/dl or below 20 mg/dl, had the same serum cholesterol when 15 mo. old after being challenged for 3 mo. with a 0.5% cholesterol-beef tallow diet. Male baboons suckled by bottle on milk formulas of 7 or 60 mg of cholesterol/dl had similar serum cholesterol levels. Since the 15 mo. old baboons are equivalent to prepuberty humans, the lack of a difference does not negate the hypothesis that an effect of the absence of cholesterol would appear in adults. The role of cholesterol in milk remains inconclusive. The positive data, along with the strong evidence that early weaning is followed by higher cholesterol in the adult than normally weaned, concludes that the mechanism is complex but probably real.
A Randomized Trial of High-Dairy-Protein, Variable-Carbohydrate Diets and Exercise on Body Composition in Adults with Obesity; Objective: This study determined the effects of 16-week high-dairy-protein, variable-carbohydrate (CHO) diets and exercise training (EXT) on body composition in men and women with overweight/obesity. Methods: One hundred and eleven participants (age 47 +/- 6 years, body mass 90.9 +/- 11.7 kg, BMI 3364 kg/m(2), values mean +/- SD) were randomly stratified to diets with either: high dairy protein, moderate CHO (40% CHO: 30% protein: 30% fat; similar to 4 dairy servings); high dairy protein, high CHO (55%: 30%: 15%; similar to 4 dairy servings); or control (55%: 15%: 30%; similar to 1 dairy serving). Energy restriction (500 kcal/day) was achieved through diet (similar to 250 kcal/day) and EXT (similar to 250 kcal/day). Body composition was measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry before, midway, and upon completion of the intervention. Results: Eighty-nine (25 M/64 F) of 115 participants completed the 16-week intervention, losing 7.763.2 kg fat mass (P<0.001) and gaining 0.5061.75 kg lean mass (P<0.01). There was no difference in the changes in body composition (fat mass or lean mass) between groups. Conclusions: Compared to a healthy control diet, energy-restricted high-protein diets containing different proportions of fat and CHO confer no advantage to weight loss or change in body composition in the presence of an appropriate exercise stimulus.
Preliminary study: Soy milk as effective as skim milk in promoting weight loss; Calcium from dairy sources is beneficial to weight loss; however, no studies have compared the effects of dairy to nondairy sources of calcium on weight loss. This pilot study explored differences between soy and skim milk on changes in anthropometric values in premenopausal women. In a prospective randomized controlled trial, 14 women with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to 720 mL soy milk (n=7) or an equivalent volume of skim milk (n=7) daily for 8 weeks. Subjects followed a 500-kcal deficit diet based on metabolic rate data. There were no anthropometric differences between soy and skim milk groups at baseline. Subjects followed an energy-restricted diet; both groups experienced reductions in kilogram weight (4.27 +/- 2.05 vs 3.76 +/- 2.25; P=0.668), body fat percent (1.30 +/- 1.37 vs 1.87 +/- 1.45; P=0.464), and abdominal circumference (11.28 +/- 5.23 vs 8.66 +/- 2.51; P=0.259) while attenuating losses of fat-free mass (1.12 +/- 1.29 vs 0.43 +/- 1.12; P=0.299) during the 8-week study. There were no significant differences in weight, fat percent, abdominal circumference, and fat-free mass between groups. To optimize the weight loss effects of calcium, one can consume 720 mL of either soy milk or skim milk daily.
Prevalence of self-reported hypertension and its relation to dietary habits, in adults; a nutrition & health survey in Greece; Background: Hypertension leads to many degenerative diseases, the most common being cardiovascular in origin. This study has been designed to estimate the prevalence of self-reported hypertension in a random nationwide sample of adult Greek population, while focus was set to the assessment of participants' nutritional habits in relation to their hypertension status. Methods: A random-digit dialed telephone survey. Based on a multistage, stratified sampling, 5003 adults ( 18 - 74 yr) participated ( men: 48.8%, women: 51.2%). All participants were interviewed via telephone by trained personnel who used a standard questionnaire. The questionnaire included demographic and socioeconomic characteristics, medical history, lifestyle habits and nutritional assessment. Results: The prevalence of self-reported hypertension was 13.3% in men and 17.7% in women ( P < 0.001). Furthermore, women reported higher values of systolic blood pressure ( 180 +/- 27 mmHg) than men ( 169 +/- 24 mmHg). Positive relationships were found between hypertension status and the prevalence of the rest investigated health conditions ( i. e. hypercholesterolaemia, diabetes mellitus, renal failure and obesity). Nutritional assessment showed that consumption of fish, fruits and juices, cereals, and low fat milk and yogurt was significantly higher among hypertensive subjects while the opposite was observed for food items as red meat, pork, egg, pasta and rice, full fat dairy products and desserts. Conclusion: Hypertension seems to be a serious public health problem in Greece. It is encouraging that hypertensives may have started adopting some more healthy nutritional behaviour compared to normotensive ones. However, they can gain significant benefits regarding to blood pressure control, if they increase the level of compliance with dietary recommendations.
Casein-Derived Lactotripeptides Reduce Systolic and Diastolic Blood Pressure in a Meta-Analysis of Randomised Clinical Trials; There is an urgent need to treat individuals with high blood pressure (BP) with effective dietary strategies. Previous studies suggest a small, but significant decrease in BP after lactotripeptides (LTP) ingestion, although the data are inconsistent. The study aim was to perform a comprehensive meta-analysis of data from all relevant randomised controlled trials (RCT). Medline, Cochrane library, EMBASE and Web of Science were searched until May 2014. Eligibility criteria were RCT that examined the effects of LTP on BP in adults, with systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) as outcome measures. Thirty RCT met the inclusion criteria, which resulted in 33 sets of data. The pooled treatment effect for SBP was -2.95 mmHg (95% CI: -4.17, -1.73; p < 0.001), and for DBP was -1.51 mmHg (95% CI: -2.21, -0.80; p < 0.001). Sub-group analyses revealed that reduction of BP in Japanese studies was significantly greater, compared with European studies (p = 0.002 for SBP and p < 0.001 for DBP). The 24-h ambulatory BP (AMBP) response to LTP supplementation was statistically non-significant (p = 0.101 for SBP and p = 0.166 for DBP). Both publication bias and "small-study effect" were identified, which shifted the treatment effect towards less significant SBP and non-significant DBP reduction after LTP consumption. LTP may be effective in BP reduction, especially in Japanese individuals; however sub-group, meta-regression analyses and statistically significant publication biases suggest inconsistencies.
The effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled cross-over clinical trial; Background: We are aware of limited data about the effects of purslane on diabetes. Earlier studies have mostly indicated the beneficial effects in animal models. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes. Materials and Methods: This cross-over randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 48 persons with type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 10 g/day purslane seeds with 240 cc low-fat yogurt (intervention group) or only 240 cc low-fat yogurt (as a control group) for 5 weeks. After a 2-week washout period, subjects were moved to the alternate arm for an additional 5 weeks. At baseline and end of each phase of the study, fasting blood samples were collected to quantify plasma glucose levels, as well as serum insulin and lipid profiles. Within-group and between-group changes in anthropometric measures, as well as biochemical indicators, were compared using a paired-samples t-test. Results: Mean age of study participants was 51.4 +/- 6.0 year. We found a significant reduction in weight (-0.57 vs. 0.09 kg, P = 0.003) and body mass index (-0.23 vs. 0.02 kg/m(2), P = 0.004) following purslane seeds consumption. Despite a slight reduction in fasting plasma glucose levels (-2.10 vs. -2.77 mg/dL, P = 0.90), we failed to find any significant effect on serum insulin levels and homeostatic model of assessment of insulin resistance score. Furthermore, purslane consumption decreased serum triglyceride levels (-25.5 vs. -1.8 mg/dL, P = 0.04) but could not affect serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and total cholesterol levels. We observed a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure (-3.33 vs. 0.5 mmHg, P = 0.01) and a borderline significant decrease in diastolic blood pressure (-3.12 vs. -0.93 mmHg, P = 0.09) after purslane seeds intake. Conclusion: In summary, consumption of purslane seeds for 5 weeks in persons with type 2 diabetes might improve their anthropometric measures, serum triglyceride levels, and blood pressure. Further studies are required to determine the appropriate dosage for these patients.
Hip fracture risk assessment: artificial neural network outperforms conditional logistic regression in an age- and sex-matched case control study; Background: Osteoporotic hip fractures with a significant morbidity and excess mortality among the elderly have imposed huge health and economic burdens on societies worldwide. In this age- and sex-matched case control study, we examined the risk factors of hip fractures and assessed the fracture risk by conditional logistic regression (CLR) and ensemble artificial neural network (ANN). The performances of these two classifiers were compared. Methods: The study population consisted of 217 pairs (149 women and 68 men) of fractures and controls with an age older than 60 years. All the participants were interviewed with the same standardized questionnaire including questions on 66 risk factors in 12 categories. Univariate CLR analysis was initially conducted to examine the unadjusted odds ratio of all potential risk factors. The significant risk factors were then tested by multivariate analyses. For fracture risk assessment, the participants were randomly divided into modeling and testing datasets for 10-fold cross validation analyses. The predicting models built by CLR and ANN in modeling datasets were applied to testing datasets for generalization study. The performances, including discrimination and calibration, were compared with non-parametric Wilcoxon tests. Results: In univariate CLR analyses, 16 variables achieved significant level, and six of them remained significant in multivariate analyses, including low T score, low BMI, low MMSE score, milk intake, walking difficulty, and significant fall at home. For discrimination, ANN outperformed CLR in both 16- and 6-variable analyses in modeling and testing datasets (p < 0.005). For calibration, ANN outperformed CLR only in 16-variable analyses in modeling and testing datasets (p = 0.013 and 0.047, respectively). Conclusions: The risk factors of hip fracture are more personal than environmental. With adequate model construction, ANN may outperform CLR in both discrimination and calibration. ANN seems to have not been developed to its full potential and efforts should be made to improve its performance.
Cholesterol lowering with bile salt hydrolase-active probiotic bacteria, mechanism of action, clinical evidence, and future direction for heart health applications; Introduction: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of global mortality and morbidity. Current CVD treatment methods include dietary intervention, statins, fibrates, niacin, cholesterol absorption inhibitors, and bile acid sequestrants. These formulations have limitations and, thus, additional treatment modalities are needed. Probiotic bacteria, especially bile salt hydrolase (BSH)-active probiotic bacteria, have demonstrated cholesterol-lowering efficacy in randomized controlled trials. Areas covered: This review describes the current treatments for CVD and the need for additional therapeutics. Gut microbiota etiology of CVD, cholesterol metabolism, and the role of probiotic formulations as therapeutics for the treatment and prevention of CVD are described. Specifically, we review studies using BSH-active bacteria as cholesterol-lowering agents with emphasis on their cholesterol-lowering mechanisms of action. Potential limitations and future directions are also highlighted. Expert opinion: Numerous clinical studies have concluded that BSH-active probiotic bacteria, or products containing them, are efficient in lowering total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. However, the mechanisms of action of BSH-active probiotic bacteria need to be further supported. There is also the need for a meta-analysis to provide better information regarding the therapeutic use of BSH-active probiotic bacteria. The future of BSH-active probiotic bacteria most likely lies as a combination therapy with already existing treatment options.
Spontaneously hypertensive rats are resistant to hypercholesterolaemia-induced atherosclerosis; The objective of the present study was to re-evaluate critically the potential of spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) as models for diet-induced hypercholesterolaemia and the hypercholestcrolaemia-induced atherosclerosis. Normotensive Wistar-Kyoto rats (WKY) were used as control animals. Twelve-months-old SHR (n=22) and WKY (n=17) male rats, were randomly divided into two groups each and fed one of the following diets for 12 consecutive weeks: the control diet i.e. the basal AIN-93M diet and the hypercholesterolaemic diet (g/100g: cholesterol 1, cholic acid 0.5 and butter 20). The hypercholesterolaemic diet increased highly significantly (P < 0.001) serum total cholesterol concentrations in both WKY (control vs high-cholesterol) and SHR (control vs high cholesterol) rats (2.59 +/- 0.20 vs 6.54 +/- 0.33 and 2.52 +/- 0.20 vs 6.64 +/- 0.89 mmol/L, respectively). The same was true for LDL-cholesterol (0.75 +/- 0.09 vs 4.22 +/- 0.26 and 0.84 +/- 0.05 vs 4.62 +/- 0.69 mmol/L, respectively). HDL-cholesterol concentrations were also moderately increased in cholesterol-fed rats (1.46 +/- 0.10 vs 1.95 +/- 0.09 and 1.24 +/- 0.08 vs 1.53 +/- 0.17 mmol/L, respectively) whereas triglicerydes were unaffected. As regards lipid profile, the only effect of animal strain was that noted for SHR rats in which HDL cholesterol concentrations were significantly (P < 0.05) lower than in WKY rats (1.39 +/- 0.10 vs 1.69 +/- 0.09 mmol/L, respectively). Serum concentrations of MCP-1 were elevated in both WXY (control vs high-cholesterol) and SHR rats (control vs high cholesterol, 41.22 +/- 7.98 vs 156.10 +/- 20.66 and 84.88 +/- 49.40 vs 181.65 +/- 38.40 pg/mL, respectively) though only in WKY rats this increase reached statistical significance. Either in WKY or SHR rats, the hypercholesterolaemic diet had no significant effect on endothelium-dependent nor endothelium-independent vasodilation in aorta induced by acetylcholine or SNAP, respectively.. Histological examination of proximal aortas from WKY (control vs high-cholesterol) and SHR (control vs high-cholesterol) rats did not show any structural changes, indicative of atherosclerotic plaque formation. We conclude that diet induced hypercholesterolaemia does not lead to progression of atherosclerosis in SHR rats. Hence, hypertensive rats, fed hypercholesterolaemic diet, are not appropriate models for human hypercholesterolaemia and atherosclerosis.
Kefir peptides alleviate particulate matter &lt;4 μm (PM<sub>4.0</sub>)-induced pulmonary inflammation by inhibiting the NF-κB pathway using luciferase transgenic mice; Kefir peptides, generated by kefir grain fermentation of milk proteins, showed positive antioxidant effects, lowered blood pressure and modulated the immune response. In this study, kefir peptide was evaluated regarding their anti-inflammatory effects on particulate matter < 4 mu m (PM4.0)-induced lung inflammation in NF-kappa B-luciferase(+/+) transgenic mice. The lungs of mice under 20 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg PM4.0 treatments, both increased significantly the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and inflammatory cytokines; increased the protein expression levels of p-NF-kappa B, NLRP3, caspase-1, IL-1 beta, TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-4 and alpha-SMA. Thus, we choose the 10 mg/kg of PM4.0 for animal trials; the mice were assigned to four treatment groups, including control group (saline treatment), PM4.0 + Mock group (only PM4.0 administration), PM4.0 + KL group (PM4.0 + 150 mg/kg low-dose kefir peptide) and PM4.0 + KH group (PM4.0 + 500 mg/kg high-dose kefir peptide). Data showed that treatment with both doses of kefir peptides decreased the PM4.0-induced inflammatory cell infiltration and the expression of the inflammatory mediators IL-l beta, IL-4 and TNF-alpha in lung tissue by inactivating NF-kappa B signaling. The oral administrations of kefir peptides decrease the PM4.0-induced lung inflammation process through the inhibition of NF-kappa B pathway in transgenic luciferase mice, proposing a new clinical application to particulate matter air pollution-induced pulmonary inflammation.
Plant stanol esters and blood cholesterol Scientific substantiation of a health claim related to plant stanol esters and lower/reduced blood cholesterol and reduced risk of (coronary) heart disease pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 Scientific Opinion of the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies; Following an application from McNeil Nutritionals, submitted pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 via the Competent Authority of United Kingdom, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver an opinion on the scientific substantiation of a health claim related to "Plant stanol esters and lowering/reducing blood cholesterol and reducing the risk of coronary heart disease". The scope of the application was proposed to fall under a health claim referring to reduction of a disease risk. In the context of this application, the term "plant stanol ester" refers to a blend of the plant stanols sitostanol and campestanol, which are obtained from the saturation of plant sterols from food grade plant oils (mainly soybean oil) or tall oil, or blends thereof and esterified with fatty acids from food grade low erucic acid rapeseed oil. The Panel considered that the plant stanol esters for which the health claim is proposed have been sufficiently characterised Elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) blood cholesterol is one recognised risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD). CHD is an important cause of mortality and morbidity. Lowering LDL-cholesterol by dietary intervention has been shown to reduce the risk of coronary heart disease. The Panel considers that the claimed effect of lowering LDLcholesterol is beneficial to human health. The applicant provided an unpublished meta-analysis comprising 30 randomised, double-blind placebo controlled trials, with generally healthy, normo- and moderately hypercholesterolaemic male and female subjects. On the basis of the data presented, a clinically significant LDL-cholesterol lowering effect of about 10% can be achieved by a daily intake of plant stanol esters equivalent to 2 g of plant stanols in an appropriate food (e.g. fat-based foods and low-fat foods such as yoghurt), preferably with meals. The size of the cholesterol lowering effect may differ in other food matrices. The Panel concludes that a cause-effect relationship has been established between the intake of plant stanol esters and lowering of LDL-cholesterol, in a dose-dependent manner. With respect to the association of LDL-cholesterol lowering with reduction in the risk of CHD, the Panel considers that there is evidence that the risk of CHD can be decreased by cholesterol lowering therapy including dietary intervention strategies. However, there are no studies demonstrating that plant stanol esters have an impact on population-based CHD morbidity and mortality rates. The Panel considers that products to which plant stanol esters are added should be consumed only by people who need and want to lower their blood cholesterol and that patients on cholesterol-lowering medication should only consume the product under medical supervision. The Panel considers that the following wording reflects the available scientific evidence: "Plant stanol esters have been shown to lower/reduce blood cholesterol. Blood cholesterol lowering may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease".
Effect of high compared with low dairy intake on blood pressure in overweight middle-aged adults: results of a randomized crossover intervention study; Background: Observational studies suggest that high dairy intake is associated with a lower blood pressure (BP). Objective: We aimed to investigate the effect of a high-dairy diet (HDD) as compared with a low-dairy diet (LDD) on BP in overweight middle-aged adults. Methods: Fifty-two overweight men and women were included in a randomized crossover intervention study. Each subject consumed 2 isocaloric diets for 6 wk, an LDD (<= 1 dairy portion per day) and an HDD (6 or 5 reduced-fat dairy portions for men and women, respectively), with a 4-wk washout period in between the diets during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. BP was measured at the start and at the end of the intervention diets. The effect of the intervention study was evaluated by 2-sample t tests. Mixed-model analyses were used for adjustment for the potential influence of changes in dietary protein and mineral intake and risk factors for hypertension including body weight and plasma cholesterol. Results: Consumption of an HDD as compared with an LDD resulted in a reduction of both systolic BP (mean +/- SD: 4.6 +/- 11.2 mm Hg, P < 0.01) and diastolic BP (3.0 +/- 6.7 mm Hg, P < 0.01). In further analyses, these reductions appeared dependent on the concomitant increase in calcium intake. Conclusions: This intervention study shows that an HDD results in a reduction of both systolic and diastolic BP in overweight middle-aged men and women. If the results of our study are reproduced by other studies, advice for high dairy intake may be added to treatment and prevention of high BP. This trial was registered at trialregister.nl as NTR4899.
Effects of full-fat dairy products on subclinical vascular function in adults with elevated blood pressure: a randomized clinical trial; Background High consumption of low- and non-fat dairy products improves vascular dysfunction associated with elevated arterial blood pressure (BP). Currently, it is unknown if conventional full-fat dairy products improve vascular functions. Objectives To determine if adding whole milk and full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet improves vascular function in adults with elevated BP. Design Sixty adults (age +/- SEM; 58 +/- 2 years) with elevated BP (systolic/diastolic; 120-159/ < 99 mmHg) were randomized into a controlled crossover intervention trial consisting of two 4-week dietary periods. The high dairy condition consisted of adding four daily servings of whole milk or full-fat dairy products to the normal diet and eliminated all dairy intake during the control (no dairy) condition. A 2-week washout period separated the dietary conditions. Results Carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV) did not differ significantly between high dairy (11.3 +/- 0.3 versus 10.9 +/- 0.3 m/sec) and no dairy conditions (11.2 +/- 0.3 versus 11.0 +/- 0.3 m/sec). The results were consistent when ultrasound-derived vascular distension measures (arterial compliance, beta-stiffness index, and elastic modulus) were evaluated. Cardiovagal baroreceptor sensitivity (via Valsalva maneuver) demonstrated no significant difference for either dietary condition. Brachial arterial flow-mediated dilation (FMD) did not differ significantly during the high dairy (5.7 +/- 0.5 versus 5.4 +/- 0.6%) and no dairy conditions (6.5 +/- 0.5 versus 5.6 +/- 0.6%). Conclusions The solitary addition of whole milk and full-fat dairy products has no effect on subclinical vascular function in adults with elevated BP.
The effects of phytosterols/stanols on blood lipid profiles: a systematic review with meta-analysis; The objective of this work is to conduct a systematic review that investigates the efficacy of phytosterols/stanols in lowering lipid concentration in individuals with non-familial hypercholesterolemia. Randomized controlled intervention trials were identified through selected international journal databases and reference lists of relevant publications. Two researchers extracted data from each identified trial and only trials of sufficient quality were included in the review. Main outcomes of interest were differences between treatment and control groups in terms of low density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerol. Of the studies reviewed, 20 out of 76 studies were of sufficient quality. The results of the systematic review indicated that phytosterols/stanols could significantly decrease low density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol and triacylglycerol in treatment groups compared with control groups and that the mean differences were [435 mmol/L, 95%CI(-0.47, -0.22), p<0.00001], [436 mmol/L. 95%CI(-0.46, -0.26), p<0.00001] and [-0.1 mmol/L, 95%CI(-0.16, -0.03), p=0.004] respectively. Foods enriched with 2.0 g of phytosterols/stanols per day had a significant cholesterol lowering effect.
Early-Life Nutrition, Growth Trajectories, and Long-Term Outcome; It is well established that nutrition during the first 1,000 days of life can have a long-term effect on growth, metabolic outcome, and long-term health. We review the long-term anthropometric follow-ups of children with risk of later morbidity: (a) very-low-birth-weight (VLBW) infants who have birth weights <10th percentile of weight and receive fortified breast milk, (b) infants from developing countries who are breastfed according to the present recommendations but have low birth weight and length, and (c) children from developed countries who were enrolled in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to test if breastfeeding and low-protein formulas can prevent from rapid weight gain and childhood obesity. VLBW infants can be appropriate, small for gestational age (SGA), or intrauterine growth retarded (IUGR). SGA and IUGR (due to placenta insufficiency) infants are born with birth weights <10th percentile of weight for gestational age (GA). We provided fortified breast milk until 52 weeks of GA to 31 SGA and 127 IUGR infants and followed up growth until 24 months. IUGR infants showed lower weight gain between birth and 3 months and had lower weight between 3 and 24 months (p < 0.05; ANCOVA). No significant BMI differences between SGA and IUGR infants were observed. It seems that IUGR infants receiving fortified breast milk need special attention, because without further improvement in breast milk fortification weight gain after discharge from hospital might be too slow. In developing countries, length and weight of breastfed infants during the first 2 years are strongly influenced by the respective anthropometric parameters at birth. Studies in the Gambia and Zimbabwe indicate that only breastfed infants with birth length and weight above the respective WHO 0 z-scores continue with adequate growth and have length and weight above the WHO 0 z-scores at 18 and 24 months. Prevalence of stunting and wasting in the overall Gambia breastfed infant population rapidly increases during the first year, peaks at around 3 years, but decreases thereafter. Long-term growth trajectories indicate later start of puberty and slow pubertal growth, but adult weight and height are not reached before 20-24 years. In adulthood, prevalence of stunting and wasting is much lower than during any period of childhood. Maternal risk factors, such as childhood marriage and poor nutrition before and during pregnancy, need to come into focus to improve birth length and weight and lower high stunting rates. Term breastfed infants from overweight/obese mothers and breastfed infants with rapid weight gain during infancy have increased risk of childhood obesity. Infants who are exclusively breastfed 4-6 months or receive low protein follow-up formulas (high-quality protein) grow slower during the first 2-3 years than infants fed high-protein formulas. During follow- up examinations at 5-6 years, they have lower BMI and obesity prevalence. Body composition measurements (DEXA) at 5-8 years in children who were breastfed and received low- or high-protein formula during infancy indicate that breastfeeding and feeding low-protein formulas are associated with lower gain of fat mass. Longitudinal cohort studies show that high-protein intake during the first 2 years results in higher BMI at 9 years and during adulthood. The studies presented indicate that breastfeeding but also other pre- and postnatal nutritional, epigenetic, and environmental factors influence growth trajectories and long-term health. (c) 2019 Nestle Nutrition Institute, Switzerland/S. Karger AG, Basel
Blood pressure change with weight loss is affected by diet type in men; Background: Weight loss reduces blood pressure, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has also been shown to lower blood pressure. Objective: Our goal was to assess the effect on blood pressure of 2 weight-reduction diets: a low-fat diet (LF diet) and a moderate-sodium, high-potassium, high-calcium, low-fat DASH diet (WELL diet). Design: After baseline measurements, 63 men were randomly assigned to either the WELL or the LF diet for 12 wk, and both diet groups undertook 0.5 h of moderate physical activity on most days of the week. Results: Fifty-four men completed the study. Their mean (± SD) age was 47.9 ± 9.3 y (WELL diet, n = 27; LF diet, n = 27), and their mean baseline home systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 129.4 ± 11.3 and 80.6 ± 8.6 mm Hg, respectively. Body weight decreased by 4.9 ± 0.6 kg (± SEM) in the WELL group and by 4.6 ± 0.6 kg in the LF group (P &LT; 0.001 for both). There was a greater decrease in blood pressure in the WELL group than in the LF group [between-group difference (week 12-baseline) in both SBP (5.5 ± 1.9 mm Hg; P = 0.006) and DBP (4.4 ± 1.2 mm Hg; P = 0.001)]. Conclusions: For a comparable 5-kg weight loss, a diet high in low-fat dairy products, vegetables, and fruit (the WELL diet) resulted in a greater decrease in blood pressure than did the LF diet. This dietary approach to achieving weight reduction may confer an additional benefit in reducing blood pressure in those who are overweight.
Effects of high-dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory markers in healthy postmenopausal women; Objective: After menopause, women experience changes in body composition, especially all increase in fat mass. In addition, advancing age, decreased physical activity, and increased inflammation may predispose them to develop type 2 diabetes. Isoflavones have been shown to improve metabolic parameters in postmenopausal women. However, the effect of isoflavones on adipokines/cytokines remains unclear. The Purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of high-dose isoflavones on inflammatory and metabolic markers in postmenopausal women. Methods: We measured glucose, insulin, and adipokines/cytokines in 75 healthy postmenopausal women who were randomized to receive 20 g of soy protein with 160 mg of total isoflavones (64 mg genistein, 63 mg daidzein, and 34 mg glycitein) or 20 g of soy protein placebo for 12 weeks. Women taking estrogen discontinued therapy at least 3 months before the study. The supplements were given in a powder form and consumed once daily with milk or other beverages. Results: Mean ages in the placebo and active groups were similar (P = 0.4). Average time since menopause was 9 years, and two thirds of the women underwent natural menopause. There was no significant difference in body mass index at baseline between the groups (placebo, 25.1 kg/m(2); active, 26 kg/m(2)) and it did not change significantly during the study. At baseline, the placebo group had significantly higher levels of tumor necrosis factor a (P < 0.0001); otherwise, there was no difference in any other parameter. After 12 weeks of treatment, there were significant positive changes in tumor necrosis factor a levels within the placebo group (P < 0.0001) and adiponectin levels within the isoflavone group (P = 0.03). Comparison of pre-post change between the groups showed a small but significant increase in serum adiponectin levels in the isoflavone group (P = 0.03) compared with the placebo group. No significant changes were seen in any other parameter between the two groups. Conclusions: Healthy, normal-weight postmenopausal women may not experience improvement in metabolic parameters when given high-dose isoflavones despite an increase in serum adiponectin levels. The role of isoflavones in obese and insulin-resistant postmenopausal women needs exploration.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242 reduces cholesterol and heart disease risk factors; Cardiovascular disease remains the world's main cause of mortality and is linked to high blood cholesterol and chronic low grade inflammation. The use of probiotics for cholesterol lowering has been extensively studied and is considered a prospective option to prevent cardiovascular disease. We review the clinical safety and efficacy in cholesterol lowering with BSH-active probiotic Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242, including two randomized clinical studies showing significant reductions of LDL-C of 8.92% (P=0.016) in yogurt and 11.64% (P=0.001) in capsules. Other lipids and markers of inflammation were also significantly reduced. Further, we also provide mechanistic insights as well as clinically demonstrated enzymatic activity of the selected microorganism. Finally, we describe the potential of BSH-active probiotics in other applications
Effect of <i>Cucurbita ficifolia</i> and Probiotic Yogurt Consumption on Blood Glucose, Lipid Profile, and Inflammatory Marker in Type 2 Diabetes; Background: Control of blood sugar, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are key factors in diabetes management. Cucurbita ficifolia (pumpkin) is a vegetable which has been used traditionally as a remedy for diabetes in Iran. In addition, consumption of probiotics may have beneficial effects on people with Type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was an investigation of the effects of C. ficifolia and probiotic yogurt consumption alone or at the same time on blood glucose and serum lipids in diabetic patients. Methods: Eighty eligible participants randomly were assigned to four groups: 1 - green C. ficifolia (100 g); 2 - probiotic yogurt (150 g); 3 - C. ficifolia plus probiotic yogurt (100 g C. ficifolia plus 150 g yogurt); and 4 - control (dietary advice) for 8 weeks. Blood pressure, glycemic response, lipid profile, and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured before and after the intervention. Results: Total cholesterol (TC) decreased significantly in yogurt and yogurt plus C. ficifolia groups (within groups P = 0.010, and P < 0.001, respectively). C. ficifolia plus yogurt consumption resulted in a decrease in triglyceride (TG) and an increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (within groups P < 0.001 and P = 0.001, respectively). All interventions led to a significant decrease in blood sugar, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), hsCRP, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) level within groups. Blood pressure decreased significantly in Cucurbita group and yogurt group (within groups P < 0.001, and P = 0.001 for systolic blood pressure [SBP] and P < 0.001, and P = 0.004 for diastolic blood pressure [DBP], respectively). All variables changed between groups significantly except LDL-C level. Conclusions: Variables including TG, HDL-C, TC, fasting blood sugar, HbA1c, SBP, DBP, and hsCRP changed beneficially between groups. It seems that consumption of C. ficifolia and probiotic yogurt may help treatment of diabetic patients.
Incorporating Milk Protein Isolate into an Energy-Restricted Western-Style Eating Pattern Augments Improvements in Blood Pressure and Triglycerides, but Not Body Composition Changes in Adults Classified as Overweight or Obese: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Unhealthy Western-style eating patterns (WSEP) predominate, adversely affecting health. Resistance to improving dietary patterns prompts interest to incorporate a potentially health-promoting ingredient into typical WSEP foods and beverages. We assessed the effect of incorporating isocalorically matched carbohydrates versus milk protein isolate (MPI) into a WSEP on weight loss-induced changes in cardiometabolic health and body composition. In a randomized, double-blind, parallel-design study, 44 participants (age 52 +/- 1 years, body mass index (BMI) 31.4 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2), mean +/- standard error) consumed a weight maintenance WSEP (0.8 g total protein/kg/day) for 3 weeks (baseline). After, participants consumed an energy-restricted (750 kcal/day below estimated requirement) WSEP for 16 weeks, randomly assigned to contain either an additional 0.7 g carbohydrate/kg/d (CON: n = 23, 0.8 g total protein/kg/day) or 0.7 g protein/kg/d from MPI (MPI: n = 21, 1.5 g total protein/kg/day) incorporated into foods and beverages. Compared to CON, the MPI favored reductions in average 24 h and sleeping systolic and diastolic blood pressures (BP), waking hours systolic BP, and fasting plasma triglyceride concentrations. Reductions in fasting plasma insulin, glucose, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were not different between groups. Among all participants, whole body mass, lean mass, fat mass, and thigh muscle area, each decreased over time. For adults finding it difficult to deviate from a WSEP, replacing a portion of their carbohydrate with foods and beverages containing MPI may be an effective dietary strategy to reduce BP after weight loss.
Sociodemographic Characteristics, Dietary Practices, and Nutritional Status of Adults with Hypertension in a Semi-Rural Community in the Eastern Region of Ghana; Introduction. Hypertension is a major contributor to the global disease burden and mortality. Evidence suggests increasing hypertension prevalence in Ghana but there is limited public awareness and information on the characteristics of those with the disease. Objective. To describe the baseline characteristics of adults with hypertension who were randomized to receive either hypertension related nutrition education plus hospital-based standard of care or only the standard of care (control group) in Asesewa, a semi-rural community in the Eastern Region of Ghana. Only baseline data were used in the present analysis. Methods. A cross-sectional baseline survey was completed for 63 adults with confirmed hypertension diagnosis. Data on sociodemitgraphic characteristics and diet were obtained through interviews and participants' body mass index (BMI) was computed. Pearson chisquare statistic was used to assess differences between those with both elevated diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and those with only elevated SBP. Results. Mean +/- SD age of participants was 54.5 +/- 13.8 years. Approximately 71% of participants had both elevated SBP (>140 mmHg) and DBP (>90 mmHg) while the remaining 29% had only elevated SBP. The median number of times the food groups beneficial to hypertension management were consumed in the preceding week to the interview was 1 for green leafy vegetables, 1 for dairy products, 2 for fruits, and 4 for legumes. Ihe median number of times for consuming harmful food groups was 3 for salted fish and 7 times for fats and oils. Signifcantly more participants in the age group above 50 than the younger participants had elevated SBP (83.3 vs. 16.7:P=0.027) and those with BMI equal to or greater than 25 were more likely to have both elevated SBP and DBP (P=0.047). Conclusions. Findings from this study have implications for the prevention and management of hypertension in this semi-rural population.
Topical Anesthetic EMLA for Postoperative Wound Pain in Stereotactic Gamma Knife Radiosurgery: A Perspective, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study; Background: Patients who undergo stereotactic gamma knife radiosurgery (GKRS) need a rigid frame fixation for the stereotactic procedures. Many patients suffered from postoperative wound pain after frame removal. The present study investigated whether an additional application of a topical anesthetic prior to frame removal could reduce this discomfort. Patients and Methods: 60 patients who underwent GKRS were enrolled in this study. Of these 60 patients, 30 were treated with a topical application of EMLA, a eutectic mixture of 2.5% lidocaine and 2.5% prilocaine; the remaining 30 were treated with a placebo. The nurses explained the definition of the visual analogue scale (VAS, scored from 0 to 10), and the patients evaluated their pain at 7 time points during the GKRS procedure by using the VAS. After each of these evaluations, the patients' vital signs (blood pressure, heart rate, and respiratory rate) were measured. Results: There was no significant difference in the patients' age, gender, duration of frame fixation, and types of the lesions between the EMLA and placebo groups. The EMLA group reported significantly lower pain scores 20 and 60 min after frame removal than the placebo group (p = 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). Additionally, patients in the placebo group had significantly higher blood pressure readings compared with baseline data, during and after frame removal, thus indicating that postoperative wound pain caused them more discomfort after frame removal. Conclusion: EMLA when applied 60 min before frame removal has an anesthetic effect of reducing the postoperative wound pain in patients who undergo GKRS.
The role of dietary protein in blood pressure regulation; Purpose of review Despite a considerable amount of research, the blood pressure (BP) lowering effect of dietary proteins is still not fully established. This review discusses the most recent findings on BP lowering of dietary proteins and protein sources, the possible mechanisms and the safety of increasing protein intake. Recent findings Recent short-term, strictly controlled, randomized clinical trials show a BP lowering effect of increased protein intake. Longer-term trials, however, show inconsistent results. Because all recent trials exchanged carbohydrates, and not fats, for proteins, the question remains whether potential beneficial effects of high protein diets are due to increased protein intake or decreased carbohydrate intake. No clear differences between plant protein and animal protein are found in observational studies, and trials comparing plant versus animal protein are lacking. Different protein sources may lower BP via different mechanisms, which might explain divergent findings. Potential harms of high protein diets are not confirmed in recent trials in healthy persons. Summary Increasing dietary protein intake or decreasing carbohydrate intake within reasonable limits may be beneficial for BP. The most and least beneficial protein sources still need to be determined.
Nonfat milk attenuates acute hyperglycemia in individuals with android obesity: A randomized control trial; Background: Elevated android body fat increases the risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases. Postprandial hyperglycemia contributes to the proatherogenic metabolic state evident in android adiposity. Due to the insulinotropic effect of milk-derived proteins, postprandial hyperglycemia has been shown to be reduced with the addition of dairy products. The purpose of this study was to determine whether one serving of nonfat milk added to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) could attenuate postprandial hyperglycemia in individuals with elevated android adiposity and whether these improvements would be associated with metabolic and/or peripheral hemodynamic effects. Methods: In this placebo-controlled, randomized, crossover experimental study, 29 overweight/obese adults (26 +/- 1 year) consumed an OGTT beverage (75 g glucose) combined with either nonfat milk (227 g) or a placebo control (12 g lactose + 8 g protein + 207 g water) that was matched for both carbohydrate and protein quantities. Results: In the whole sample, blood glucose and insulin concentrations increased over time in both trials with no significant differences between trials. Relative increases in peak blood glucose response were significantly related to android body fat (p < 0.05). The subjects in the highest tertiles of android body fat displayed attenuated hyperglycemic responses as well as improvements in flow-mediated dilation (FMD) after milk intake. Conclusions: A single serving of nonfat milk may attenuate acute hyperglycemia in individuals with elevated android body fat offering a simple and convenient option for managing elevations in blood glucose.
Is consuming yoghurt associated with weight management outcomes? Results from a systematic review; BACKGROUND: Yoghurt is part of the diet of many people worldwide and is commonly recognised as a 'health food'. Epidemiological studies suggest that yoghurt may be useful as part of weight management programs. In the absence of comprehensive systematic reviews, this systematic review investigated the effect of yoghurt consumption by apparently healthy adults on weight-related outcomes. METHODS: An extensive literature search was undertaken, as part of a wider scoping review, to identify yoghurt studies. A total of 13 631 records were assessed for their relevance to weight-related outcomes. RESULTS: Twenty-two publications were eligible according to the review protocol. Cohort studies (n = 6) and cross-sectional studies (n = 7) all showed a correlation between yoghurt and lower or improved body weight/composition. Six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and one controlled trial had various limitations, including small size and short duration. One RCT showed significant effects of yoghurt on weight loss, but was confounded by differences in calcium intake. One trial showed nonsignificant weight gain and the remaining five trials showed nonsignificant weight losses that were greater in yoghurt consumers. CONCLUSIONS: Yoghurt consumption is associated with lower body mass index, lower body weight/weight gain, smaller waist circumference and lower body fat in epidemiological studies. RCTs suggest weight reduction effects, but do not permit determination of a cause-effect relationship. Well-controlled, adequately powered trials in research and community settings appear likely to identify a modest but beneficial effect of yoghurt consumption for prevention of weight gain and management of obesity. The ready availability of yoghurt (a nutrient-dense food) and its ease of introduction to most diets suggests that educating the public to eat yoghurt as part of a balanced and healthy diet may potentially contribute to improved public health. Future carefully designed RCTs could provide proof of principle and large community-based studies could determine the practical impact of yoghurt on body weight/composition.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases triglyceride concentrations in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: A randomized placebo-controlled trial; Malleable protein matrix (MPM) is a unique whey-derived ingredient obtained through a fermentation process using proprietary lactic acid bacteria strains from the Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens species. Because evidence from animal models suggests that MPM decreases serum lipid concentrations, the purpose of the present trial was to assess the hypothesis that MPM exerts lipid-lowering effects in humans. A total of 161 subjects (50% male; age 54.5 +/- 9.8 yr, body mass index 26.3 +/- 3.6 kg/m(2)) with hypercholesterolemia with baseline low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels of 181 +/- 30 mg/dL and normal triglyceride (TG) levels (131 +/- 55 mg/dL) were randomized to receive MPM (2 x 15 01) or matching placebo. A 6-wk run-in phase was followed by a double-blind 12-wk treatment phase after randomization. The data were analyzed on an intention-to-treat basis. The primary outcome measure was the percentage change of LDL-C. The secondary outcome measures were changes in TG and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration well as changes in other cardiovascular risk factors. After 12 wk of treatment, the relative TG decrease from baseline reached 9.8%, whereas LDL-C was slightly decreased (by 1.5%) following MPM treatment compared with placebo in the intention-to-treat cohort. The treatment effect on TG reduction was much higher in the subset of subjects having TG levels at baseline of 150 mg/dL or above (n = 42), reaching 20.0% compared with placebo. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose remained unchanged, whereas a positive treatment effect was seen on hemoglobin A(1c). The MPM product was tolerated well without severe adverse events. In conclusion, MPM has significant TG-lowering properties in subjects with combined hypercholesterolemia and higher TG levels. Its effects on LDL-C concentrations and glucose metabolism deserve further investigation.
Effects of two conjugated linoleic acid isomers on body fat mass in overweight humans; Objective: To examine the effects of two different conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers at two different intakes on body composition in overweight humans. Research Methods and Procedures: Eighty-one middle-aged, overweight, healthy men and women participated in this bicentric, placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized study. For 6 weeks (run-in period), all subjects Consumed daily a drinkable dairy product containing 3 g of high oleic acid sunflower oil. Volunteers were then randomized over five groups receiving daily either 3 of high oleic acid sunflower oil, 1.5 g of cis-9,trans-11 (c9t11) CLA, 3 g of c9t11 CLA, 1.5 g of trans-10,cis-12 (t10c12) CLA, or 3 g of t10c12 CLA administrated as triacylglycerol in a drinkable dairy product for 18 weeks. Percentage body fat mass and fat and lean body mass were assessed at the end of the run-in and experimental periods by DXA. Dietary intake was also recorded. Results: Body fat mass changes averaged 0.1 +/- 0.9 kg (mean +/- SD) in the placebo group and -0.3 +/- 1.4, -0.8 +/- 2.1,0.0 +/- 2.3, and -0.9 +/- 1.7 kg in the 1.5-g c9t11, 3-g c9t11, 1.5-g t10c12, and 3-g t10c12 groups, respectively. Changes among the groups were not significantly different (p = 0.444). Also, lean body mass and dietary intake were not significantly different among the treatments. Discussion: A daily consumption of a drinkable dairy product containing up to 3 g of CLA isomers for 18 weeks had no statistically significant effect on body composition in overweight, middle-aged men and women.
The cholesterol lowering efficacy of plant stanol ester yoghurt in a Turkish population: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: We evaluated the cholesterol lowering efficacy of low-fat spoonable yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters on plasma lipid profiles of Turkish subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. Methods: Using a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study design, intervention (n = 35) and control (n = 35) groups consumed either 115 g low-fat yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters or placebo yoghurt, respectively, for 4 weeks. Seventy subjects with untreated mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia (aged 23-65 years) were recruited. Changes in the lipid profile, including lipoproteins, apolipoproteins, and triglycerides, and anthropometric measurements were monitored at screening, baseline, and at the end of the second, third, and fourth weeks of intervention. The general linear model repeated measures procedure was used to test differences in the repeated continuous variables between study groups. Results: Serum total cholesterol (4.6%), LDL cholesterol (6.3%), and non-HDL cholesterol (6.2%) concentrations were reduced significantly from baseline in the plant stanol group compared to the control group (p = 0.007, p = 0.005 and p = 0.005, respectively). A variation in the response of serum total and LDL cholesterol between the subjects in plant stanol group was obtained. No clinically significant change in anthropometrical measurements was observed during the intervention. Conclusions: The spoonable low-fat yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters lowered total, LDL, and non-HDL cholesterol levels in Turkish subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. Nevertheless variation in baseline cholesterol levels, genetic predisposition of the subjects and compliance may contribute to a large individual variability.
Dose-related effects of flavanol-rich cocoa on blood pressure; Consumption of flavanol-containing cocoa products has been shown to lower blood pressure (BP), but the minimum dose required to reduce BP is not known. This study aimed to examine the effect of three different doses of cocoa flavanols (CF) on 24-h mean arterial BP. Twenty four hour ambulatory BP (24-ABP) monitoring was performed in 32 men and 20 postmenopausal women with untreated mild hypertension (seated clinic BP >130/85 and <160/100 mm Hg). Participants were randomized and instructed to consume daily a reconstituted cocoa beverage containing 33, 372, 712 or 1052 mg day(-1) of CF for 6 weeks in a double-blind, parallel comparison. Seated clinic BP and 24-h ABP were measured at 0, 3 and 6 weeks. Seated clinic BP did not change during the study period. There were significant reductions in 24-h systolic (5.3 +/- 5.1 mm Hg; P = 0.001), diastolic (3 +/- 3.2 mm Hg; P = 0.002) and mean arterial BP (3.8 +/- 3.2 mm Hg; P = 0.0004) at the 1052 mg day(-1) CF only. No reduction in BP was seen at any other dose. No evidence of dose-response was seen in this experiment. The highest dose of 1052 mg CF per day was found to significantly lower BP. These results support previous evidence for CF to lower BP, however more research is needed to establish the most effective dose and food matrix. Journal of Human Hypertension (2010) 24, 568-576; doi:10.1038/jhh.2009.105; published online 21 January 2010
Probiotic kefir consumption improves serum apolipoprotein A1 levels in metabolic syndrome patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Metabolic syndrome has become a major health hazard of the modern world. Studies investigating the effects of traditional fermented foods on metabolic syndrome are limited. We hypothesized that regular kefir consumption could improve the anthropometrical measurements, glycemic control, lipid profile, blood pressure, and inflammatory status in patients with metabolic syndrome. Sixty-two participants were randomly assigned to receive either 180 mL/d probiotic kefir or unfermented milk for 12 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometrical measurements, biochemical status, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and the end of weeks 4, 8, and 12. Serum apolipoprotein A1 concentration increased by 3.4% in the kefir group, whereas it decreased by 2.4% in the milk group in 12 weeks ( P = .03). A subgroup analysis for participants with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels > 130 mg/dL showed that serum LDL-C and apolipoprotein B concentrations (7.6% and 5.4%, respectively) significantly decreased with kefir consumption compared with the baseline values at the 12th week ( P < .05), but not compared with milk consumption ( P > .05). Both milk and kefir consumption was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure compared with the baseline ( P < .05). The 12-weeks of kefir administration also decreased serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, interleukin 10, interferon-gamma, and homocysteine concentrations significantly ( P < .05). In conclusion, regular dairy consumption as part of a well-balanced diet can provide favorable effects in the management of metabolic syndrome, and probiotic kefir may deserve a special interest among dairy products. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03966846).(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Italian network for obesity and cardiovascular disease surveillance: A pilot project; Background: Also in Mediterranean countries, which are considered a low risk population for cardiovascular disease (CVD), the increase in body mass index (BMI) has become a public health priority. To evaluate the feasibility of a CVD and obesity surveillance network, forty General Practitioners (GPs) were engaged to perform a screening to assess obesity, cardiovascular risk, lifestyle habits and medication use. Methods: A total of 1,046 women and 1,044 men aged 35-74 years were randomly selected from GPs' lists stratifying by age decade and gender. Anthropometric and blood pressure measurements were performed by GPs using standardized methodologies. BMI was computed and categorized in normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)), overweight (BMI 25.0-29.9 kg/m(2)) and obese (BMI = 30 kg/m(2)). Food frequency (per day: fruits and vegetables; per week: meat, cheese, fish, pulses, chocolate, fried food, sweet, wholemeal food, rotisserie food and sugar drink) and physical activity (at work and during leisure time) were investigated through a questionnaire. CVD risk was assessed using the Italian CUORE Project risk function. Results: The percentage of missing values was very low. Prevalence of overweight was 34% in women and 50% in men; prevalence of obesity was 23% in both men and women. Level of physical activity was mostly low or very low. BMI was inversely associated with consumption of pulses, rotisserie food, chocolate, sweets and physical activity during leisure time and directly associated with consumption of meat. Mean value of total cardiovascular risk was 4% in women and 11% in men. One percent of women and 16% of men were at high cardiovascular risk (>= 20% in 10 years). Normal weight persons were four times more likely to be at low risk than obese persons. Conclusion: This study demonstrated the feasibility of a surveillance network of GPs in Italy focusing on obesity and other CVD risk factors. It also provided information on lifestyle habits, such as diet and physical activity.
The Metabolic Effects of Pre-probiotic Supplementation After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass (RYGB) Surgery: a Prospective, Randomized Controlled Study; Purpose Following Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB), positive alterations are observed in gut microbiota and intestinal peptides. Previous studies demonstrated similar alterations observed in cases when pre-probiotics are used without surgery. The aim of this trial was to evaluate the effectiveness of early use of pre-probiotics after RYGB. Material and Methods The operation and follow-up of the patients were performed at Istanbul University Medical Faculty. Thirty-two patients who had undergone RYGB were randomized to pre-probiotic group (PreProBG,n = 16; 200 g/day yogurt plus 10 g/day inulin+oligofructose) and probiotic group (ProBG,n = 16; 200 g/day yogurt only) for 6 months. Blood samples (glucose, insulin, A1c, GLP-1, PYY), anthropometric measurements, and appetite ratings have been evaluated at baseline and 3 (m3) and 6 (m6) months after RYGB. Results Initial anthropometric measurements and appetite ratings decreased significantly after surgery and there were no significant differences between the groups. The decrease of area under the curve(insulin) was less and has a positive correlation with the changes in anthropometric measurements in PreProBG. GLP-1 and PYY which increased dramatically after surgery in all patients were higher in PreProBG. But this increase had a negative correlation with the changes in anthropometric measurements during the study. Conclusion Increased insulin, GLP-1, and PYY secretion was more enhanced by pre-probiotic use in early postoperative period. But this increase not only in anthropometric measurements but also in appetite ratings affects negatively, contrary to expectations. In summary, it should be investigated with new studies that use of pre-probiotics in the late postoperative period may be more effective in patients with weak insulin and incretin response and therefore insufficient weight loss.
Lactopeptides and human blood pressure; Purpose of review Since the mid-1990s, a number of randomized controlled trials have been published that showed an antihypertensive effect of peptides derived from milk. Research has mainly focused on isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline (IPP + VPP), two lactotripeptides that can inhibit the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) in vitro. In Finnish and Japanese subjects with (mild) hypertension, systolic blood pressure (SBP) reductions of approximately 5 mmHg were reported during 4-12 weeks of IPP + VPP supplementation. This review was performed to summarize new data from human intervention studies. Recent findings The effect of lactotripeptides on blood pressure has recently been examined in six double-blind, placebo-controlled trials that involved a total of 780 subjects with high-normal blood pressure or untreated hypertension from the UK and The Netherlands. Intervention periods lasted 4-8 weeks, and IPP + VPP intake ranged from 2 to 10 mg/day. Contrary to earlier trials, there was little evidence for an antihypertensive effect of IPP + VPP. Furthermore, no ACE inhibition was observed in vivo. Summary Recent data do not support a role for lactotripeptides in blood pressure regulation. However, we cannot exclude a beneficial effect in hypertensive subjects from specific populations (e.g. Finland, Japan). Should this be confirmed, more research is needed on mechanisms other than the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system that could be involved.
The effect of bovine colostrum supplementation on exercise performance in elite field hockey players; In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study, we investigated the effect of 8 weeks of supplementation with bovine colostrum (Intact(TM)) on body composition and exercise performance 5 X 10-m sprint, vertical jump, shuttle-run test, and suicide test). Seventeen female and 18 male elite field hockey players, including players from the Dutch national team, received either 60 g of colostrum or whey protein daily. The 5 X 10-m sprint test performance improved significantly (p = .023) more in the colostrum group [0.64 +/- 0.09 s (mean +/- SEM] compared to the whey group (0.33 +/- 0.09 s). The vertical jump performance improved more in the colostrum, group (2.1 +/- 0.73 cm) compared to the whey group (0.32 +/- 0.82 cm). However, this was not statistically significant (P = .119). There were also no significant differences in changes in body composition and endurance tests between the 2 groups. It is concluded that in elite field hockey players, colostrum supplementation improves sprint performance better than whey. However, there were no differences with regard to body composition or endurance performance.
Evidence for a causal association between milk intake and cardiometabolic disease outcomes using a two-sample Mendelian Randomization analysis in up to 1,904,220 individuals; Background High milk intake has been associated with cardio-metabolic risk. We conducted a Mendelian Randomization (MR) study to obtain evidence for the causal relationship between milk consumption and cardio-metabolic traits using the lactase persistence (LCT-13910 C > T, rs4988235) variant as an instrumental variable. Methods We tested the association of LCT genotype with milk consumption (for validation) and with cardio-metabolic traits (for a possible causal association) in a meta-analysis of the data from three large-scale population-based studies (1958 British Birth Cohort, Health and Retirement study, and UK Biobank) with up to 417,236 participants and using summary statistics from consortia meta-analyses on intermediate traits (N = 123,665-697,307) and extended to cover disease endpoints (N = 86,995-149,821). Results In the UK Biobank, carriers of 'T' allele of LCT variant were more likely to consume milk (P = 7.02 x 10(-14)). In meta-analysis including UK Biobank, the 1958BC, the HRS, and consortia-based studies, under an additive model, 'T' allele was associated with higher body mass index (BMI) (Pmeta-analysis = 4.68 x 10(-12)) and lower total cholesterol (TC) (P = 2.40 x 10(-36)), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (P = 2.08 x 10(-26)) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (P = 9.40 x 10(-13)). In consortia meta-analyses, 'T' allele was associated with a lower risk of coronary artery disease (OR:0.86, 95% CI:0.75-0.99) but not with type 2 diabetes (OR:1.06, 95% CI:0.97-1.16). Furthermore, the two-sample MR analysis showed a causal association between genetically instrumented milk intake and higher BMI (P = 3.60 x 10(-5)) and body fat (total body fat, leg fat, arm fat and trunk fat; P < 1.37 x 10(-6)) and lower LDL-C (P = 3.60 x 10(-6)), TC (P = 1.90 x 10(-6)) and HDL-C (P = 3.00 x 10(-5)). Conclusions Our large-scale MR study provides genetic evidence for the association of milk consumption with higher BMI but lower serum cholesterol levels. These data suggest no need to limit milk intakes with respect to cardiovascular disease risk, with the suggested benefits requiring confirmation in further studies.
Dietary medium-chain saturated fatty acids induce gene expression of energy metabolism-related pathways in adipose tissue of abdominally obese subjects; BACKGROUND: Dietary medium-chain saturated fatty acids (MC-SFAs) have been shown to reduce total body fat. Previously, we showed that MC-SFAs prevent body fat accumulation, despite weight gain. Here, we aim to explore potential molecular mechanisms underlying the protective effect of MC-SFAs on body fat gain. METHODS: The DairyHealth study examined the long-term effects of milk protein and milk fat with a low or high content of MC-SFA. In this 12 week, randomized, double-blind, diet intervention study, participants consumed 60 g milk protein (whey or casein) and 63 g milk fat (high MC-SFA or low MC-SFA) daily in a two by two factorial design. We used microarrays to measure whole genome gene expression changes in subcutaneous adipose tissue in a subpopulation of 12 participants, 6 in the low MC-SFA +casein group and 6 in the high MC-SFA+casein group. Gene expression of several genes that were found to be changed by MC-SFAs was confirmed in the full study population using qPCR. RESULTS: High MC-SFA resulted in an upregulation of gene expression related to citric acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation, and a downregulation of gene expression related to complement system and inflammation. CONCLUSIONS: We hypothesize that the beneficial effects of MC-SFAs on prevention of fat accumulation are mediated via increased gene expression related to energy metabolism in the adipose tissue. Decreases in inflammation-related gene expression may have beneficial effects in relation to cardiometabolic diseases.
Effect of adding milk to black tea on vascular function in healthy men and women: a randomised controlled crossover trial; Background: Tea consumption may improve endothelial function and blood pressure via increased bioavailability and bioactivity of nitric oxide. However, questions remain as to the impact of the common practice of adding milk. Objective: To investigate the effect of regular consumption of black tea, with and without milk, on vascular function and blood pressure in healthy volunteers. Design: A randomised, controlled, crossover study was performed in 17 healthy volunteers; 7 men and 10 women, mean age 22.4 +/- 3.0 years. Participants received each of the following treatments in random order for 4 weeks, with no washout period in between, (i) hot water, (ii) black tea and (iii) black tea with milk. Vascular function was assessed using flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) of the brachial artery at the end of each treatment period. In addition, participants monitored their home blood pressure for the last 7 days of each treatment period. A blood and urine sample was also collected at the end of each treatment period. Results: Black tea increased FMD compared to the hot water control group (1.00 +/- 0.18%, P < 0.0001). Black tea with milk decreased FMD compared to both the hot water control (-0.64 +/- 0.19%, P = 0.001) and black tea (-1.64 +/- 0.19%, P < 0.0001). Compared with hot water, black tea did not alter blood pressure, while black tea with milk increased systolic (1.1 +/- 0.5 mmHg, P = 0.03) and diastolic blood pressure (2.0 +/- 0.5 mmHg, P < 0.0001). Black tea (-1.8 +/- 0.5 bpm, P < 0.001) and black tea with milk (-1.8 +/- 0.6 bpm, P < 0.001) lowered heart rate compared to hot water. No significant difference for plasma nitrate or nitrite was observed between treatment groups. Conclusions: The addition of milk to black tea alters the acute/short-term impact of regular tea consumption on vascular function and blood pressure in young healthy men and women. The exact mechanism for this affect remains unknown and longer-term trials to establish this effect in a range of populations are warranted.
Effects of Dairy Products on Intracellular Calcium and Blood Pressure in Adults with Essential Hypertension; Background: Consumption of dairy foods has been associated with lower blood pressure in certain populations. Objective: This study examined the effects of dairy foods on blood pressure (BP) and intracellular calcium ((Ca)(i)) and the dependence of BP changes on changes in (Ca)(i). Design: Twenty-three stage 1 hypertensive adults were fed the following 3 experimental diets (5 wk each) in a randomized cross-over design study; a dairy-rich, high fruits and vegetables diet (D-F & V; 30% fat, 7% saturated fat (SFA), 3.4 servings/d dairy), a high fruits and vegetables diet (F & V; 30% fat, 7% SFA, 0.4 servings/d dairy), and an average Western diet (control; 36% fat, 15% SFA, 0.4 servings/d dairy). Systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) BP, calcium regulatory hormones, and erythrocyte (Ca)(i) were determined. Results: SBP and DBP were significantly reduced by similar to 2 mm Hg following both D-F&V and F&V diets vs. the control (P < 0.05). The D-F&V diet significantly lowered 1,25-dihydroxyvitaminD compared with the F&V and control diets (P < 0.01). Serum calcium, parathyroid hormone, calcitonin, and renin activity were unchanged. The D-F&V diet lowered (Ca)(i) vs. the other two diets (P < 0.01), and this change correlated with the fall in DBP (r = 0.52, P < 0.05). Subjects who responded to the D-F&V diet by significantly reducing (Ca)(i) exhibited significantly greater net decreases in DBP on the D-F&V vs. the F&V (-2.8 +/- 1.0 mm Hg) and control diets (-5.4 +/- 1.0 mm Hg; diet x group interaction, P < 0.02). Conclusion: Consumption of dairy foods beneficially affects (Ca)(i), resulting in improved BP in a subgroup defined by (Ca)(i) response.
Independent contribution of dairy products and calcium intake to blood pressure variations at a population level; Purpose Previous studies have shown a potential inverse relationship between blood pressure and daily calcium intake. The aim of the study was to assess the independent contribution of dairy product and calcium intake to blood pressure variations at a population level. Methods A sample of 912 men aged 45-64 years was randomly selected from the general population, as part of the French MONICA cross-sectional survey on cardiovascular risk factors (1995-1996). Extensive questionnaires on risk factors were filled out and each participant completed a three-consecutive-day food record. Two blood pressure measurements were performed at rest. In statistical analyses subjects were grouped according to quintiles of dairy product or calcium intakes. Results Systolic and diastolic blood pressures significantly decreased from the lowest [145.4 (standard error (SE) 1.55) and 89.0 (SE 0.94) mmHg respectively] to the highest quintile [135.6 (SE 1.26) and 85.3 (SE 0.84) mmHg respectively] of dairy product intakes in bivariate analysis. After multivariate linear regression analysis adjusted for confounders [centre, age, daily sodium, magnesium, calcium and alcohol intake, daily energy intake without alcohol, dieting, physical activity, body mass index (BMI), smoking, and use of antihypertensive or lipid-lowering drugs], the difference in systolic blood pressure remained significant. Results were similar when calcium intake was considered. After adjustment for confounders, the association between calcium-dairy product combination and blood pressure was the most significant when intakes of dairy products and calcium were both higher than the median. Conclusion Dairy products and dietary calcium are both significantly and independently associated with low levels of systolic blood pressure. J Hypertens 24:671 - 681 (c) 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Camel milk ameliorates steatohepatitis, insulin resistance and lipid peroxidation in experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Camel milk (CM) is gaining increasing recognition due to its beneficial effects in the control and prevention of multiple health problems. The current study aimed to investigate the effects of CM on the hepatic biochemical and cellular alterations induced by a high-fat, cholesterol-rich diet (HCD), specifically, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: Seventy male Wistar rats were divided into four groups: the Control (C) Group fed a standard diet; the Control + camel milk (CCM) Group fed a standard diet and CM, the Cholesterol (Ch) Group fed a HCD with no CM, and the Cholesterol + camel milk (ChM) Group fed a HCD and CM. The following parameters were investigated in the studied groups; basal, weekly random and final fasting blood glucose levels, intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (GTT) and insulin tolerance test (ITT), serum insulin, serum lipids, liver functions, lipid peroxidation products, the antioxidant activity of catalase (CAT) and the levels of reduced glutathione (GSH). In addition, HOMA-IR as an index of insulin resistance (IR) and the histopathology of the hepatic tissue were assessed. Results: The Ch Group developed features similar to those of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), characterized by hepatic steatosis; inflammatory cellular infiltration in liver tissue; altered liver functions; and increased total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, atherogenic index (AI), blood glucose, IR, and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels. Additionally, feeding the HCD to animals in the Ch Group decreased CAT activity and the GSH and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels. Camel milk intake for eight weeks decreased hepatic fat accumulation and inflammatory cellular infiltration, preserved liver function, increased the GSH levels and CAT activity, decreased the MDA levels, and ameliorated the changes in the lipid profile, AI, and IR in animals from the ChM Group. Conclusions: CM has a unique composition that is rich in minerals; vitamins, insulin and insulin-like protein, and it increased HDL-cholesterol and ameliorated the biochemical and cellular features of NAFLD in rats that received a HCD. The antioxidant effect of CM is a likely mechanism for the altered metabolism and absorption of HCD in the presence of CM. Regular consumption of CM could provide a natural way to protect against NAFLD induced by a high-fat diet.
Evaluation of goat milk fat and goat milk casein fraction for anti-hypercholesterolaemic and antioxidative properties in hypercholesterolaemic rats; Goat milk fat (GMF) or casein (GMC) were fed to hypercholesterolaemic rats to investigate the effects on lipid homeostasis. Thirty two rats were randomly divided into four groups (eight rats each) and fed on standard diet (SD), cholesterol-enriched diet (CED), or CED containing either GMF (CED thorn GMF) or GMC (CED thorn GMC). Rats fed with CED exhibited higher plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and atherogenic indices, but lower plasma high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels than the SD group. This effect was significantly decreased in the CED thorn GMF or CED thorn GMC groups. HDL-C levels were restored in the CED thorn GMC group while better and pronounced effects were observed for the CED thorn GMF group. Furthermore, CED induced liver cholesterol deposition was attenuated by GMF or GMC and faecal cholesterol excretion was increased in the CED thorn GMF and CED thorn GMC groups. Additionally, plasma/liver lipid peroxidation was decreased in the CED thorn GMF and CED thorn GMC groups. Thus, both GMF and GMC possess anti-hypercholesterolaemic and antioxidative effects. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Antihypertensive effect of casein hydrolysate in a placebo-controlled study in subjects with high-normal blood pressure and mild hypertension; We describe a clinical trial to study the efficacy of a casein hydrolysate, prepared using an Aspergillus oryzae protease, containing the major angiotensin-I-converting enzyme inhibitory peptides Val-Pro-Pro (VPP) and Ile-Pro-Pro (IPP) in a single-blind, placebo-controlled study. A total of 131 volunteers with high-normal blood pressure and mild hypertension were randomly divided into four groups (n 32 or 33 in each group). Each volunteer was given two tablets containing four different dosages of VPP and IPP (VPP + IPP: 0, 1.8, 2.5 and 3.6 mg), daily for 6 weeks. A significant decrease in systolic blood pressure was observed at 6 weeks in the active group receiving 1.8 mg (P < 0.01) VPP and IPP; in the active groups receiving either 2 center dot 5 mg or 3 center dot 6 mg, systolic blood pressure was decreased at both 3 weeks (P < 0.05 and P < 0.05) and 6 weeks (P < 0.001 and P < 0.0001) compared with systolic blood pressure measured before treatment. Changes in the systolic blood pressure after 6 weeks of treatment in the four groups were -1.7, -6.3, -6.7 and -10.1 mmHg, and these effects were dose dependent. In addition, a significant difference in systolic blood pressure between the placebo group and the VPP and IPP group receiving 3 center dot 6 mg was observed (P < 0.001) by two-way ANOVA. The antihypertensive effect was greater in mildly hypertensive subjects (n 20 or 21 in each group) than in any of the other subjects. No significant change of diastolic blood pressure was observed for all the test groups, and no differences in diastolic blood pressure in the test sample groups compared with the placebo group were observed during the test period.
Potential of Probiotics in Hypercholesterolemia: A Review of In Vitro and In Vivo Findings; Context Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a major public health problem in developing and developed countries. Elevated cholesterol levels, especially low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and the emergence of CHD, have been positively correlated in many clinical and epidemiological studies. The health benefits of probiotics have received a great deal of attention, including their blood cholesterol-lowering effects on humans. Objective The research team intended to determine the current state of research examining the effects of various probiotic strains on lipid profiles, including measures in serum of total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Design The review examined studies, in both animal and human models and focused on the potential of various probiotic strains to be dietary adjuncts in lowering levels of serum cholesterol with the aim of reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and CHD. Articles were reviewed systematically from Web search bases including PubMed and Cochrane Clinical Trial Registry. Articles meeting the inclusion search criteria were selected for further review and analysis. Only randomized controlled trials evaluating the effects of probiotics on lipid profiles in animals or humans were considered for inclusion in the review. Setting The selection of articles and further inclusion in the review was performed in Institute of Home Economics, University of Delhi (New Delhi, India). Results Some of the studies, in both animal and human models, have revealed that several strains were able to improve at least 1 lipid fraction. Although the results from animal studies have been fairly consistent, the findings from studies on humans have varied. Some strains when evaluated in human studies have shown insignificant effects on lipid fractions. Conclusions Although several mechanisms for cholesterol removal by probiotics have been proposed, they need further investigation to be validated.
Type II diabetic rats and the hypolipidemic effect of camel milk; Diabetes mellitus is a major risk factor for the development of cardiovascular complications and cardiovascular disease. This study was undertaken to investigate the effect of camel milk on plasma glucose and plasma and tissue lipid profiles in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Diabetes was induced in adult male albino rats of the Wistar strain, weighing 180-200 g, by administration of streptozotocin (40 mg/kg of body weight) intraperitoneally. Rats were randomly divided into five groups: Group I control animals (normal, nondiabetic animals), Group II camel milk control, Group III streptozotocin-diabetic, untreated animals, Group IV streptozotocin-diabetic animals given 250 mL/day camel milk, and Group V streptozotocin-diabetic animals given glibenclamide (600 mu g/kg body weight). The levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, free fatty acids and phospholipids, were assayed in the plasma besides lipoprotein-cholesterol (high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and very low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (VLDL-C)) and tissues (liver, kidney and heart). Total cholesterol, triglyceride, free fatty acid and phospholipid (LDL-C and VLDL-C in plasma only) levels increased in plasma and tissues significantly, while plasma HDL-cholesterol significantly decreased in diabetic rats. Treatment with camel milk prevented the above changes and improved towards normalcy. Thus administration of camel milk is able to reduce hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia related to the risk of diabetes mellitus.
Cholesterol-Lowering Efficacy of Plant Sterols/Stanols Provided in Capsule and Tablet Formats: Results of a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Plant sterols/stanols-enriched foods possess well-documented low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol lowering effect. However, the relative efficacy of plant sterols/stanols as supplements (tablets/capsules) compared with other dietary forms still needs to be determined. Our aim was to precisely identify and quantify the LDL-cholesterol lowering effect of plant sterols/stanols as supplements in contrast to food-based approaches. Eight eligible clinical trials published from January 1992 to April 2013 were identified from five databases. A random effect model was used to calculate weighted mean effect sizes for net differences in LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Among the included trials with the duration between 4 and 6 weeks, plant sterol/stanol dose ranged from 1.0 to 3.0 g/day administrated mainly with the main meals (2 or 3 times/ day). Intake of plant sterol/stanol supplements decreased LDL-cholesterol concentrations by 12 mg/dL (0.31 mmol/L) (95% CI -0.39 to 0.23; P<0.000) compared with placebo. The test of heterogeneity was not significant (chi(2), P=0.50, I-2=0%). Further analysis showed no significant difference between the LDL-cholesterol lowering action of plant sterols/stanols supplements (-12 mg/dL [-0.31 mmol/L]; 95% Cl -0.39 to -0.24; P<0.0001) vs foods enriched with plant sterols/stanols (-12 mg/dL [ 0.31 mmol/L]; 95% Cl -0.35 to -0.27; P<0.0001). Plant sterol/stanol supplements as part of a healthy diet represent an effective means of delivering LDL-cholesterol lowering similar to plant sterols/stanols delivered in various food formats.
Probiotic Minas Frescal cheese added with <i>L-casei</i> 01: Physicochemical and bioactivity characterization and effects on hematological/biochemical parameters of hypertensive overweighted women - A randomized double-blind pilot trial; This study aimed to evaluate the effects of Lactobacilli's casei 01 on quality parameters of Minas Frescal cheese and to investigate the hematological and clinical effects of its regular consumption on hypertensive overweighed women (n = 30, 50 g, 28 days). Microbiological (lactic acid bacteria and probiotic counts), physicochemical parameters (proximate composition, pH, proteolysis, organic acid levels, and fatty acid profile), water mobility (TD-NMR), bioactivity [antioxidant and angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory activity], and microstructure were evaluated. The addition of L. casei 01 (10(8) CFU/g) did not change the proximate composition and the microstructure of the cheeses, while a more suitable fatty acid profile, lower pH, and higher antioxidant and ACE inhibitory activities, proteolysis and organic acid levels were observed. L. casei 01 improved the total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triacylglycerides, diastolic and systolic pressure, hemoglobin, and hematocrit count of the hypertensive overweighed women.
Milk fermented with probiotic strains Lactobacillus rhamnosus MTCC: 5957 and Lactobacillus rhamnosus MTCC: 5897 ameliorates the diet-induced hypercholesterolemia in rats; The current study was intended to investigate the cholesterol-lowering potential of the two Lactobacillus rhamnosus probiotic strains, LR 5957 and LR 5897, isolated from dahi'. Cholesterol-lowering ability of both strains was determined in in vitro conditions. For in vivo investigations, the Wistar rats were randomly assigned into five groups and treated with different diets: standard diet (SD), high-cholesterol diet (HCD), HCD with Milk, HCD with LR 5957-fermented milk, and HCD with LR 5897-fermented milk. After 3months of feeding, different parameters of hypercholesterolemia were measured in blood, feces, liver, and kidney. Both the strains, LR 5957 and LR 5897, showed the ability to grow in the presence of cholesterol and eliminate the cholesterol under in vitro conditions. In vivo results indicate that consumption of probiotic-fermented milk has significantly reduced the HCD-induced body weight, hyperlipidemia, and hepatic lipids (total cholesterol and triacylglycerol). Further, increased cholesterol excretion in feces was also observed in probiotic-fed groups. The studied fermented milk also helped to maintain healthy liver and kidney by increasing the antioxidant activities and decreasing the lipid peroxidation. Consumption of probiotic-fermented milk also found to decrease the mRNA expression of the inflammatory markers TNF- and IL-6 in the liver. Overall, our results indicate that the L. rhamnosus strains, LR 5957 and LR 5897, are two potential probiotic strains that can ameliorate the diet-induced hypercholesterolemia.
The effect on the blood lipid profile of soy foods combined with a prebiotic: a randomized controlled trial; The value of soy protein as part of the cholesterol-lowering diet has been questioned by recent studies. The apparent lack of effect may relate to the absence of dietary factors that Increase colonic fermentation and potentiate the cholesterol-lowering effect of soy Therefore, unabsorbable carbohydrates (prebiotics) were added to the diet with the aim of increasing colonic fermentation and so potentially increasing the hypocholesterolemic effect of soy Twenty-three hyperlipidemic adults (11 male, 12 female, 58 +/- 7 years old; low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C], 4 18 +/- 0 58 mmol/L) completed three 4-week diet intervention phases a low-fat dairy diet and 10 g/d prebiotic (oligofructose-enriched inulin, a fermentable carbohydrate), a soy food containing diet (30 g/d soy protein, 61 mg/d isoflavones from soy foods) and 10 g/d placebo (maltodextrin), and a soy food containing diet with 10 g/d prebiotic in a randomized controlled crossover study Intake of soy plus prebiotic resulted in greater reductions in LDL-C (-0 18 +/- 0 07 mmol/L, P = 042) and in ratio of LDL-C to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-0 28 +/- 0 11, P = .041) compared with prebiotic In addition, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly Increased on soy plus prebiotic compared with prebiotic (0 06 +/- 0 02 mmol/L. P = 029). Differences in bifidobacteria, total anaerobes, aerobes, and breath hydrogen did not reach significance Soy foods in conjunction with a prebiotic resulted in significant improvements in the lipid profile, not seen when either prebiotic or soy alone was taken Coingestion of a prebiotic may potentiate the effectiveness of soy foods as part of the dietary strategy to lower scrum cholesterol (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved
Low fat and high monounsaturated fat diets decrease human low density lipoprotein oxidative susceptibility in vitro; Oxidative modification of low density lipoprotein (LDL) is thought to play an important role in the development of atherosclerosis. Some studies have found that LDL enriched in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) are less susceptible to oxidation than LDL enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). A high MUFA diet is an alternative to a lower-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diet. Less is known about the effects of high MUFA Versus lower-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diets on LDL oxidative susceptibility. The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of men and women consuming diets high in MUFA (peanuts plus peanut butter, peanut oil and olive oil) on LDL oxidative susceptibility, and to compare these effects with those of a Step II blood cholesterol-lowering diet. A randomized, double-blind, five-period crossover design (n = 20) was used to study the effects of the following diets on LDL-oxidation: average American [35% fat, 15% saturated fatty acids (SFA)], Step II (25% fat, 7% SFA), olive oil (35% fat, 7% SFA), peanut oil (35% fat, 7% SFA) and peanuts plus peanut butter (35% fat, 8% SFA). The average American diet resulted in the shortest lag time (57 +/- 6 min) for LDL oxidized ex vivo, whereas the Step II, olive oil and peanuts plus peanut butter diets resulted in a lag time of 66 +/- 6 min (P less than or equal to 0.1). The slower rate of oxidation [nmol dienes/(min mg LDL protein)] observed when subjects comsumed the olive oil diet (24 +/- 2) versus the average American (28 +/- 2), peanut oil (28 +/- 2) and peanuts plus peanut butter diets (29 +/- 2; P less than or equal to 0.05) was associated with a lower LDL PUFA content. The results of this study suggest that lower-fat and higher-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diets high in MUFA have similar effects on LDL oxidative resistance. In addition, our results suggest that different high MUFA sources varying in the ratio of MUFA to PUFA can be incorporated into a high MUFA diet without increasing the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation.
Duration of Breast-feeding and Adiposity in Adult Life; Few studies have examined whether the duration of breast-feeding is associated with BMI in adult life. In the past, the heights and weights of infants and the duration of breast-feeding were routinely recorded at infant welfare clinics in Helsinki, Finland. Most infants in the city were taken to these free clinics. The Helsinki Birth Cohort comprises 13,345 people born in the city during 1934-1944; 84% were breast-fed. In 2001, a questionnaire was sent to members of the cohort asking about their weight and height. A random sample of 2003 men and women attended a clinic at which height, weight, and body composition were measured. We studied sibships that included 2 or more people from the cohort. There were 1823 subjects: 831 had completed the questionnaire; 129 had attended the clinic. We grouped the subjects according to duration of breast-feeding: 0-2 mo, 3-4 mo, 5-7 mo, and 8 mo or more. We compared siblings who were discordant for duration of breast-feeding. We found that a longer period of breast-feeding was associated with lower BMI at 1 y of age (P = 0.04 for a linear trend). This relation disappeared by the age of 7 y. People breast-fed for 5-7 mo had the lowest reported BMI at age 60 y, although this was not statistically significant; 8.8% more people breast-fed for 8 mo or more had reported BMIs that were overweight (25 to 30 kg/m(2)) compared with those breast-fed for shorter periods (P = 0.06). Breast-feeding for < 2 mo or 8 mo or more was associated with an increased BM I and percentage body fat in later life, measured at the clinic (P = 0.08 and P = 0.03 for quadratic trends). We conclude that breast-feeding for <2 mo may be deleterious, possibly because of lack of exposure to protective factors in breast milk. Breast-feeding beyond 8 mo may be deleterious because mother's hormones in breast milk reset the infant's hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis. J. Nutr. 139: 422S-425S, 2009.
Probiotic capsules do not lower plasma lipids in young women and men; Objective: To investigate the effect of probiotic capsules on plasma lipids. Design: A randomized, single-blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel-arm trial. Subjects: Fifty-five normocholesterolemic subjects ages 18-36 (33 premenopausal women and 22 men). Intervention: Each subject consumed either three probiotic capsules each containing a total of 10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium longum and 10-15mg fructo-oligosaccharide or three placebo capsules daily for 2 months (men) or two menstrual cycles (women). Plasma lipids were measured before and following the intervention (during the early follicular phase for women). Results: Plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride were not altered by consumption of probiotic or placebo capsules and were not different between treatment groups following the intervention. Conclusions: These results do not support a beneficial effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus strain DDS-1 and Bifidobacterium longum strain UABL-14 on plasma lipids in normocholesterolemic young women and men. Sponsorship: Supported by the Minnesota Agricultural Experiment Station and UAS Laboratories.
Effects of <i>Moringa oleife</i>ra silage on milk yield, nutrient digestibility and serum biochemical indexes of lactating dairy cows; This study investigated the effects of Moringa oleifera (MO) as a partial substitute of alfalfa hay on milk yield, nutrient apparent digestibility and serum biochemical indexes of dairy cows. MO was harvested at 120 days post-seeding. Fresh MO was cut, mixed with chopped oat hay (425:575 on a DM basis), ensiled and stored for 60 days. Sixty healthy Holstein dairy cows were allocated to one of three groups: NM (no MO or control), LM (low MO; 25% alfalfa hay and 50% maize silage were replaced by MO silage) or HM (high MO; 50% alfalfa hay and 100% maize silage were replaced by MO silage). The feeding trial lasted 35 days. The LM and HM diets did not affect dry matter (DM) intake, milk yield or milk composition (lactose, milk fat, milk protein and somatic cell count). The apparent digestibility of DM and NDF was lower for HM group than NM group. Additionally, there were no significant differences in serum biochemical indexes between the LM and NM groups. The HM group had lower serum concentrations of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and higher serum concentrations of urea than the NM group. The partial replacement of alfalfa hay (<= 50%) and maize silage with MO silage had no negative effects on milk yield, in vivo nutrient apparent digestibility or serum biochemical indexes of lactating cows.
Dietary phosphorus intake and blood pressure in adults: a systematic review of randomized trials and prospective observational studies; Background: Elevated blood pressure (BP) is a major cause of preventable disease in the United States and around the world. It has been postulated that phosphorus intake may affect BP, with some studies suggesting a direct and others an inverse association. Objectives: We systematically reviewed the literature on the association of dietary phosphorus with BP in adults and performed a qualitative synthesis. Methods: We included randomized and nonrandomized behavioral intervention and feeding studies (intervention studies) and prospective observational studies that measured dietary phosphorus intake or urinary phosphorus excretion and BP. We excluded studies of supplements, children, or individuals with major medical conditions. We searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Trials, and clinicaltrials. gov on 1 June, 2017 and 22 August, 2018. We assessed studies' risk of bias in their assessment of phosphorus exposure and BP. Results: We reviewed 4759 publications and included 14 intervention studies (2497 participants), 3 prospective observational cohorts (17,795 participants), and 2 ongoing trials. No included intervention studies were designed specifically to achieve a phosphorus contrast. Two studies found a significant positive association of dietary phosphorus with systolic BP, 4 a significant inverse association, and 8 no significant association. Four studies found a significant inverse association with diastolic BP and 10 no significant associations. Two cohorts found lower risk of incident hypertension comparing the highest with the lowest quintiles of phosphorus intake and 1 found no significant difference: HR: 0.86 (95% CI: 0.75, 0.98); HR: 0.83 (95% CI: 0.68, 1.02); and HR: 0.75 (95% CI: 0.45, 1.27), respectively. Conclusions: We found no consistent association between total dietary phosphorus intake and BP in adults in the published literature nor any randomized trials designed to examine this association.
Effects of non-fat dairy products added to the routine diet on vascular function: A randomized controlled crossover trial; Background and aims: High consumption of low-and non-fat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure (BP) and central arterial stiffness. However, interventional studies to determine if the addition of non-fat dairy products to the diet is capable of reducing central BP and improving vascular function are lacking. The aim of this study was to determine if the solitary addition of non-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce central BP and improve vascular function in middle-aged and older adults with elevated BP. Methods and results: Using a randomized, crossover intervention study design, forty-nine adults (44% men, 53 +/- 2 years, 170 +/- 2 cm, 88 +/- 3 kg; mean +/- SEM) with elevated BP (134 +/- 1/81 +/- 1 mm Hg) underwent a High Dairy condition (+4 servings/day of conventional non-fat dairy products) and No Dairy condition (+4 servings/day fruit products) in which all dairy products were removed. Both dietary conditions lasted 4 weeks with a 2-week washout before crossing over into the alternate condition. The High Dairy condition produced reductions in central systolic BP (-3 +/- 1 mm Hg) and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (+0.5 +/- 0.1 m/sec), with a concomitant increase in brachial flow-mediated dilation (+1.1 +/- 0.4%) and cardiovagal baroreflex sensitivity (+5 +/- 1 ms/mm Hg) (P < 0.05 for all vs. baseline). In the No Dairy condition, brachial flow-mediated dilation was reduced (-1.0 +/- 0.1%, P < 0.05 vs. baseline). Conclusions: The solitary manipulation of conventional dairy products in the normal routine diet modulates levels of central BP and vascular function in middle-aged and older adults with elevated BP. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of probiotic supplementation on lipid profile of women with rheumatoid arthritis: A randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background: Probiotics are live beneficial microorganisms which may exert hypolipidemic effects through many mechanisms. Lipid profile disturbances are frequently reported in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of Lactobacillus casei on serum lipids of RA women. Methods: In the present parallel randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, 60 RA patients were recruited and divided into 2 groups. They received either a daily capsule containing 10(8) CFU of L. casei 01, or identical capsules containing maltodextrin, for 8 weeks. Anthropometric parameters, dietary intake and physical activity were assessed at 2 ends of the study. Serum levels of total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglyceride (TG) were measured. Independent-samples t test and analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) test, and paired t test were used to test between-and within-group differences, respectively. Results: There were no significant between-or within-group differences for demographic and anthropometric parameters, physical activity and dietary intakes, throughout the study. No statistically significant within-group changes were observed for serum lipids in either group; between-group differences were also insignificant by the end of study period (TC: -0.18 [-0.65, 0.29], P = 0.801, HDL-C: -1.66 [-19.28, 15.59], P = 0.663, LDL-C: -2.73 [-19.17, 13.73], P = 0.666, TG: 0.12 [-19.76, 20.00], P = 0.900). Conclusion: Lactobacillus casei 01 could not improve serum lipids in RA patients. Further studies using probiotic foods and different probiotic strains are suggested.
Hypocholesterolemic Effect of Sonication-killed <i>Bifidobacterium longum</i> Isolated from Healthy Adult Koreans in High Cholesterol Fed Rats; We have previously reported that live Bifidobacterium longum SPM1207, a strain isolated from healthy adult Koreans, significantly reduced serum cholesterol in broth and rat. We here examined the effect of oral administration of sonication-killed B. longum SPM1207 on serum cholesterol in rats in order to investigate whether this killed strain could be utilized as a potent probiotics for human and animals. Dietary treatments consisted of 3 treatment groups of 24 rats each randomly assigned to either normal diet, high cholesterol diet and saline (HCS), or high cholesterol diet and sonication-killed B. longu,m SPM1207 (HCKB) for 3 weeks. Although HDL-cholesterol levels in the serum were not significantly (p > 0.05) different between HCKB rats and HCS rats, total and LDL-cholesterol levels in the serum were significantly (p < 0.05) less increased in HCKB (total: 177.71 mg/dL, LDL-: 60.50 mg/dL) rats when compared to HCS (total: 237.17 mg/dL, LDL-: 71.50 mg/dL) rats. AT was significantly (p < 0.05) lower in HCKB (4.95 mg/dL) rats when compared to HCS (9.22 mg/dL) rats. Body weight increase and relative liver weight were significantly (p < 0.05) lower in HCKB rats when compared to HCS rats. Over the time, high cholesterol diet caused dry feces accompanied by decreased fecal water content (66.00 to 61.94%) but sonication-killed B. longum SPM1207 administration increased fecal water content (71.58 to 74.25%). The results in the current study provide evidence that the sonication-killed cells of B. logum SPM1207 isolated from healthy adult Koreans have a greater potential to be used as a cholesterol-lowering agent. Furthermore, the current study suggest that this killed specific strain may play role in part in blocking the body weight increase and relieving or eliminating constipation.
Changes in body composition following a dietary and lifestyle intervention trial: The postmenopausal health study; Objective: To examine whether dietary changes and the consumption of dairy products fortified with calcium and vitamin D(3) versus the use of a calcium supplement alone could have any effect on anthropometric and body composition indices of postmenopausal women over a 12-month period. Methods: 101 healthy postmenopausal women were randomized to a dietary intervention group (DG: n=39), receiving approximately 1200 mg of calcium and 7.5 mu g of vitamin D3 per day via fortified dairy products and attending biweekly dietary and lifestyle intervention sessions; a calcium supplemented group (CaG: n = 26) receiving a total of 1200 mg calcium per day; and a control group who continued with their usual diet (CG: n = 36). Dietary, physical activity, anthropometric, body composition and distribution (based on DXA) data were collected at baseline and after 12 months of intervention. Results: No significant differences were observed in the mean 12-month changes in certain anthropometric (i.e. weight, BMI) and DXA (i.e. total body fat and lean mass) indices between groups. However, the DG was found to have a lower decrease in mid-arm muscle circumference (P < 0.001) and a lower increase in the sum of skinfolds' thickness (P = 0.042) compared with the CaG and the CG. Furthermore, the DG was also found to have a greater decrease in the percentage of legs' fat mass (P = 0.025) and a higher increase in the percentage of legs' lean mass (P = 0.012) compared with the two other groups. Conclusion: The application of a holistic intervention approach combining nutrition and lifestyle counseling with consumption of fortified dairy products for 12 months was found to have favourable changes in certain anthropometric and body composition indices compared to calcium supplementation alone. (c) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hypolipidemic Effects and Safety of <i>Lactobacillus Reuteri</i> 263 in a Hamster Model of Hyperlipidemia; We aimed to verify the beneficial effects of probiotic strain Lactobacillus reuteri 263 (Lr263) on hypolipidemic action in hamsters with hyperlipidemia induced by a 0.2% cholesterol and 10% lard diet (i.e., high-cholesterol diet (HCD)). Male Golden Syrian hamsters were randomly divided into two groups: normal (n = 8), standard diet (control), and experimental (n = 32), a HCD. After a two-week induction followed by a six-week supplementation with Lr263, the 32 hyperlipidemic hamsters were divided into four groups (n = 8 per group) to receive vehicle or Lr263 by oral gavage at 2.1, 4.2, or 10.5 x 10(9) cells/kg/day for 6 weeks, designated the HCD, 1X, 2X and 5X groups, respectively. The efficacy and safety of Lr263 supplementation were evaluated by lipid profiles of serum, liver and feces and by clinical biochemistry and histopathology. HCD significantly increased serum levels of total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TG) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, hepatic and fetal TC and TG levels, and degree of fatty liver as compared with controls. Lr263 supplementation dose dependently increased serum HDL-C level and decreased serum TC, TG, LDL-C levels, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, hepatic TC and TG levels, and fecal TG level. In addition, Lr263 supplementation had few subchronic toxic effects. Lr263 could be a potential agent with a hypolipidemic pharmacological effect.
Eating habits and intensity of medication in elderly hypertensive outpatients; Several dietary factors have been shown to lower blood pressure in elderly patients in clinical trials, but it is not known how eating habits affect blood pressure control in outpatients treated with antihypertensive drugs. We obtained data on dietary information regarding food groups rich in potassium, magnesium, and calcium by submitting a questionnaire to 190 elderly outpatients. Brood pressure levels and the intensity and cost of antihypertensive treatment were obtained from clinical records. The mean age and blood pressure were 72.3+/-9.3 years and 138.7+/-15.2/74.6+/-8.8 mmHg, respectively. Patients were divided into three groups on the basis of the intensity of medication: the LS group (n = 52), treated with a low dose of a single drug; the HS group: (n = 95), treated with a high dose of a single drug; and the M group (n = 43), treated with multiple drugs. Average age, body mass index, blood pressure levels, and extent of target organ damage were similar among the three groups. Intake frequency (rarely, once or twice per week, 3 to 6 times per week, or every day) of the food groups was compared among the three groups. The LS group ate fruit (p<0.05) and seaweed (p<0.01) with significant frequency compared with the other groups, whereas milk and dairy products were taken with similar frequency by all groups. The monthly cost of antihypertensive medications averaged does not satisfy 17,218+/-620 in the LS group, does not satisfy 17,746+/-375 in the HS group, and does not satisfy 20,066+/-1,364 in the M group. These data suggest that habitual intake of foods rich in potassium and magnesium are associated with reduced intensity and cost of medication and with preservation of blood pressure control in elderly hypertensive outpatients.
Comparison of the effect of daily consumption of probiotic compared with low-fat conventional yogurt on weight loss in healthy obese women following an energy-restricted diet: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Despite evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics and low-fat dairy products; to our knowledge, no study has compared the beneficial effect on weight loss of consuming a pro biotic yogurt (PY) compared with a standard low-fat yogurt (LF) during a hypoenergetic program. Objective: We compared the effect of the PY with LF yogurt consumption on body weight and cardiometabolic risk factors in women during a weight-loss program. Design: Overweight and obese women [body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 27-40; age: 18-50 y) who usually consumed standard LFs were asked to consume either PY or LF every day with their main meals for 12 wk while following a weight-loss program. Results: A total of 89 participants were randomly assigned to one of the 2 intervention groups. Baseline variables were not significantly different between groups. A statistically significant reduction in anthropometric measurements and significant improvements in cardiometabolic risk characteristics were observed over the 12 wk in both groups. However, no significant differences in weight loss and anthropometric measurements were seen between groups after the intervention. Compared with the LF group, the PY group had a greater (mean +/- SD) decrease in total cholesterol (PY = -0.36 +/- 0.10 mmol/L, LF = -0.31 +/- 0.10 mmol/L; P = 0.024), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (PY = -0.35 +/- 0.10 mmol/L, LF = -0.31 +/- 0.11 mmol/L; P = 0.018), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (PY = 0.55 +/- 0.32, LF = 0.42 +/- 0.20; P = 0.002), 2-h postprandial glucose (PY = 0.61 +/- 0.24 mmol/L, LF = -0.44 +/- 0.19 mmol/L; P < 0.001), and fasting insulin concentration (PY = -1.76 +/- 1.01 mU/mL, LF = 1.32 0.62 mU/mL; P = 0.002), as secondary endpoints after the study. No significant differences were found for fasting plasma glucose, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or triglycerides within both groups after the 12 wk. Conclusion: Consumption of PY compared with LF with main meals showed no significant effects on weight loss. However, it may have positive effects on lipid profiles and insulin sensitivity during a weight-loss program. This trial was registered at http://www.irct.ir/ as IRCT201402177754N8.
Effect of a cholesterol-lowering diet on maternal, cord, and neonatal lipids, and pregnancy outcome: A randomized clinical trial; Objective: We assessed the effect of a cholesterol-lowering diet on maternal, cord, and neonatal plasma lipids and pregnancy outcome. Study design: Nonsmoking white women with singleton pregnancies (n = 290), aged 21 to 38 years, and with no previous pregnancy-related complications, were randomized to either continue their usual diet or to adopt a diet that promoted fish, low-fat meats and dairy products, oils, whole grains, fruits, vegetables, and legumes from gestational week 17 to 20 to birth. Results: Maternal total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were lowered in the intervention compared with the control group (P <.01). Lipid levels in cord blood and in neonates born to mothers in the intervention versus the control groups did not differ. In the intention-to-treat cohort 1 (0.7%) of 141 women in the intervention group versus 11 (7.4%) of 149 women in the control group delivered before 37 weeks (RR 0.10; 95% CI 0.01-0.77). The incidence of other pregnancy complications and birth weight was similar in both groups. Conclusion: A cholesterol-lowering diet may modify maternal lipid levels but not cord and neonatal lipids. The marked observed effect of this diet on the reduction of preterm delivery in low-risk pregnancies should encourage future larger studies to clarify the role of such a diet in the prevention of preterm birth. (C) 2005 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of almonds on anthropometric measurements and lipid profile in overweight and obese females in a weight reduction program: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Due to the wholesome benefits of nuts increased consumption of them has been recommended. However, because of nut's high energy density, the role of them in the treatment of overweight and obesity is vague. This current clinical trial study aims to investigate the effects of a balanced hypocaloric almond-enriched diet (AED) (almond group) in comparison to a balanced hypocaloric nut-free diet (NFD) (nut-free group) on body weight and cardiovascular disease risk factors in women with body mass index (BMI) > 25 for 3-month. Materials and Methods: A total of 108 overweight and obese women were assigned in our 3-month randomized controlled trial. The subjects were randomly divided into two groups regarding a balanced hypocaloric diet with or without almond. The planned reduced calorie diets for both groups were identical except for the almond group who consumed 50 g of almonds daily. Anthropometric and laboratory measurements of the participants who completed the study were made prior to and at the end of the study. Results: A total of 100 subjects completed the study. Weight, BMI, waist circumference, waist to hip circumference ratio, total cholesterol, and triglyceride, total: High density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), fasting blood sugar and diastolic blood pressure decreased significantly in the almond group compared to the nut-free group (P > 0.001). Greater reduction in low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (P > 0.002) and systolic blood pressure (P > 0.001) and greater increase in HDL-C (P = 0.001) were found in the nut-free group. Conclusion: The balanced hypocaloric AED in comparison to the balanced hypocaloric NFD led to a greater weight-loss and overall better improvements in studied cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Hemodynamic Effects of Lactotripeptides from Casein Hydrolysate in Mediterranean Normotensive Subjects and Patients with High-Normal Blood Pressure: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Crossover Clinical Trial; Contrasting data partially support a certain antihypertensive efficacy of lactotripeptides derived from enzymatic treatment of casein hydrolysate. We carried out a randomized, double-blind, crossover clinical study to investigate the antihypertensive efficacy of a short-term treatment with lactotripeptides in Mediterranean subjects with normal or high-normal blood pressure (BP). We consecutively enrolled 55 untreated subjects (men: women 30: 25), 40.3 +/- 9.8 years old, with normal or high-normal BP. After 4 weeks of dietary standardization, they were allocated to treatment with a fruit juice containing 3 mg of added Ile-Pro-Pro/Val-Pro-Pro lactotripeptides or with placebo for 4 weeks. After a 4-week washout period, they were then assigned to the alternative treatment for a further period of 4 weeks. Overall, no significant difference has been observed in office BP comparing baseline data with those posttreatment. Repeating the analysis by basal BP level, a mild but significant reduction in systolic BP (-1.7 +/- 2.3mm Hg; t=3.5, P=.002) has been observed only in subjects with high-normal BP after treatment with lactotripeptides. With regard to 24-hour BP measurement, after lactotripeptide treatment only, the subjects experienced a significant reduction in diurnal diastolic BP (-1.6 +/- 5.4mm Hg; P=.042), diurnal mean BP (-2.1 +/- 5.9mm Hg; P=.19), and 24-hour (-5.4 +/- 14.2mm Hg; P=.011) and diurnal (-7.1 +/- 19.2%; P=.014) diastolic BP value measurements relative to normal values. No modification has been observed in relation to plasma renin activity and aldosteronemia. In conclusion, diurnal diastolic BP is significantly reduced by lactrotripeptide supplementation in untreated Mediterranean subjects with normal or high-normal BP. Office systolic BP is reduced only in subjects with high-normal BP.
Effect of probiotic fermented milk on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Previous studies have suggested that probiotic fermented milk may possess blood pressure (BP)-lowering properties. In the present study, we aimed to systematically examine the effect of probiotic fermented milk on BP by conducting a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. PubMed, Cochrane library and the ClinicalTrials.gov databases were searched up to March 2012 to identify eligible studies. The reference lists of the obtained articles were also reviewed. Either a fixed-effects or a random-effects model was used to calculate the combined treatment effect. Meta-analysis of fourteen randomised placebo-controlled trials involving 702 participants showed that probiotic fermented milk, compared with placebo, produced a significant reduction of 3.10mmHg (95% CI -4.64, -1.56) in systolic BP and 1.09mmHg (95% CI -2.11, -0.06) in diastolic BP. Subgroup analyses suggested a slightly greater effect on systolic BP in hypertensive participants than in normotensive ones (-3.98 v. -2.09 mmHg). Analysis of trials conducted in Japan showed a greater reduction than those conducted in European countries for both systolic BP (-6.12 v. -2.08 mmHg) and diastolic BP (-3.45 v. -0.52 mmHg). Some evidence of publication bias was present, but sensitivity analysis excluding small trials that reported extreme results only affected the pooled effect size minimally. In summary, the present meta-analysis suggested that probiotic fermented milk has BP-lowering effects in pre-hypertensive and hypertensive subjects.
Lactic acid bacteria affect serum cholesterol levels, harmful fecal enzyme activity, and fecal water content; Background: Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are beneficial probiotic organisms that contribute to improved nutrition, microbial balance, and immuno-enhancement of the intestinal tract, as well as lower cholesterol. Although present in many foods, most trials have been in spreads or dairy products. Here we tested whether Bifidobacteria isolates could lower cholesterol, inhibit harmful enzyme activities, and control fecal water content. Methods: In vitro culture experiments were performed to evaluate the ability of Bifidobacterium spp. isolated from healthy Koreans (20 similar to 30 years old) to reduce cholesterol-levels in MRS broth containing polyoxyethanylcholesterol sebacate. Animal experiments were performed to investigate the effects on lowering cholesterol, inhibiting harmful enzyme activities, and controlling fecal water content. For animal studies, 0.2 ml of the selected strain cultures (10(8)similar to 10(9) CFU/ml) were orally administered to SD rats (fed a high-cholesterol diet) every day for 2 weeks. Results: B. longum SPM1207 reduced serum total cholesterol and LDL levels significantly (p < 0.05), and slightly increased serum HDL. B. longum SPM1207 also increased fecal LAB levels and fecal water content, and reduced body weight and harmful intestinal enzyme activities. Conclusion: Daily consumption of B. longum SPM1207 can help in managing mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia, with potential to improve human health by helping to prevent colon cancer and constipation.
Effects of comprehensive lifestyle modification on diet, weight, physical fitness, and blood pressure control: 18-Month results of a randomized trial; Background: The main 6-month results from the PREMIER trial showed that comprehensive behavioral intervention programs improve lifestyle behaviors and lower blood pressure. Objective: To compare the 18-month effects of 2 multicomponent behavioral interventions versus advice only on hypertension status, lifestyle changes, and blood pressure. Design: Multicenter, 3-arm, randomized trial conducted from January 2000 through November 2002. Setting: 4 clinical centers and a coordinating center. Patients: 810 adult volunteers with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (systolic blood pressure, 120 to 159 mm Hg; diastolic blood pressure, 80 to 95 mm Hg). Interventions: A multicomponent behavioral intervention that implemented long-established recommendations ("established"); a multicomponent behavioral intervention that implemented the established recommendations plus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet ("established plus DASH"); and advice only. Measurements: Lifestyle variables and blood pressure status. Follow-up for blood pressure measurement at 18 months was 94%. Results: Compared with advice only, both behavioral interventions statistically significantly reduced weight, fat intake, and sodium intake. The established plus DASH intervention also statistically significantly increased fruit, vegetable, dairy, fiber, and mineral intakes. Relative to the advice only group, the odds ratios for hypertension at 18 months were 0.83 (95% Cl, 0.67 to 1.04) for the established group and 0.77 (Cl, 0.62 to 0.97) for the established plus DASH group. Although reductions in absolute blood pressure at 18 months were greater for participants in the established and the established plus DASH groups than for the advice only group, the differences were not statistically significant. Limitations: The exclusion criteria and the volunteer nature of this cohort may limit generalizability. Although blood pressure is a well-accepted risk factor for cardiovascular disease, the authors were not able to assess intervention effects on clinical cardiovascular events in this limited time and with this sample size. Conclusions: Over 18 months, persons with prehypertension and stage 1 hypertension can sustain multiple lifestyle modifications that improve control of blood pressure and could reduce the risk for chronic disease.
An Open-label Randomized Controlled Trial to Compare Weight Gain of Very Low Birth Weight Babies with or without Addition of Coconut Oil to Breast Milk; Background Nutritional guidelines involving the feeding of very low birth weight babies (VLBW) recommend addition of Human Milk Fortifiers to breast milk. Owing to financial constraints, it is a practice in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC) to add coconut oil to aid better weight gain. There are inadequate data on improvement of growth parameters with oral coconut oil supplementation of breast milk. Methods In this randomized controlled trial, we measured growth parameters and body composition of 60 babies who received either breast milk with coconut oil or breast milk alone. Randomization was stratified according to intrauterine growth appropriate for gestational age (n=30) and small for gestational age (n=30). Results There was no difference in weight gain between the two groups. The weight gain velocity was 153.6 and 14.4 +/- 3.4g/kg/day (p value=0.49) in the breast milk alone and in the breast milk with coconut oil group, respectively. There was no difference in increase in head circumference and length. Triceps skinfold thickness (n=56) was similar in both groups, but subscapular skinfold thickness was significantly more in the coconut oil group. Total body fat percentage did not differ between the groups (25.2 +/- 4.3 vs. 25.5 +/- 4.3%, p=0.79). Conclusion Oral supplementation of coconut oil along with breast milk did not increase growth parameters or result in change in body composition in very low birth weight (VLBW) babies.
Direct comparison of a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods with a statin in hypercholesterolemic participants; Background: 3-Hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors reduce serum cholesterol and are increasingly advocated in primary prevention to achieve reductions in LDL cholesterol. Newer dietary approaches combining cholesterol-lowering foods may offer another option, but these approaches have not been compared directly with statins in the same persons. Objective: The objective was to compare, in the same subjects, the cholesterol-lowering potential of a dietary portfolio with that of a statin. Design: Thirty-four hyperlipidemic participants underwent all three 1-mo treatments in random order as outpatients: a very-low-saturated-fat diet (control diet), the same diet plus 20 mg lovastatin (statin diet), and a diet high in plant sterols (1.0 g/1000 kcal), soy-protein foods (including soy milks and soy burgers, 21.4 g/1000 kcal), almonds (14 g/1000 kcal), and viscous fibers from oats, barley, psyllium, and the vegetables okra and eggplant (10 g/1000 kcal) (portfolio diets). Fasting blood samples were obtained at 0, 2, and 4 wk. Results: LDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased by 8.5 +/- 1.9%, 33.3 +/- 1.9%, and 29.6 +/- 1.3% after 4 wk of the control, statin, and portfolio diets, respectively. Although the absolute difference between the statin and the portfolio treatments was significant at 4 wk (P = 0.013), 9 participants (26%) achieved their lowest LDL-cholesterol concentrations with the portfolio diet. Moreover, the statin (n = 27) and the portfolio (n = 24) diets did not differ significantly (P = 0.288) in their ability to reduce LDL cholesterol below the 3.4-mmol/L primary prevention cutoff. Conclusions: Dietary combinations may not differ in potency from first-generation statins in achieving current lipid goals for primary prevention. They may, therefore, bridge the treatment gap between current therapeutic diets and newer statins.
Effects of dietary sodium on metabolites: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Sodium Feeding Study; Background: High sodium intake is known to increase blood pressure and is difficult to measure in epidemiologic studies. Objective: We examined the effect of sodium intake on metabolites within the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Trial)Sodium Trial to further our understanding of the biological effects of sodium intake beyond blood pressure. Design: The DASH-Sodium Trial randomly assigned individuals to either the DASH diet (low in fat and high in protein, low-fat dairy, and fruits and vegetables) or a control diet for 12 wk. Participants within each diet arm received, in random order, diets containing high (150 nmol or 3450 mg), medium (100 nmol or 2300 mg), and low (50 nmol or 1150 mg) amounts of sodium for 30 d (crossover design). Fasting blood samples were collected at the end of each sodium intervention. We measured 531 identified plasma metabolites in 73 participants at the end of their high- and low-sodium interventions and in 46 participants at the end of their high-and medium-sodium interventions (N = 119). We used linear mixed-effects regression to model the relation between each log-transformed metabolite and sodium intake. We also combined the resulting P values with Fisher's method to estimate the association between sodium intake and 38 metabolic pathways or groups. Results: Six pathways were associated with sodium intake at a Bonferroni-corrected threshold of 0.0013 (e.g., fatty acid, food component or plant, benzoate, gamma-glutamyl amino acid, methionine, and tryptophan). Although 82 metabolites were associated with sodium intake at a false discovery rate <= 0.10, only 4-ethylphenylsufate, a xenobiotic related to benzoate metabolism, was significant at a Bonferroni-corrected threshold (P<10(-5)). Adjustment for co-inciding change in blood pressure did not substantively alter the association for the top-ranked metabolites. Conclusion: Sodium intake is associated with changes in circulating metabolites, including gut microbial, tryptophan, plant component, and gamma-glutamyl amino acid-related metabolites. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00000608.
Dietary Pattern and Long-Term Effects of Particulate Matter on Blood Pressure: A Large Cross-Sectional Study in Chinese Adults; Previous experimental studies have identified specific foods or nutrients are capable of mitigating adverse effects induced by air pollution. However, whether the dietary pattern can modify the associations between long-term particulate matter (PM) and increasing blood pressure (BP) among adults has not yet been assessed. We assessed whether the dietary pattern and various foods modify the associations between long-term exposure to PM (PM1, PM2.5, and PM10), hypertensive BP (BP=140/90 mm Hg, HBP), and BP in Chinese adults. This study included 61 081 participants from China Multi-Ethnic Cohort. PM was assessed through satellite-based random forest approaches. Outcomes were analyzed with logistic regression models and linear regression models. The dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet was calculated for each participant. This study founds long-term exposure to PM was associated with HBP, systolic BP, and pulse pressure. The DASH diet modified the associations between PM, HBP, and some BP components. For each 10 mu g/m(3) increase in PM1, PM2.5, and PM10, the participants with the lowest quintile of DASH score had HBP risks with odds ratios (95% CI) of 1.196 (1.084-1.319), 1.145 (1.09-1.202), and 1.080 (1.045-1.117), whereas those with the highest quintile of DASH score had lower HBP risks with odds ratios (95% CI) of 1.063 (0.953-1.185), 1.074 (1.017-1.133), and 1.038 (1.000-1.077). Consuming more fresh fruits, vegetables, dairy, and whole grains would reduce the risk of raised BP caused by PM. In conclusion, the DASH diet rich in antioxidant compounds may be a wide-reaching intervention to reduce the deleterious impact of PM.
Recent changes in sociodemographic characteristics, dietary behaviors and clinical parameters of adults receiving food assistance in France; Background: In 2004-2005, a survey carried out on food recipients in France revealed an alarming nutritional situation. In 2011-2012, and using a protocol similar to that of 2004-2005, our objective was to update the description of sociodemographic characteristics, dietary behaviors and clinical parameters of food assistance recipients and to analyze changes since 2004-2005. Methods: Both surveys included multistage random sampling of adults benefitting from structures that supply food pantries and charitable grocery stores. Data on sociodemographic characteristics and dietary behaviors were collected along with weight, height and blood pressure measurements. Comparisons between the 2004-2005 (n = 883) and 2011-2012 (n = 1,058) survey observations were made, adjusting for socio-demographic changes which had occurred in the meantime. Results: Since 2004-2005, proportions of food recipients >= 55 years (13.1-19.1 %), born in France (29.2-36.8 %) and employed (5.5-11.7 %) have increased; food insufficiency has decreased (95-74 %). For over half of the recipients, canned (52.4 %) and non-perishable (50.9 %) foods were obtained only from food assistance. Frequency of consumption significantly increased even after adjustment for socio-demographic changes; this was the case for dairy products (for twice a day consumption, 30.2-36.4 %), fruits and vegetables (three times a day, 7.8-13.9 %), and meat, eggs and fish (twice a day, 9.4-19.2 %). In 2011-2012, 15.6 % of men and 36.0 % of women were obese, while 44.5 and 35.1 % had high blood pressure, respectively. Conclusions: Between 2004-2005 and 2011-2012 in France, consumption of staple foods has been slightly improved in food assistance recipients. However, prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors remains high, which underlines the need for long-term efforts at better quality of foods delivered.
The effect on serum lipids and oxidized low-density lipoprotein of supplementing self-selected low-fat diets with soluble-fiber, soy, and vegetable protein foods; An increased intake of soluble fiber and soy protein may improve the blood lipid profile. To assess any additional benefit on serum lipids of providing soy protein and soluble-fiber foods to hyperlipidemic subjects already consuming low-fat, low-cholesterol therapeutic diets, 20 hyperlipidemic men and postmenopausal women completed 8-week test and control dietary treatments in a randomized crossover design as part of an ad libitum National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) step 2 therapeutic diet (< 7% saturated fat and < 200 mg/d cholesterol). During the test phase, foods high in soy, other vegetable proteins, and soluble fiber were provided. During the control phase, low-fat dairy and low-soluble-fiber foods were provided. Pasting blood lipid and apolipoprotein levels were measured at 4 and 8 weeks of each phase. On the test diet, 12 +/- 2 g/d soy protein was selected from the foods chosen. Direct comparison of test and control treatments indicated an elevated high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentration on the test diet (6.4% +/- 2.4%, P = .013) and a significantly reduced total to HDL cholesterol ratio (-5.9% +/- 2.3%, P = .020). The proportion of conjugated dienes in the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol fraction was significantly reduced (8.5% +/- 3.3%, P = .020) as a marker of oxidized LDL. A combination of acceptable amounts of soy, vegetable protein, and soluble-fiber foods as part of a conventional low-fat, low-cholesterol therapeutic diet is effective in further reducing serum lipid risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Copyright (C) 2000 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Inflammatory cytokine responses to progressive resistance training and supplementation with fortified milk in men aged 50+ years: an 18-month randomized controlled trial; We examined the effects of progressive resistance training (PRT) and supplementation with calcium-vitamin D-3 fortified milk on markers of systemic inflammation, and the relationship between inflammation and changes in muscle mass, size and strength. Healthy men aged 50-79 years (n = 180) participated in this 18-month randomized controlled trial that comprised a factorial 2 x 2 design. Participants were randomized to (1) PRT + fortified milk supplement, (2) PRT, (3) fortified milk supplement, or (4) a control group. Participants assigned to PRT trained 3 days per week, while those in the supplement groups consumed 400 ml day(-1) of milk containing 1,000 mg calcium plus 800 IU vitamin D-3. We collected venous blood samples at baseline, 12 and 18 months to measure the serum concentrations of IL-6, TNF-alpha and hs-CRP. There were no exercise x supplement interactions, but serum IL-6 was 29% lower (95% CI, -62, 0) in the PRT group compared with the control group after 12 months. Conversely, IL-6 was 31% higher (95% CI, -2, 65) in the supplement group compared with the non-supplemented groups after 12 and 18 months. These between-group differences did not persist after adjusting for changes in fat mass. In the PRT group, mid-tibia muscle cross-sectional area increased less in men with higher pre-training inflammation compared with those men with lower inflammation (net difference similar to 2.5%, p < 0.05). In conclusion, serum IL-6 concentration decreased following PRT, whereas it increased after supplementation with fortified milk concomitant with changes in fat mass. Furthermore, low-grade inflammation at baseline restricted muscle hypertrophy following PRT.
Low Social Support Level is Associated with Non-Adherence to Diet at 1 Year in the Family Intervention Trial for Heart Health (FIT Heart); Objective: Evaluate the relationship between low social support (SS) and adherence to diet in a cardiovascular disease (CVD) lifestyle intervention trial. Design: Prospective substudy. Setting and Participants: Blood relatives/cohabitants of hospitalized cardiac patients in a randomized controlled trial (n = 458; 66% female, 35% nonwhite, mean age 50 years). Main Outcome Measures: Non-adherence to diet using MEDFICTS (Meats, Eggs, Dairy, Fried foods, fat In baked goods, Convenience foods, fats added at the Table, and Snacks) tool; SS using the Enhancing Recovery in Coronary Heart Disease Patients Social Support Instrument. Analysis: Logistic regression models adjusted for confounders. Results: Significant predictors (P < .05) of non-adherence to diet recommendations at 1 year included low SS, increased body mass index and waist size, lower physical activity, depression, pre-action stages of change, control group assignment, and being male. Those with low SS at baseline 2.7 greater odds of being non-adherent to diet at 1 year vs those with higher SS (95% confidence interval = 1.1 - 6.4); there was no interaction by group assignment. Conclusion and Implications: Low SS at baseline was independently associated with non-adherence to diet at I year, suggesting that Family members with low SS may be at heightened CVD risk as a result of poor dietary adherence.
Effect of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides (Gamalost®) and a Gouda-type cheese on blood pressure: results of a randomised trial; Background: High blood pressure (BP) is the leading risk factor for global disease burden, contributing to 7% of global disability adjusted life years. Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibiting bioactive peptides have the potential to reduce BP in humans. These peptides have been identified in many dairy products and have been associated with significant reductions in BP. Objective: The objective of this trial was to examine whether a cheese rich in ACE-inhibiting peptides (Gamalost (R)), or a standard Gouda-type cheese could lower BP. Design: A total of 153 healthy participants were randomised to one of three parallel arms: Gamalost (R) (n = 53, 50 g/day for 8 weeks), Gouda-type cheese (n = 50, 80 g/day for 8 weeks), and control (n = 50). BP and anthropometric measurements were taken at the baseline and at the end, with an additional BP measurement midway. Based on BP at baseline, participants were categorised as having optimal BP (<120/<80 mmHg), normal-high BP (120 - 139/80 - 89 mmHg), or being hypertensive (>140/>90 mmHg). Questionnaires about lifestyle, health, and dietary habits were completed at baseline, midway and end. Results: In total, 148 participants (mean age 43, 52% female) completed the intervention. There were no differences among the three groups in relevant baseline characteristics. BP was reduced in the entire study population, but the cheese groups did not differ from control. However, in a subgroup of participants with slightly elevated BP, BP at 4 weeks of intervention seemed to be borderline significantly more reduced in the Gamalost (R) group compared with the control group (Dunnett test: diastolic BP - 3.5 mmHg, 95% confidence interval (CI) - 7.3, 0.4, systolic BP: - 4.3 mmHg, 95% CI - 9.8, 1.1). Conclusion: An intention-to-treat analysis of the data showed no cheese effect upon BP compared to control, but Gamalost (R) seemed to have a small, non-significant lowering effect on diastolic BP after 4 weeks in people with a normal-high BP.
Effects of plant sterol esters in skimmed milk and vegetable-fat-enriched milk on serum lipids and non-cholesterol sterols in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomised, placebo-controlled, crossover study; Plant sterol (PS)-supplemented foods are recommended to help in lowering serum LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C). Few studies have examined the efficacy of PS-enriched skimmed milk (SM) or semi-SM enriched with vegetable fat (PS-VFM). There is also insufficient information on factors predictive of LDL-C responses to PS. We examined the effects of PS-SM (0.1% dairy fat) and PS-VFM (0.1% dairy fat plus 1.5% vegetable fat) on serum lipids and non-cholesterol sterols in hypercholesterolaemic individuals. In a placebo-controlled, crossover study, forty-three subjects with LDL-C > 1300 mg/l were randomly assigned to three 4-week treatment periods: control SM, PS-SM and PS-VFM, with 500 ml milk with or without 3.4 g PS esters (2 g free PS). Serum concentrations of lipids and non-cholesterol sterols were measured. Compared to control, LDL-C decreased by 8.0 and 7.4% (P<0.015, both) in the PS-SM and PS-VFM periods, respectively. Serum lathosterol:cholesterol (C) ratios increased by 11-25%, while sitosterol:C and campesterol:C ratios increased by 70-120% with both the PS-fortified milk. Adjusted LDL-C reductions were variably enhanced in participants with basal low serum lathosterol/C or conversely high sitosterol/C and campesterol/C. Subjects with post-treatment serum PS:C ratios above the median showed mean LDL-C changes of -5.9 to -10.4%, compared with 1.7 to -2.9% below the median. In conclusion, consumption of 2 g/d of PS as PS-SM and PS-VFM lowered LDL-C in hypercholesterolaemic subjects to a similar extent. Basal and post-treatment changes in markers of cholesterol metabolism indicating low cholesterol synthesis and high cholesterol absorption predicted improved LDL-C responses to PS.
Comparison of diets of NIDDM and non-diabetic African Americans and whites: The atherosclerosis risk in communities study; compare dietary intakes of participants with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) with nondiabetic participants, to determine whether those with previously diagnosed NIDDM were complying with the 1986 American Diabetes Association (ADA) guidelines and to examine associations between diet and new cases of NIDDM. Cross-sectional data were obtained by trained interviewers from participants aged 45-64 years, chosen by random probability sampling of four U.S. communities. Dietary intakes were assessed by food frequency questionnaire in 475 African Americans and 674 whites with NIDDM and 3,255 African American and 10,439 white non-diabetic participants. Participants with diagnosed NIDDM consumed less calories, carbohydrates, sucrose, alcohol, candy, added sugar and soft drinks, but more fiber, protein, cholesterol, low calorie drinks, fruits, vegetables, cheese, poultry, red meat, and eggs compared to the ethnic-specific non-diabetic group. African Americans diagnosed with NIDDM consumed more total and monounsaturated fats (both as %) and cereal, and less fried foods and carbohydrate compared with non-diabetic African Americans; and whites with diagnosed NIDDM consumed more milk, yogurt or ice cream; margarine; fish; bread and peanut butter and less sugared foods compared with non-nutrient intakes of participants with new NIDDM were not different from non-diabetic individuals 1986 ADA guidelines. Participants with diagnosed NIDDM were eating a low calorie, high protein, high cholesterol, and low carbohydrate diet. Dietary intakes of new cases; of NIDDM were not implicated in its etiology. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Inc.
SKIN PRETREATMENT AND THE USE OF TRANSDERMAL CLONIDINE; Although therapy with transdermal clonidine is effective in bringing elevated blood pressure under control, this mode of delivery has been associated with localized dermal reactions in a small percentage of patients.  Because anecdotal information suggests that a number of physicians have resorted to various dermal pretreatment strategies in an effort to alleviate or eliminate these dermal reactions, we decided to investigate the two most commonly used pretreatment strategies, to determine if they affected the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of transdermally administered clonidine.  Specifically, we examined the effect of dermal pretreatment with 0.5% hydrocortisone cream and with an over-the-counter antacid, magnesium-aluminum hydroxide suspension, on the pharmacokinetics of transdermal clonidine in 10 adult hypertensive males.  Patients were randomized to receive one of the two pretreatment regimens or therapy with the patch alone, and after 7 days of treatment and a 14-day washout period, patients were crossed over to receive one of the other therapies.  All patients ultimately received all three therapies. We present here the results from the 10 patients enrolled in our study.  Our study found a statistical difference detected in maximum plasma concentration (C(max)), steady-state plasma concentration (C(ss)), and apparent clonidine dose delivered (Dose(app)) following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone compared with the transdermal patch alone.  The mean +/- SD relative extents of absorption (F(rel)) of clonidine following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone and magnesium-aluminum hydroxide in respect to the transdermal patch alone were 94.84 +/- 45.69% and 97.65 +/- 59.65%, respectively.  No significant difference was detected in this parameter.  Supine and sitting blood pressures and pulse rates were similar during treatment with clonidine alone, following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone cream, and following pretreatment with magnesium-aluminum hydroxide suspension.  In addition, systemic side effects were evenly distributed among treatments.  However, dermal side effects were less frequent following pretreatment with hydrocortisone compared with magnesium-aluminum hydroxide and the patch alone.  The results of this study suggest that dermal pretreatment with 0.5 percent hydrocortisone cream may significantly alter the plasma concentrations of transdermally administered clonidine without adversely altering the pharmacodynamics.
Effects of vitamin D-fortified low fat yogurt on glycemic status, anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover in diabetic postmenopausal women: A randomised controlled clinical trial; Background & aims: Low levels of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25(OH)D) are common in type 2 diabetic patients and cause several complications particularly, in postmenopausal women due to their senile and physiological conditions. This study aimed to assess the effects of vitamin D-fortified low fat yogurt on glycemic status, anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover in diabetic postmenopausal women. Methods: In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind parallel-group clinical trial, 59 postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes received fortified yogurt (FY; 2000 IU vitamin D in 100 g/day) or plain yogurt (PY) for 12 weeks. Glycemic markers, anthropometric indexes, inflammatory, and bone turnover markers were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks. Results: After intervention, in FY group (vs PY group), were observed: significant increase in serum 25(OH)D and decrease of PTH (stable values in PY); significant improvement in serum fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, HOMA-B, QUICK!, and no changes in serum fasting glucose and HbA(1c), (significant worsening of all indexes in PY); significant improvement in WC, WHR, FM, and no change in weight and BMI (stable values in PY); significant increase of omentin (stable in PY) and decrease of sNTX (significant increase in PY). Final values of glycemic markers (except HbA(1c)), omentin, and bone turnover markers significantly improved in FY group compared to PY group. Regarding final values of serum 25(OH)D in FY group, subjects were classified in insufficient and sufficient categories. Glycemic status improved more significantly in the insufficient rather than sufficient category; whereas the other parameters had more amelioration in the sufficient category. Conclusions: Daily consumption of 2000 IU vitamin D-fortified yogurt for 12 weeks improved glycemic markers (except HbA(1c)), anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover markers in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on metabolic factors in individuals with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on some metabolic factors in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) patients. This double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial was conducted on 72 patients with NAFLD (33 males and 39 females) aged 23 to 63 yr. Subjects in the intervention group (n = 36) consumed 300 g/d of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 and those in the control group (n = 36) consumed 300 g/d of conventional yogurt for 8 wk. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements, and dietary records (24 h/d for 3 d) were collected at baseline and at the end of the trial. Probiotic yogurt consumption resulted in reductions of 4.67, 5.42, 4.1, and 6.92% in serum levels of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, respectively, compared with control group. No significant changes were observed in levels of serum glucose, triglycerides, or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in either group. Probiotic yogurt consumption improved hepatic enzymes, serum total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in studied subjects and might be useful in management of NAFLD risk factors.
A Mediterranean diet supplemented with dairy foods improves markers of cardiovascular risk: results from the MedDairy randomized controlled trial; Background: The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) offers benefits to cardiovascular health but may not meet Western recommendations for calcium and dairy intake, which could impede long-term adoption. Objective: The current study aimed to determine the effect of a MedDiet supplemented with dairy foods on cardiovascular risk factors. Design: A randomized, controlled, crossover design compared a MedDiet with 3-4 daily servings of dairy (MedDairy) and a lowfat (LF) control diet. Forty-one participants aged >= 45 y and at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) were randomly allocated to their first intervention, either the MedDairy or LF diet. Participants followed each intervention for 8 wk, and an 8-wk washout period separated interventions. The primary outcome was home-measured systolic blood pressure (SBP) assessed in the morning, afternoon, and evening. Secondary outcomes included clinic-measured blood pressure (morning), body composition, blood lipids, C-reactive protein (CRP), plasma glucose, serum insulin, and the Framingham Risk Score. Results: Compared with the LF intervention, the MedDairy intervention resulted in a significantly lower morning SBP (mean difference: -1.6 mm Hg; 95% CI: -2.8, -0.4 mm Hg; P = 0.01), lower morning diastolic blood pressure (mean difference: -1.0; 95% CI: -1.7, -0.2 mm Hg; P = 0.01) and clinic SBP (mean difference: -3.5 mm Hg; 95% CI: -6.4, -0.7 mm Hg; P = 0.02), significantly higher HDL cholesterol (mean difference: 0.04 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.06 mmol/L; P < 0.01), lower triglycerides (mean difference: = -0.05 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.08, -0.01 mmol/L; P < 0.01), and lower ratio of total to HDL cholesterol (mean difference: -0.4; 95% CI: -0.6, -0.2; P < 0.001). No effects were observed for other outcome measures. Conclusions: Following a MedDiet with additional dairy foods led to significant changes in markers of cardiovascular risk over 8 wk. The MedDiet supplemented with dairy may be appropriate for an improvement in cardiovascular risk factors in a population at risk of CVD. This trial was registered at anzctr. org.
Dairy products and metabolic effects in overweight men and women: results from a 6-mo intervention study; Background: Some epidemiologic studies have suggested inverse relations between intake of dairy products and components of the metabolic syndrome. Objective: The objective was to investigate the effects of an increased intake of dairy products in persons with a habitually low intake on body composition and factors related to the metabolic syndrome. Design: Middle-aged overweight subjects (n = 121) with traits of the metabolic syndrome were recruited in Finland, Norway, and Sweden and randomly assigned into milk or control groups. The milk group was instructed to consume 3-5 portions of dairy products daily. The control group maintained their habitual diet. Clinical investigations were conducted on admission and after 6 mo. Results: There were no significant differences between changes in body weight or body composition, blood pressure, markers of inflammation, endothelial function, adiponectin, or oxidative stress in the milk and the control groups. There was a modest unfavorable increase in serum cholesterol concentrations in the milk group (P = 0.043). Among participants with a low calcium intake at baseline (<700 mg/d), there was a significant treatment effect for waist circumference (P = 0.003) and sagittal abdominal diameter (P = 0.034). When the sexes were analyzed separately, leptin increased (P = 0.045) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 decreased (P = 0.001) in women in the milk group. Conclusions: This study gives no clear support to the hypothesis that a moderately increased intake of dairy products beneficially affects aspects of the metabolic syndrome. The apparently positive effects on waist circumference and sagittal abdominal diameter in subjects with a low calcium intake suggest a possible threshold in relation to effects on body composition. Am J Clin Nutr 2009;90:960-8.
Maternal Weight Loss during Exclusive Breastfeeding Is Associated with Reduced Weight and Length Gain in Daughters of HIV-Infected Malawian Women; Maternal weight loss during exclusive breastfeeding may influence the growth of exclusively breast-fed infants through impaired quality or quantity of breast milk. This study evaluated how maternal weight loss from 2 to 24 wk postpartum was related to infant weight and length gain in 1309 lactating HIV-infected mothers and their exclusively breast-fed infants. Malawian mother-infant pairs in the Breastfeeding, Antiretrovirals, and Nutrition Study were randomized with a 2 x 3 factorial design to a 2-arm nutritional intervention with a lipid-based nutrient supplement (LNS), meeting nutritional needs of lactation, or no LNS and a 3-arm antiretroviral (ARV) intervention (maternal, infant, or no ARV regimen). Linear regression models were used to relate maternal weight loss (weight loss vs. no weight loss) to infant weight and length gain from birth to 24 mo, stratifying by gender and controlling for maternal BMI at 2 wk (mean +/- SD: 23.2 +/- 3.0 kg/m(2)) and interacting maternal BMI with weight loss. In adjusted models, compared with daughters of women who did not lose weight, length and weight gain were lower in daughters whose mothers had a lower BMI at 2 wk postpartum coupled with the weight loss. For example, among mothers with an initial BMI of 18 kg/m(2), daughters of those who lost weight gained less weight [beta = -0.29 kg (95% CI: -0.53, -0.06)] and length [beta = -0.88 cm (95% CI: -1.52, -0.23)] from birth to 24 wk than daughters of those who gained weight. Though effects were only observed in girls, suggesting possible gender differences in suckling and feeding behavior, these findings indicate that maternal weight loss with low energy reserves represents a risk factor for poor infant growth outcomes.
Preliminary probiotic and technological characterization of <i>Pediococcus pentosaceus</i> strain KID7 and <i>in vivo</i> assessment of its cholesterol-lowering activity; The study was aimed to characterize the probiotic properties of a Pediococcus pentosaceus strain, KID7, by in vitro and in vivo studies. The strain possessed tolerance to oro-gastrointestinal transit, adherence to the Caco-2 cell line, and antimicrobial activity. KID7 exhibited bile salt hydrolase activity and cholesterol-lowering activity, in vitro. In vivo cholesterol-lowering activity of KID7 was studied using atherogenic diet-fed hypercholesterolemic mice. The experimental animals (C57BL/6J mice) were divided into 4 groups viz., normal diet-fed group (NCD), atherogenic diet-fed group (HCD), atherogenic diet- and KID7-fed group (HCD-KID7), and atherogenic diet- and Lactobacillus acidophilus ATCC 43121-fed group (HCD-L.ac) as positive control. Serum total cholesterol (T-CHO) level was significantly decreased by 19.8% in the HCD-KID7 group (P < 0.05), but not in the HCD-L.ac group compared with the HCD group. LDL cholesterol levels in both HCD-KID7 and HCD-L.ac groups were decreased by 35.5 and 38.7%, respectively, compared with HCD group (both, P < 0.05). Glutamyl pyruvic transaminase (GPT) level was significantly lower in the HCD-KID7 and HCD-L.ac groups compared to HCD group and was equivalent to that of the NCD group. Liver T-CHO levels in the HCD-KID7 group were reduced significantly compared with the HCD group (P < 0.05) but not in the HCD-L.ac group. Analysis of expression of genes associated with lipid metabolism in liver showed that low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLF?), cholesterol-7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1) and apolipoprotein E (APOE) mRNA expression was significantly increase in the HCD-KID7 group compared to the HCD group. Furthermore, KID7 exhibited desired viability under freeze-drying and subsequent storage conditions with a combination of skim milk and galactomannan. P. pentosaceus KID7 could be a potential probiotic strain, which can be used to develop cholesterol-lowering functional food after appropriate human clinical trials.
SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF A TOPICAL ANESTHETIC FOR NEONATAL CIRCUMCISION; Objective. Circumcision is a common neonatal surgical procedure routinely performed without the use of anesthesia. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of topical lidocaine cream as an anesthetic for circumcision. Methods. Thirty newborns were studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; 15 received a topical 30% lidocaine cream and 15 received the cream base alone. Vital signs were recorded, and preoperative and postoperative serum beta-endorphin and lidocaine concentrations were measured. A videotape of the newborn was used to score behavioral changes. Results. Comparisions of the vital signs precircumcision and postcircumcision showed no differences between the placebo and treatment groups, with the exception of mean systolic blood pressure, which significantly increased in the placebo-treated newborns (P < .05). Serum beta-endorphin concentrations increased postoperatively in 11 of 15 subjects receiving placebo, but decreased or remained unchanged in 10 of 15 subjects receiving lidocaine (P = .03, Fisher's exact test). When stress-related behaviors in the precircumcision and post-circumcision periods were compared, the mean increase in their occurrence was greater in the placebo than in the treatment group. There was no significant absorption of lidocaine as measured in the serum. Conclusion. Topical application of a 30% lidocaine cream as used in this study may be a safe and efficacious anesthetic for circumcision.
Efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol®, Colanta) in reducing total and LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial NCT01461798; Background: Cardiovascular diseases have become the leading cause of death from chronic diseases in the world. Main risk factors include hypercholesterolemia, which is caused in most cases by a high saturated fat diet. Plant stanol esters partly block cholesterol absorption in the digestive tract and thereby reduce total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol serum levels. Based on epidemiological data, a 10 percent reduction of LDL cholesterol leads to a 20 percent decrease in the coronary heart disease risk throughout life. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol (R) yogurt drink) in higher doses than the typically used (2g/d stanols), in lowering blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. Methods: A randomized double-blind crossover, placebo-controlled study in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 40) aged between 20 and 50 years old. Results: Yogurt drink with added plant stanols (4 g) as esters (Benecol (R), Colanta) consumption compared to regular yogurt drink caused a statistically significant decrease in total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 7.2% and 10.3%. During the two periods and compared to controls, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not significantly different. Conclusions: Yogurt drink with an active ingredient in Benecol (R), plant stanol esters, reduced total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects.
High intake of dairy during energy restriction does not affect energy balance or the intestinal microflora compared with low dairy intake in overweight individuals in a randomized controlled trial; During weight loss, dairy calcium is proposed to accelerate weight and fat-mass loss through increased fecal fat excretion. The primary objective was to investigate if a high-dairy energy-restricted diet is superior to low dairy in terms of changes in body weight, body composition, and fecal fat excretion over 24 weeks. Secondary objectives included fecal energy and calcium excretion, resting energy expenditure, blood pressure, lipid metabolism, and gut microbiota. In a randomized, parallelarm intervention study, 11 men and 69 women (body mass index, 30.6 +/- 0.3 kg/m(2); age, 44 +/- 1 years) were allocated to a 500-kcal (2100 kJ) -deficit diet that was either high (HD: 1500 mg calcium/day) or low (LD: 600 mg calcium/day) in dairy products for 24 weeks. Habitual calcium intake was similar to 1000 mg/day. Body weight loss (HD: -6.6 +/- 1.3 kg, LD: -7.9 +/- 1.5 kg, P = 0.73), fat-mass loss (HD: -7.8% +/- 1.3%, LD: -8.5% +/- 1.1%, P = 0.76), changes in fecal fat excretion (HD: -0.57 +/- 0.76 g, LD: 0.46 +/- 0.70 g, P = 0.12), and microbiota composition were similar for the groups over 24 weeks. However, total fat-mass loss was positively associated with relative abundance of Papillibacter (P = 0.017) independent of diet group. Consumption of a high-dairy diet did not increase fecal fat or accelerate weight and fat-mass loss beyond energy restriction over 24 weeks in overweight and obese adults with a habitual calcium intake of similar to 1000 mg/day. However, this study indicates that Papillibacter is involved in body compositional changes.
THE INFLUENCE OF DIET ON THE APPEARANCE OF NEW LESIONS IN HUMAN CORONARY-ARTERIES; The Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study, a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of blood lipid lowering, demonstrated significant benefit in 2-year coronary angiograms. Using angiograms of subjects in the Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study who received a placebo and 24-hour dietary recall data, we performed an epidemiologic study of risk factors for formation of new atherosclerotic lesions. Age and baseline plus on-trial lipid levels, blood pressure levels, and diet variables  were included. Significant dietary energy sources were protein, carbohydrate, alcohol, total fat, and polyunsaturated fat. Each quartile of increased consumption of total fat and polyunsaturated fat was associated with a significant increase in risk of new lesions. Increased intake of lauric, oleic, and linoleic acids significantly increased risk. Subjects in the Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study in whom new lesions did not develop increased dietary protein to compensate for reduced  intake of fat by substituting low-fat meats and dairy products for high-fat meats and dairy products. These results indicate that when total and saturated fat intakes are reduced to levels recommended by the National Cholesterol Education Program, protein and carbohydrate are preferred substitutes for fat calories, rather than monounsaturated or polyunsaturated fat.
Probiotics have beneficial metabolic effects in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Probiotics have been reported to have a positive impact on the metabolic control of patients with type 2 diabetes. We aimed to systematically evaluate the effects of probiotics on cardiometabolic parameters in type 2 diabetes based on randomized controlled studies. MEDLINE, Embase, and CENTRAL databases were reviewed to search for randomized controlled trials that examined the effects of probiotic supplementation on cardiometabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes. 32 trials provided results suitable to be included in the analysis. The effects of probiotics were calculated for the following parameters: BMI, total cholesterol levels, LDL, triglycerides, HDL, CRP, HbA1c levels, fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin levels, systolic and diastolic blood pressure values. Data analysis showed a significant effect of probiotics on reducing total cholesterol, triglyceride levels, CRP, HbA1c, fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin levels, and both systolic and diastolic blood pressure values. Supplementation with probiotics increased HDL levels however did not have a significant effect on BMI or LDL levels. Our data clearly suggest that probiotics could be a supplementary therapeutic approach in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients to improve dyslipidemia and to promote better metabolic control. According to our analysis, probiotic supplementation is beneficial in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A NON-RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED RESEARCH ON THE DAIRY PRODUCTS (CA2 +) AND ITS BI-PRODUCTS (CA2 +) EFFECTS ON BLOOD CHEMISTRY, BODY FAT PERCENTAGE AND LOSS OF WEIGHT ON OBESE AND PRE- MENOPAUSAL WOMEN ATTENDING THE NUTRITIONAL OR DIET CLINICS; Objectives: Research aim was the determination of the dairy effects on the body changes in terms of body fat and mass because of the dairy calcium in the obese women about the weight loss diet. Methods: Research was a non-randomized controlled research study held at a government hospital of Turkey in the time of June-September, 2016. Obese women were made the part of research who consulted clinics of diet and nutrition. Participants were divided into groups on the basis of use of dairy products, three groups were such as dairy products group (control), high and low dairy groups. We also measured BP and anthropometry, blood chemistry analysis was also carried out before any intervention. Results: Research sample had selected sixty-five women with a mean age of (33.10 +/- 6.18) years. Control group had 20 cases (30.7%), high dairy group included 22 cases (33.8%) and 23 cases (35.3%) were included in low dairy group. After the completion of the research body weight, waist, body mass index (BMI), hip circumferences, hip / waist ratio, percentage of body fat, fat mass decreased significantly with a statically significant p-value of (< 0.001); whereas, we observed no difference among the three groups. Levels of plasma total cholesterol was lowered (p-value < 0.05, p-value < 0.001) and levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were elevated (p-value < 0.05) in 2 interventional groups. There was a negative association of the systolic BP with dairy calcium (p-value = 0.460, p-value < 0.05). Conclusions: All the women involved in the weight loss program we observed non-effectiveness of the dairy products for obtaining loss in weight in comparison to the restriction of the calorie.
Perspective on the safety and effectiveness of conjugated linoleic acid; The amount of scientific literature on conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is growing at a phenomenal rate. Animal studies and clinical trials indicate the possibility that CLA could be useful in improving human health in a number of areas, eg, controlling body fat gain and enhancing immunity while also reducing inflammation and other adverse effects typically associated with immune enhancement. The background of this growing research field and mechanistic insights from animal and cell culture experiments are briefly reviewed. Experimental and clinical data relating to the safety and effectiveness of CLA in humans are presented and discussed.
Effect of fecal microbiota transplantation on primary hypertension and the underlying mechanism of gut microbiome restoration: protocol of a randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled study; Background: Hypertension is currently the leading modifiable cause of global morbidity and mortality, leading to substantial health and financial burdens. Although multiple studies of management models and innovative therapeutic strategies for hypertension have been conducted, there are still gaps in the field, with a poor control rate reflecting a lack of novel, effective, clinically translated medication or intervention options. Recent animal and human studies repeatedly confirmed a link between the microbiota and hypertension. Of note is our previous study establishing a cause-and-effect relationship between the gut microbiota and blood pressure elevation. A hypothesis of gut microbiota intervention for treating hypertension is thus postulated, and fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) from healthy donors was performed. Methods: A multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, blinded clinical trial will be performed in 120 grade 1 hypertensive patients for 3 months. All recruited patients will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to take oral FMT capsules or placebo capsules on day 1, day 7, and day 14 and will be followed up on day 30, day 60, and day 90. The primary outcome is the change in office systolic blood pressure from baseline to day 30. The main secondary outcomes are BP indicators, including changes in systolic and diastolic blood pressure from office and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring; assessments of ankle-branchial index and pulse wave velocity; profiling of fecal microbial composition and function; profiling of fecal and serum metabolome; changes in levels of blood glucose, blood lipids, and body mass index; and assessment of adverse events as a measure of safety. Discussion: Expanding upon our previous research on the role of the gut microbiota in the pathogenesis of hypertension, this study serves as a clinical translation advancement and explores the potential of fecal microbiota transplantation for treating hypertension. The underlying mechanisms, particularly the roles of specific microorganisms or their postbiotics in blood pressure amelioration, will also be investigated via multiple approaches, such as metagenomic sequencing and metabolomic profiling.
Effects of probiotics fermented milk products on obesity measure among adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials; Current evidence suggests that gut dysbiosis has a pivotal role in progression of obesity. Probiotics fermented milk products (PFMP) by influencing the functions of gut microbiota might bring protective effects against obesity; however, findings of available randomized controlled trials (RCTs) are conflicting. The aim of this study was systematically review and analyse RCTs assessing the effects of PFMP supplementation on anthropometric indices. PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of science and Cochrane Library were searched up to August 2020. A total of 19 RCTs (with 22 treatment arms) were included and reporting data about PFMP and body weight (BW), body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC) and body fat percentage (BF%) were analyzed. Two authors independently extracted the data and assessed the risk of bias using the Cochran risk of bias tool PFMP intervention indicated a significant reduction in BW and BMI. Although this reduction in WC and BF% were nonsignificant. PFMP provide new opportunities to manage obesity.
A whey-protein supplement increases fat loss and spares lean muscle in obese subjects: a randomized human clinical study; Background: This study evaluated a specialized whey fraction ( Prolibra (TM), high in leucine, bioactive peptides and milk calcium) for use as a dietary supplement to enhance weight loss. Methods: This was a randomized, double-blind, parallel-arm, 12-week study. Caloric intake was reduced 500 calories per day. Subjects consumed Prolibra or an isocaloric ready-to-mix beverage 20 minutes before breakfast and 20 minutes before dinner. Body fat and lean muscle tissue were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry ( DEXA). Body weight and anthropometric measurements were recorded every 4 weeks. Blood samples were taken at the beginning and end of the study. Statistical analyses were performed on all subjects that completed ( completer analysis) and all subjects that lost at least 2.25 kg of body weight ( responder analysis). Within group significance was determined at P < 0.05 using a two-tailed paired t-test and between group significance was determined using one way analysis of covariance with baseline data as a covariate. Results: Both groups lost a significant amount of weight and the Prolibra group tended to lose more weight than the control group; however the amount of weight loss was not significantly different between groups after 12 weeks. Prolibra subjects lost significantly more body fat compared to control subjects for both the completer ( 2.81 vs. 1.62 kg P = 0.03) and responder ( 3.63 vs. 2.11 kg, P = 0.01) groups. Prolibra subjects lost significantly less lean muscle mass in the responder group ( 1.07 vs. 2.41 kg, P = 0.02). The ratio of fat to lean loss ( kg fat lost/ kg lean lost) was much larger for Prolibra subjects for both completer ( 3.75 vs. 1.05) and responder ( 3.39 vs. 0.88) groups. Conclusion: Subjects in both the control and treatment group lost a significant amount of weight with a 500 calorie reduced diet. Subjects taking Prolibra lost significantly more body fat and showed a greater preservation of lean muscle compared to subjects consuming the control beverage. Because subjects taking Prolibra lost 6.1% of their body fat mass, and because a 5% reduction of body fat mass has been shown to reduce the risk of obesity related disease, the results have practical significance.
A clinical trial of the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure; Background It is known that obesity, sodium intake, and alcohol consumption influence blood pressure. In this clinical trial, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure. Methods We enrolled 459 adults with systolic blood pressures of less than 160 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressures of 80 to 95 mm Hg. For three weeks, the subjects were fed a control diet that was low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with a fat content typical of the average diet in the United States. They were then randomly assigned to receive for eight weeks the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a ''combination'' diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and with reduced saturated and total fat. Sodium intake and body weight were maintained at constant levels. Results At base line, the mean (+/-SD) systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3+/-10.8 mm Hg and 84.+/-4.7 mm Hg, respectively. The combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 5.5 and 3.0 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each); the fruits-and-vegetables diet reduced systolic blood pressure by 2.8 mm Hg more (P<0.001) and diastolic blood pressure by 1.1 mm Hg more (P=0.07) than the control diet. Among the 133 subjects with hypertension (systolic pressure, greater than or equal to 140 mm Hg; diastolic pressure, greater than or equal to 90 mm Hg; or both), the combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each); among the 326 subjects without hypertension, the corresponding reductions were 3.5 mm Hg (P<0.001) and 2.1 mm Hg (P=0.003). Conclusions A diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods and with reduced saturated and total fat can substantially lower blood pressure. This diet offers an additional nutritional approach to preventing and treating hypertension. (C) 1997, Massachusetts Medical Society.
Cholesterol Lowering Effect of Plant Stanol Ester Yoghurt Drinks with Added Camelina Oil; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of yoghurt minidrinks containing two doses of plant stanol ester either with or without added camelina oil on the serum cholesterol levels in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. In this randomised, double-blind, parallel group study, 143 subjects consumed a 65mL minidrink together with a meal daily for four weeks. The minidrink contained 1.6 or 2.0 grams of plant stanols with or without 2 grams of alpha-linolenic acid-rich camelina oil. The placebo minidrink did not contain plant stanols or camelina oil. All plant stanol treated groups showed statistically significant total, LDL, and non-HDL cholesterol lowering relative to baseline and relative to placebo. Compared to placebo, LDL cholesterol was lowered by 9.4% (p < 0.01) and 8.1% (p < 0.01) with 1.6 g and 2 g plant stanols, respectively. With addition of Camelina oil, 1.6 g plant stanols resulted in 11.0% (p < 0.01) and 2 g plant stanols in 8.4% (p < 0.01) reduction in LDL cholesterol compared to placebo. In conclusion, yoghurt minidrinks with plant stanol ester reduced serum LDL cholesterol significantly and addition of a small amount of camelina oil did not significantly enhance the cholesterol lowering effect. This trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02628990.
Cheese intake in large amounts lowers LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content; Background: Despite its high content of saturated fatty acids, cheese does not seem to increase plasma total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations when compared with an equivalent intake of fat from butter. This effect may be due to the high calcium content of cheese, which results in a higher excretion of fecal fat. Objectives: The objective was to compare the effects of diets of equal fat content rich in either hard cheese or butter or a habitual diet on blood pressure and fasting serum blood lipids, C-reactive protein, glucose, and insulin. We also examined whether fecal fat excretion differs with the consumption of cheese or butter. Design: The study was a randomized dietary intervention consisting of two 6-wk crossover periods and a 14-d run-in period during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. The study included 49 men and women who replaced part of their habitual dietary fat intake with 13% of energy from cheese or butter. Results: After 6 wk, the cheese intervention resulted in lower serum total, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations and higher glucose concentrations than did the butter intervention. Cheese intake did not increase serum total or LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with the run-in period, during which total fat and saturated fat intakes were lower. Fecal fat excretion did not differ between the cheese and butter periods. Conclusion: Cheese lowers LDL cholesterol when compared with butter intake of equal fat content and does not increase LDL cholesterol compared with a habitual diet. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials. gov as NCT01140165. Am J Clin Nutr 2011; 94: 1479-84.
Effects of 12 weeks of treatment with fermented milk on blood pressure, glucose metabolism and markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled study; Objective: Studies have indicated a blood pressure (BP)-lowering effect of milk-derived peptides in non-diabetic individuals, but the cardiometabolic effects of such peptides in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are not known. We investigated the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus on BP, glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D. Design: A randomised, double-blinded, prospective, placebo-controlled study. Methods: In one arm of a factorial study design, 41 patients with T2D were randomised to receive 300 ml milk fermented with L. helveticus (Cardi04 yogurt) (n=23) or 300 ml artificially acidified milk (placebo yogurt) (n=18) for 12 weeks. BPs were measured over 24-h, and blood samples were collected in the fasting state and during a meal test before and after the intervention. Results: Cardi04 yogurt did not reduce 24-h, daytime or nighttime systolic or diastolic BPs compared with placebo (P>0.05). Daytime and 24-h heart rate (HR) were significantly reduced in the group treated by Cardi04 yogurt compared with the placebo group (P < 0.05 for both). There were no differences in HbA1c, plasma lipids, C-reactive protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, tumour necrosis factor alpha, tissue-type plasminogen activator: Ag, and von Willebrand factor: Ag between the groups. The change in fasting blood glucose concentration differed significantly between the two groups with a larger increase in the placebo group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Ingestion of milk fermented with L. helveticus compared with placebo for 12 weeks did not significantly reduce BP in patients with T2D. Our finding of lower HRs and fasting plasma glucose levels in T2D patients during ingestion of fermented milk needs further validation. European Journal of Endocrinology
The 2007 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence was reviewed from randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long-term morbidity and mortality data in this field. For treatment of patients with kidney disease, the progression of kidney dysfunction was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2005 to August 2006 to update the 2006 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations. In addition, reference lists were scanned and experts were contacted to identify additional published studies. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by both content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: Dietary lifestyle modifications for prevention of hypertension, in addition to a well-balanced diet, include a dietary sodium intake of less than 100 mmol/day. In hypertensive patients, the dietary sodium intake should be limited to 65 mmol/day to 100 mmol/day. Other lifestyle modifications for both normotensive and hypertensive patients include: performing 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven days per week; maintaining a healthy body weight (body mass index of 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (less than 102 cm in men and less than 88 cm in women); limiting alcohol consumption to no more than 14 units per week in men or time units per week in women; following a diet reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, and one that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, dietary and Soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant Sources; and considering stress management in selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should take into account each individual's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and any comorbid conditions: blood pressure should be lowered to lower than 140/90 mmHg in all patients and lower than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients require more than one agent to achieve these blood pressure targets. In adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy Should include thiazide diuretics; other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for diastolic and/or systolic hypertension include angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (except in black patients), long-acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) or beta-blockers (in those Younger than 60 years of age). First-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension includes long-acting dihy-dropyridine CCBs or ARBs. Certain comorbid conditions provide compelling indications for first,line use of other agents: in patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction, or heart failure, beta-blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor Plus diuretic comibination is preferred; in patients with nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors are recommended; and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first-line therapies. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement (recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of dyslipidemia and prevention of cardiovascular disease). Selected high-risk patients with hypertension who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy according to the position paper should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and voted on by the 57 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually.
Plant sterol ester-enriched milk and yoghurt effectively reduce serum cholesterol in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background The cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterol esters (PSteE) or stanol esters (PStaE) in regular- and low-fat spreads has been consistently demonstrated, while their effectiveness in a low-fat, aqueous food carrier such as milk and yoghurt is less well established. Aim of the study Two studies were carried out to assess the cholesterol-lowering effect of PSteE-enriched low-fat milk and PSteE- and PStaE-enriched low-fat yoghurt in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects ( total cholesterol between 5 - 7.5 mmol/l). Methods Study one was a single blind crossover design with 4 phases of 3-week interventions. Subjects consumed 300 ml/d of placebo or PSteE- milk (2.0 g plant sterols/d) alone or combined with 25 g/d of placebo or PSteE-spread. Study two was a fully randomised, double blind crossover design with 3 phases of 3-week interventions. Subjects consumed 2 portions ( 150 g tubs each) of placebo, PSteE- yoghurt ( 1.8 g plant sterols/d) or PStaE- yoghurt ( 1.7 g plant stanols/d). In study one 39 subjects ( 21 men and 18 women) and in study two 40 subjects ( 17 men and 23 women) completed the dietary intervention. Results In study one, PSteE- milk and PSteE-spread were equally efficacious in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol as compared to placebo by 6 - 8% and 8 - 10%, respectively. No significant additional cholesterol-lowering was observed with the combination of PSteE-milk and PSteE-spread ( 4 g plant sterols/d). PSteE-enriched milk and the combination of PSteE-enriched milk plus spread both lowered lipid-adjusted serum β-carotene concentrations by 10 - 14% ( P< 0.02), while the PSteE-rich spread alone did not significantly alter serum - carotene levels. In study two, the PSteE- and PStaE-enriched yoghurts reduced LDL-cholesterol significantly compared to placebo by 0.27 +/- 0.05 mmol/l (6%) and 0.23 +/- 0.05 mmol/l (5%), respectively. In both studies, there was no effect on HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations. Conclusion Plant sterols in the form of their esters when provided in low-fat milk and yoghurt are effective in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol.
Gastrointestinal transit, post-prandial lipaemia and satiety following 3 days high-fat diet in men; Background/Objectives: High-fat (HF) diets of 2 weeks have been shown to accelerate gastric emptying (GE). To date, no studies have shown any alteration in GE following shorter HF diets. The aim of this study was to assess if an HF, high-energy diet of 3 days can adapt gastrointestinal (GI) transit, blood lipids and satiety. Subjects/Methods: Eleven male volunteers participated in a study consisting of three, 3-day interventions each separated by a test day. During the first intervention, volunteers recorded their diet. In the second and third interventions, volunteers repeated their food diary plus either a low-fat yogurt or HF yogurt supplement in randomized order. Test days involved measurement of GE using the C-13 octanoic-acid breath-test, mouth-to-caecum transit time (MCTT) using the inulin H-2 breath test and satiety using visual analogue scales. Blood samples for measurement of lipaemia were taken using a venous cannula. Results: MCTT was different between the three test days (P = 0.038), with the shortest MCTT following the HF intervention. GE was shortest following the HF intervention. There were no differences in satiety between the interventions. The HF intervention reduced triglycerides, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusion: This study shows that changes in GI transit owing to an HF diet can occur in a time period as short as 3 days. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2011) 65, 240-246; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2010.235; published online 27 October 2010
Postprandial Lipid Responses do not Differ Following Consumption of Butter or Vegetable Oil when Consumed with Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Dietary saturated fat (SFA) intake has been associated with elevated blood lipid levels and increased risk for the development of chronic diseases. However, some animal studies have demonstrated that dietary SFA may not raise blood lipid levels when the diet is sufficient in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFA). Therefore, in a randomised cross-over design, we investigated the postprandial effects of feeding meals rich in either SFA (butter) or vegetable oil rich in omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6PUFA), in conjunction with n-3PUFA, on blood lipid profiles [total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triacylglycerol (TAG)] and n-3PUFA incorporation into plasma lipids over a 6-h period. The incremental area under the curve for plasma cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, TAG and n-3PUFA levels over 6 h was similar in the n-6PUFA compared to SFA group. The postprandial lipemic response to saturated fat is comparable to that of n-6PUFA when consumed with n-3PUFA; however, sex-differences in response to dietary fat type are worthy of further attention.
Long-term Effects of Plant Stanols on the Lipid Profile of Patients With Hypercholesterolemia. A Randomized Clinical Trial; Introduction and objectives: Plant stanol consumption may improve long-term cholesterol control. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of 2 g/day of plant stanols in reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in patients with hypercholesterolemia. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled study included 182 adults diagnosed with hypercholesterolemia. A yogurt drink containing 2 g of plant stanols was administered to 91 participants in the intervention group; 91 participants in the control group received unsupplemented yogurt. The primary end point was the change in the lipid profile at 12 months. Results: Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels at 12 months were significantly more reduced in the stanol intervention group than in the control group: 13.7 (95% confidence interval, 3.2-24.1) mg/dL (P = .011). A reduction of more than 10% in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was achieved by a significantly higher proportion of participants in the intervention group (relative risk = 1.7; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-2.7). In this group, the mean (standard deviation) level of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased by 11.0% (23.9%). Conclusions: Our results confirm that administration of plant stanols at a dosage of 2 g/day for 12 months significantly reduces (by slightly more than 10%) the concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in individuals with hypercholesterolemia. (C) 2014 Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters differ in milk, yoghurt, bread and cereal; Objective: To measure the relative effects of each of four phytosterol ester-enriched low-fat foods (bread, breakfast cereal, milk and yoghurt) on serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids. Design: Three research centres undertook a randomised, incomplete crossover, single-blind study consisting of four treatment periods of 3 weeks each, one of which was a control period. Each sterol-enriched test food provided 1.6 g/day of phytosterols as sterol esters. Setting: General Community. Subjects: In all 58, free-living men and women with mean age (s.d.) 54 (8) y, moderately elevated plasma total cholesterol 6.2 (0.7) mmol/l and body mass index 26.2 (3.0) kg/m(2). Main outcome measures: Serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids. Results: Serum total and LDL cholesterol levels were significantly lowered by consumption of phytosterol-enriched foods: milk (8.7 and 15.9%) and yoghurt (5.6 and 8.6%). Serum LDL cholesterol levels fell significantly by 6.5% with bread and 5.4% with cereal. They were both significantly less efficacious than sterol-enriched milk (P<0.001). Plasma sitosterol increased by 17-23% and campesterol by 48-52% with phytosterol-enriched milk and bread. Lipid-adjusted β-carotene was lowered by 5-10% by sterols in bread and milk, respectively. Conclusions: This is the first study to demonstrate that cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters may differ according to the food matrix. Plant sterols in low-fat milk was almost three times more effective than in bread and cereal. Despite phytosterol-enriched cereal products resulting in lower serum cholesterol reductions compared to sterol-enriched milk, the detection of similar changes in plasma phytosterols demonstrated that such products still delivered and released phytosterols to the gut.
Effects of higher- versus lower-protein diets on health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Numerous randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published in first tier medical journals have evaluated the health effects of diets high in protein. We conducted a rigorous systematic review of RCTs comparing higher-and lower-protein diets. METHODS: We searched several electronic databases up to July 2011 for studies focusing on patient-important outcomes (for example, cardiovascular disease) and secondary outcomes such as risk factors for chronic disease (for example, adiposity). RESULTS: We identified 111 articles reporting on 74 trials. Pooled effect sizes using standardised mean differences (SMDs) were small to moderate and favoured higher-protein diets for weight loss (SMD - 0.36, 95% confidence interval (CI) - 0.56 to - 0.17), body mass index (- 0.37, CI - 0.56 to 0.19), waist circumference (- 0.43, CI - 0.69 to - 0.16), blood pressure (systolic: - 0.21, CI - 0.32 to - 0.09 and diastolic: - 0.18, CI - 0.29 to - 0.06), high-density lipoproteins (HDL 0.25, CI 0.07 to 0.44), fasting insulin (- 0.20, CI - 0.39 to - 0.01) and triglycerides (- 0.51, CI - 0.78 to - 0.24). Sensitivity analysis of studies with lower risk of bias abolished the effect on HDL and fasting insulin, and reduced the effect on triglycerides. We observed nonsignificant effects on total cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins, C-reactive protein, HbA1c, fasting blood glucose, and surrogates for bone and kidney health. Adverse gastrointestinal events were more common with high-protein diets. Multivariable meta-regression analysis showed no significant dose response with higher protein intake. CONCLUSIONS: Higher-protein diets probably improve adiposity, blood pressure and triglyceride levels, but these effects are small and need to be weighed against the potential for harms.
THE SELECTIVE LIPID-LOWERING EFFECT OF VEGETARIANISM ON LOW-DENSITY LIPOPROTEINS IN A CROSSOVER EXPERIMENT; In a crossover experiment the effect of short-term vegetarianism on serum lipids, lipoproteins and apoproteins [apo] was studied. The experimental diet was free of animal products, with the exception of skim milk, and thus low in saturated fat and cholesterol. Fifteen free-living individuals (15) [humans] were randomly assigned to 3-wk periods on either the experimental diet or a control diet which closely approximated the usual intake in the USA. Significant reductions in total cholesterol (12.5%), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (14.7%) and apo B (13.2%) were observed, accompanied by a nonsignificant decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (10%), apo A-I (3%) and a nonsignificant increase in apo-II (4%). Apparently, a fat-modified diet low in total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol, and moderate (not high) in polyunsaturated fat may not lower HDL-C or its apoproteins as much as would a diet high in polyunsaturated fat, while having similar effects on LDL-C; it would therefore be preferable as the basis for primary prevention of atherosclerosis.
Nutritional intervention study with argan oil in man: Effects on lipids and apolipoproteins; Aim: To evaluate whether the consumption of virgin argan oil (VAO) is associated with a change in serum lipids and reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease in healthy Moroccans. Methods: Sixty volunteers consumed butter (25 g/day) during 2 weeks (stabilization period) and were randomly divided into two groups: the treatment group received 25 g/day of VAO during 3 weeks (intervention period), and the control group received 25 g/day of extra virgin olive oil (EVO). Throughout the study, weight, blood pressure, and daily food intake were measured. Serum total cholesterol and low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoproteins A-1 and B were measured at the end of each diet period. Results: Analysis of food intake showed that the daily diet is isocaloric for the butter regimen (2,537 +/- 244 kcal/day) as well as for the VAO and EVO regimens (2,561 246 and 2,560 +/- 253 kcal/day, respectively). Analysis of the lipid intake showed a reduction in saturated fatty acids with VAO and EVO regimens (27 +/- 1.4 and 26.4 +/- 3.4%, respectively) as compared with the stabilization period(41.6 +/- 2.4%). The analysis of serum lipids showed a significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-1 in both VAO group (8.4%, p=0.012, and 5.2%, p=0.027, respectively) and EVO group (17.3%, p=0.001, and 5.9%, p=0.036, respectively). However, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B (13.8%, p=0.037, and 7.8%, p=0.039, respectively) decreased significantly only in EVO group as compared with the stabilization period, while triglycerides decreased significantly by 17.5% (p=0.039) only in VAO group. Conclusion: These results confirm the cholesterol-lowering effect of EVO and show for the first time the triglyceride-lowering effect of VAO in men. Copyright (C) 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel.
The effect of combining plant sterols, soy protein, viscous fibers, and almonds in treating hypercholesterolemia; Reductions in low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) result from diets containing almonds, or diets that are either low in saturated fat or high in viscous fibers, soy proteins, or plant sterols. We have therefore combined all of these interventions in a single diet (portfolio diet) to determine whether cholesterol reductions could be achieved of similar magnitude to those reported in recent statin trials which reduced cardiovascular events. Twenty-five hyperlipidemic subjects consumed either a portfolio diet (n = 13), very low in saturated fat and high in plant sterols (1.2 g/1,000 kcal), soy protein (16.2 g/1,000 kcal), viscous fibers (8.3 g/1,000 kcal), and almonds (16.6 g/1,000 kcal), or a low-saturated fat diet (n=12) based on whole-wheat cereals and low-fat dairy foods. Fasting blood, blood pressure, and body weight were obtained at weeks 0, 2, and 4 of each phase. LDL-C was reduced by 12.1%+/-2.4% (P<.001) on the low-fat diet and by 35.0%+/-3.1% (P<.001) on the portfolio diet, which also reduced the ratio of LDL-C to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) significantly (30.0%+/-3.5%; P<.001). The reductions in LDL-C and the LDL:HDL-C ratio were both significantly lower on the portfolio diet than on the control diet (P<.001 and P<.001, respectively). Mean weight loss was similar on test and control diets (1.0 kg and 0.9 kg, respectively). No difference was seen in blood pressure, HDL-C, serum triglycerides, lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], or homocysteine concentrations between diets. Combining a number of foods and food components in a single dietary portfolio may lower LDL-C similarly to statins and so increase the potential effectiveness of dietary therapy. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of UHT-processed dairy milk on cardio-metabolic risk factors; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a major cause of death worldwide. Whereas dairy generally is associated with a neutral or a beneficial CVD effect, the consumption of ultra-high temperature (UHT)-treated milk has been reported to increase levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in an uncontrolled study. Our aim was to examine whether semi-skimmed UHT dairy milk increases the risk of CVD development compared with pasteurized (PAST) dairy milk in overweight healthy adults. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Nineteen healthy men and women participated in a randomized, controlled, crossover study. The effect of intake of 1.5 l of UHT dairy milk or PAST milk, similar in nutritional content, was examined as a supplement to the participant's habitual diet for 21 days in each intervention period. Intake of other dairy products was not allowed during the intervention period. Clinical evaluation and blood samples took place preintervention and postintervention. RESULTS: There was no significant effect by type of milk on LDL-C (P = 0.29). No effects of type of milk were observed in other blood lipid levels, such as total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglycerides. No effects of type of milk were found for blood pressure, insulin, glucose concentration and insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) or body weight. CONCLUSIONS: This study does not support the hypothesis that UHT processing of milk increases the risk of CVD.
Bovine Peptic Casein Hydrolysate Ameliorates Cardiovascular Risk Factors in a Model of ApoE-deficient Mice but not Overweight, Mildly Hypercholesterolaemic Men; Associations have been shown between consumption of bovine dairy and decreased prevalence of metabolic related disorders. Milk peptides may promote both angiotensin-I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition for blood pressure (BP) lowering and insulin action for better glycaemic control. Less is known of other metabolic parameters. The aim of this study was to investigate effects of dairy peptic casein hydrolysate (CH) on markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in (1) an apolipoproteinE (ApoE) - deficient mouse model of high-fat fed hypercholesterolaem-ia, and, (2) a clinical study of moderate overweight and hypercholesterolaemia. In Trial 1, ApoE-deficient mice were supplemented with high dose CH (similar to 1g/kg body weight) in a randomised, 9-wk, parallel design intervention, and blood and tissue samples harvested. In Trial 2, 24 mildly hypercholesterolaemic men were supplemented with lower dose CH (similar to 0.1g/kg body weight, 10g/day, 3-wks) and matched whey protein control (WP, 10g/day, 3-wks) in a randomised, 9-wk, cross-over design intervention. Diets were separated by a 3-wk washout. Fasting blood and urine samples were collected, and blood pressure (BP) measured weekly. Clinical trial registration number, ACTRN 12611001013954. In ApoE-deficient mice, administration of CH significantly inhibited circulating total cholesterol concentrations by 37% (TC, P<0.01) and decreased aorta atherosclerotic lesion score by 25% (P<0.01). In the clinical study there were no significant differential effects of CH supplementation on CV markers, including serum lipids (TC, LDL-C, HDL-C, triglyceride), glucose and BP. Whilst high dose bovine peptic CH attenuated CVD risk in a murine ApoE deficient model of aggressive hypercholesterolaemia, no evidence of amelioration of risk by supplementation with a lower dose of CH in an overweight population of mildly hypercholesterolaemic men was found.
Hypotensive and heart rate-lowering effects in rats receiving milk fermented by specific <i>Lactococcus lactis</i> strains; Previous studies have demonstrated that milk fermented by specific Lactococcus lactis strains significantly inhibits the activity of angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE). However, the relationship between the ACE inhibitor and its in vivo action has revealed discrepancies. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the antihypertensive and heart rate (HR)-lowering effect of milk fermented by specific L. lactis in a murine model. Spontaneously hypertensive male rats (271 (SD 14) g) were randomised into four treatment groups that were orally administered with milk fermented by L. lactis NRRL B-50 571 or L. lactis NRRL B-50 572 at 35 or 50 mg protein/kg body weight (BW), respectively. Further, two more groups were fed with different solutions as controls: a saline solution as the negative control and Captopril (TM) (40 mg/kg BW), a proven ACE inhibitor, as the positive control. Blood pressure and HR were monitored by the tail-cuff method before the treatments and at 2, 4, 6 and 24 h post-oral administration. The results demonstrated that milk fermented by L. lactis NRRL B-50 571 as well as by L. lactis NRRL B-50 572 presented an important systolic and diastolic blood pressure- and HR-lowering effect. Thus, milk fermented by specific L. lactis strains may present potential benefits in the prevention and treatment of CVD associated with hypertension in humans.
Avoiding milk is associated with a reduced risk of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome: findings from the British Women's Heart and Health Study; Objective To examine the association of milk consumption with insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. Methods The association was examined in 4024 British women aged 60-79 who were randomly selected from primary care centres in 23 towns. Results Women who never drank milk had lower homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA) scores, triglyceride concentrations and body mass indices, and higher high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentrations, than those who drank milk. The age-adjusted odds ratio for the metabolic syndrome comparing non-milk drinkers with drinkers was 0.55 (0.33, 0.94), which did not attenuate with adjustment for potential confounders. Diabetes was less common in non-milk drinkers. Conclusion Individuals who do not drink milk may be protected against insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. However, randomized controlled trials are required to establish whether milk avoidance is causally associated with these outcomes.
Ingesting Yogurt Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> OLL2712 Reduces Abdominal Fat Accumulation and Chronic Inflammation in Overweight Adults in a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: Chronic inflammation and insulin resistance are factors that are related to obesity. We have suggested that the administration of heat-treated Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells can improve glucose and lipid metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and a preliminary clinical study. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate whether ingesting OLL2712 cells can reduce body fat accumulation and improve metabolic risk factors, in overweight, healthy adults. Methods: This study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial conducted at a single center in Japan. The study participants included 100 overweight (BMI range, >= 25 to <30 kg/m(2)) adults aged 20-64 y. They were randomly assigned to either the placebo or OLL2712 group (n = 50 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing >5 x 10(9) heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 wk. The primary outcome was the 12-wk change in the abdominal fat area, as assessed by computed tomography, and the secondary outcomes were glucose and lipid metabolism-related parameters and chronic inflammation markers, which were analyzed using a linear mixed model. Results: The 12-wk change of abdominal fat area (difference: 8.5 cm(2); 95% CI: 0.3, 16.6 cm(2); P = 0.040) and fasting plasma glucose (difference: 3.2 mg/dL; 95% CI: 0.8, 5.6 mg/dL; P = 0.021) were significantly less in the OLL2712 group than the placebo group. The overall trend of serum IL-6 was significantly decreased in the OLL2712 group compared with baseline and the placebo group. Conclusions: The ingestion of heat-treated OLL2712 cells reduces body fat accumulation and the deterioration of glycemic control and chronic inflammation, in overweight, healthy adults. We hypothesize that OLL2712 cells may prevent obesity by regulating chronic inflammation.
BMI modifies the effect of dietary fat on atherogenic lipids: a randomized clinical trial; Background: SFA intake increases LDL cholesterol whereas PUFA intake lowers it. Whether the lipid response to dietary fat differs between normal-weight and obese persons is of relevance to dietary recommendations for obese populations. Objectives: We compared the effect of substituting unsaturated fat for saturated fat on LDL cholesterol and apoB concentrations in normal-weight (BMI <= 25 kg/m(2)) and obese (BMI: 30-45) subjects with elevated LDL cholesterol. Methods: We randomly assigned 83 men and women (aged 21-70 y) stratified by BMI (normal: n = 44; obese: n = 39) and elevated LDL cholesterol (mean +/- SD, normal weight 4.6 +/- 0.9 mmol/L; obese 4.4 +/- 0.8 mmol/L) to either a PUFA diet enriched with oil-based margarine (n = 42) or an SFA diet enriched with butter (n = 41) for 6 wk. Results: Seven-day dietary records showed differences of similar to 9 energy percent (E%) in SFA and similar to 4 E% in PUFA between the SFA and PUFA groups. In the total study population, the PUFA diet compared with the SFA diet lowered LDL cholesterol (-0.31 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.47, -0.15 mmol/L, compared with 0.32 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.18, 0.47 mmol/L; P < 0.001) and apoB (-0.08 g/L; 95% CI: -0.11, -0.05 g/L, compared with 0.07 g/L; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.10 g/L; P < 0.001). Tests of the BMI x diet interaction were significant for total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and apoB (P values <= 0.009). In normal-weight compared with obese participants post-hoc comparisons found that the respective changes in LDL cholesterol were 9.7% (95% CI: 5.3%, 14.2%) compared with 5.3% (95% CI: -0.7%, 11.2%), P = 0.206, in the SFA group, and -10.4% (95% CI: -15.2%, -5.7%) compared with -2.3% (95% CI: -7.4%, 2.8%), P = 0.020, in the PUFA group. ApoB changes were 7.5% (95% CI: 3.5%, 11.4%) compared with 3.0% (95% CI: -1.7%, 7.7%), P = 0.140, in the SFA group, and -8.9% (95% CI: -12.6%, -5.2%) compared with - 3.8% (95% CI: -6.3%, -1.2%), P = 0.021, in the PUFA group. Responses to dietary fat were not associated with changes in polyprotein convertase subtisilin/kexin type 9 concentrations. Conclusions: BMI modifies the effect of PUFAs compared with SFAs, with smaller improvements in atherogenic lipid concentrations in obese than in normal-weight individuals, possibly supporting adjustment of dietary recommendations according to BMI.
Low-Fat Nondairy Minidrink Containing Plant Stanol Ester Effectively Reduces LDL Cholesterol in Subjects with Mild to Moderate Hypercholesterolemia as Part of a Western Diet; The cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant stanol ester (STAEST) added to fat- or milk-based products is well documented. However, their efficacy when added to nondairy liquid drinks is less certain. Therefore, we have investigated the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of STAEST added to a soymilk-based minidrink in the hypercholesterolemic subjects. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel study, the intervention group (n. = 27) consumed 2.7 g/d of plant stanols as the ester in soymilk-based minidrink (65 mL/d) with the control group (n. = 29) receiving the same drink without added plant stanols once a day with a meal for 4 weeks. Serum total, LDL, and non-HDL cholesterol concentrations were reduced by 8.0, 11.1, and 10.2% compared with controls (p < 0.05 for all). Serum plant sterol concentrations and their ratios to cholesterol declined by 12-25% from baseline in the STAEST group while the ratio of campesterol to cholesterol was increased by 10% in the controls (p < 0.05 for all). Serum precursors of cholesterol remained unchanged in both groups. In conclusion, STAEST-containing soymilk-based low-fat minidrink consumed once a day with a meal lowered LDL and non-HDL cholesterol concentrations without evoking any side effects in subjects consuming normal Western diet. The clinical trial registration number is NCT01716390.
Effects of red meat, white meat, and nonmeat protein sources on atherogenic lipoprotein measures in the context of low compared with high saturated fat intake: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dietary recommendations to limit red meat are based on observational studies linking intake to cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk together with the potential of its saturated fatty acid (SFA) content to raise low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. However, the relation of white meat to CVD risk, and the effects of dietary protein source on lipoprotein particle subfractions, have not been extensively evaluated. Objective: We tested whether levels of atherogenic lipids and lipoproteins differed significantly following consumption of diets with high red meat content compared with diets with similar amounts of protein derived from white meat or nonmeat sources, and whether these effects were modified by concomitant intake of high compared with low SFAs. Methods: Generally healthy men and women, 21-65 y, body mass index 20-35 kg/m(2), were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 parallel arms (high or low SFA) and within each, allocated to red meat, white meat, and nonmeat protein diets consumed for 4 wk each in random order. The primary outcomes were LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B (apoB), small + medium LDL particles, and total/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Results: Analysis included participants who completed all 3 dietary protein assignments (61 for high SFA; 52 for low SFA). LDL cholesterol and apoB were higher with red and white meat than with nonmeat, independent of SFA content (P < 0.0001 for all, except apoB: red meat compared with nonmeat [P = 0.0004]). This was due primarily to increases in large LDL particles, whereas small + medium LDL and total/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were unaffected by protein source (P = 0.10 and P = 0.51, respectively). Primary outcomes did not differ significantly between red and white meat. Independent of protein source, high compared with low SFA increased LDL cholesterol (P = 0.0003), apoB (P = 0.0002), and large LDL (P = 0.0002). Conclusions: The findings are in keeping with recommendations promoting diets with a high proportion of plant-based food but, based on lipid and lipoprotein effects, do not provide evidence for choosing white over red meat for reducing CVD risk. This trial was registered at Clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01427855.
Effect of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus salivarius</i> UBL S22 and Prebiotic Fructo-oligosaccharide on Serum Lipids, Inflammatory Markers, Insulin Sensitivity, and Gut Bacteria in Healthy Young Volunteers: A Randomized Controlled Single-Blind Pilot Study; This study investigated the effect of 6-week supplementation of a probiotic strain Lactobacillus salivarius UBL S22 with or without prebiotic fructo-oligosaccharide (FOS) on serum lipid profiles, immune responses, insulin sensitivity, and gut lactobacilli in 45 healthy young individuals. The patients were divided into 3 groups (15/group), that is, placebo, probiotic, and synbiotic. After 6 weeks, a significant reduction (P < .05) in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and triglycerides and increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was observed in the probiotic as well as in the synbiotic group when compared to placebo; however, the results of total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol were more pronounced in the synbiotic group. Similarly, when compared to the placebo group, the serum concentrations of inflammatory markers such as high sensitivity C-reactive protein, interleukin (IL) 6, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor a were significantly (P < .05) reduced in both the experimental groups, but again the reduction in the synbiotic group was more pronounced. Also, an increase (P < .05) in the fecal counts of total lactobacilli and a decrease (P < .05) in coliforms and Escherichia coil was observed in both the experimental groups after 6 weeks of ingestion. Overall, the combination of L salivarius with FOS was observed to be more beneficial than L salivarius alone, thereby advocating that such synbiotic combinations could be therapeutically exploited for improved health and quality of life.
Effects of Calcium and Resistance Exercise on Body Composition in Overweight Premenopausal Women; Objective: To examine the combined treatment effect of a mild energy restriction, high dairy calcium intake, and resistance exercise on promoting favorable body composition changes in overweight women with a low dairy intake. Combined treatment strategies may produce synergistic effects on increasing fat loss and preserving bone in a population at risk for obesity and osteoporosis. Methods: Overweight, sedentary women consuming a diet low in dairy calcium (<= 1 serving of dairy per day) were randomized either (1) to maintain a low-calcium diet (LOW; <= 500 mg; n = 15) or (2) to increase dairy calcium (HIGH; >= 1200 mg; n = 14) for 16 weeks. Both groups began resistance training 3 days per week and received dietary counseling to reduce energy intake by 250 kcal per day. Body composition was measured at the beginning and at the end of the study with dual energy x-ray absorptiometry. Two 24-hour dietary recalls were measured at baseline, midpoint, and end of study with Nutrition Data System for Research software. Results: Participants were 36.8 +/- 4.8 years of age, with an average body mass index of 29.1 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2). Fat mass decreased significantly over time (LOW = 3.8 +/- 4.1 kg and HIGH = 1.8 +/- 2.1 kg) but was not significantly different by group. Mean energy reduction from baseline was 382 kcal (LOW) and 214 kcal (HIGH; p = 0.14). When change in energy intake was included as a covariate, there was still no significant difference in fat loss between groups. Change in lumbar spine bone mineral density (LOW = -1.5% and HIGH = 0.8%) was significant between groups (p = 0.02). The prescribed mean calcium intake was achieved for each study group (LOW = 454 +/- 143 mg and HIGH = 1312 +/- 183 mg), with no significant changes in protein intake over time (LOW = 0.9 g/kg and HIGH = 1.0 g/kg, p = 0.08). Conclusion: These results suggest that increasing dairy calcium offers no added benefit in reducing body fat when combined with resistance training and energy restriction. However, increasing dairy calcium improves bone mineral density in premenopausal overweight women.
Influence of a cholesterol-lowering strain<i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i>LP3 isolated from traditional fermented yak milk on gut bacterial microbiota and metabolome of rats fed with a high-fat diet; L. plantarumLP3 isolated from traditinal fermented Tibetan yak milk has been identified as a potential probiotic candidate strain with high cholesterol-lowering activity. In this study, thirty Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were randomly divided into three groups, including normal diet (NC), high-fat diet (HC), and high-fat diet +L. plantarumLP3 (HLp). The effects ofL. plantarumLP3 on plasma lipid profile, gut bacterial microbiota, and metabolome induced by high-fat diet in rats were investigated. Results shown thatL. plantarumLP3 administration was found to reduce the levels of total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and atherogenic index in the serum of high-fat diet rats. It also controlled the decrease ofBacteroidetesand increase ofFirmicutesat the phylum level in gut microbiota induced by high-fat diet in SD rats and increased the diversity and relative abundance of intestinal flora in obese rats. In particular, the LP3 strain controlled the changes induced by the high-fat diet in the abundance of forLachnospiraceaeandErysipelotrichaceae. We also further observed the beneficial regulatory effects ofL. plantarumLP3 on changes in the levels of obesity-related metabolites. The biosynthesis of fatty acids, steroids, and bile acids and metabolism of linoleic acid, linolenic acid, and arachidonic acid were the main metabolic pathways adjusted byL. plantarumLP3 in obese rats, and the metabolic rates were similar to those observed in normal diet rats levels. The findings of this study provided useful information on the mechanism underlying the hypocholesterolemic effects ofL. plantarumLP3 in the high-fat induced SD rat model with the perspective of modulation of gut microbiota and metabolites.
Effect of Probiotic Soy Milk on Serum Levels of Adiponectin, Inflammatory Mediators, Lipid Profile, and Fasting Blood Glucose Among Patients with Type II Diabetes Mellitus; Probiotic therapies are going to be an effective alternative therapeutic strategy in the treatment and management of diabetes. The mechanism behind the essential effects of probiotic therapies in diabetic patients was not fully understood. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarum A7 on inflammation, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, and serum adiponectin among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Forty patients with type 2 diabetes, at the age of 35-68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing L. planetarum A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/ day of pure soy milk for 8 weeks. Serum TNF-alpha, C reactive protein, adiponectin, lipid profile, and fasting blood glucose were determined before and after intervention. In intervention group, serum adiponectin in pre-and post-treatment did not show any significant changes (2.52 +/- 0.74 vs 2.84 +/- 0.61, P = 0.658), as well as changes in serum TNF-alpha and C reactive protein (172.44 +/- 5.7 vs 172.83 +/- 7.6, P = 0.278, 4.2 +/- 1.4 vs 4.5 +/- 1.9, P = 0.765, respectively). Low-density cholesterol and high-density cholesterol changed significantly (P = 0.023, P = 0.017, respectively), but fasting blood glucose did not show any significant changes. The results of this study showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk and soy milk has no effect on serum adiponectin and inflammation, but it can change lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients.
Diet, blood pressure and hypertension; Prevention of hypertension, and control of blood pressure in patients with hypertension, are necessary for the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Lifestyle modifications are one of the most important tools for effective lowering of blood pressure. Most randomized controlled studies have shown that even a modest weight loss of 3-9 % is associated with a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure of roughly 3 mm Hg in overweight people. Limitation of sodium chloride in food has historically been considered the critical change for reducing blood pressure. Changes in sodium intake do affect blood pressure in older persons and in patients with hypertension and diabetes, whereas its role in population blood pressure has proven controversial. Recent meta-analyses indicate that adequate intake of minerals, e.g. potassium and probably calcium, rather than restriction of sodium, should be the focus of dietary recommendations. Although epidemiological data point to a direct relation between the intake of saturated fat, starch and alcohol, as well as an inverse relationship to the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and protein, our knowledge about macronutrients and blood pressure is scanty. It may well prove more productive to look at food instead of placing emphasis on single nutrients. Thus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) demonstrates that a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products, fibre and minerals (calcium, potassium and magnesium) produces a potent antihypertensive effect. Such a diet is not very restrictive and should not produce compliance problems. Further high-quality research on the influence of macronutrients and food will yield data for updated recommendations, enabling better prevention and control of the blood pressure problem.
Double-Blind Randomized Placebo Controlled Trial Demonstrating Serum Cholesterol Lowering Efficacy of a Smoothie Drink with Added Plant Stanol Esters in an Indonesian Population; Indonesians have a high intake of saturated fats, a key contributing dietary factor to elevated blood cholesterol concentrations. We investigated the cholesterol lowering efficacy of a smoothie drink with 2 grams of plant stanols as esters to lower serum total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolemic Indonesian adults. The double-blind randomized placebo controlled parallel design study involved 99 subjects. Fifty subjects received control drink and dietary advice, and 49 subjects received intervention drink (Nutrive Benecol (R)) and dietary advice. Baseline, midline (week 2), and endline (week 4) assessments were undertaken for clinical, anthropometric, and biochemical variables. Compared to control, the smoothie drink with plant stanols reduced serum LDL-cholesterol concentration by 7.6% (p < 0.05) and 9.0% (p < 0.05) in two and four weeks, respectively. Serum total cholesterol was reduced by 5.7% (p < 0.05 compared to control) in two weeks, and no further reduction was detected after four weeks (5.6%). Compared to baseline habitual diet, LDL-cholesterol was reduced by 9.3% (p < 0.05) and 9.8% (p < 0.05) in the plant stanol ester group in two and four weeks, respectively. We conclude that consumption of smoothie drink with added plant stanol esters effectively reduces serum total and LDL-cholesterol of hypercholesterolemic Indonesian subjects already in two weeks.
Milk enriched with phytosterols reduces plasma cholesterol levels in healthy and hypercholesterolemic subjects; The consumption of plant sterols has been shown to decrease plasma concentrations of cholesterol without adverse effects in human subjects. To evaluate if milk would be a good vehicle for phytosterols to lower plasma levels of cholesterol, we performed a randomized blind study with healthy subjects (n = 22) and hypercholesterolemic patients (n = 19), both groups treated with phytosterol-enriched milk (2 g/d). Another hypercholesterolemic group (n = 15) was used as a control group. Lipid profile and biochemical, hematologic, and hemorheological parameters were deter-mined at the beginning and after 15 and 30 days of milk beverage intake. After 15 days of treatment, healthy individuals showed lowered total cholesterol and LDL-C levels, by 8.31% (P = .05) and 11% (P < .05), respectively. After 30 days of the trial, these values did not change significantly. Hypercholesterolemic patients treated with phytosterol-enriched milk demonstrated significantly diminished levels of total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations, by 9.62% (P < .05) and 12.20 % (P < .05), respectively. After 30 days, an increase in the total cholesterol and LDL-C levels was observed for hypercholesterolemic subjects, 6.69% (P < .05) and 8.68% (P < .05), respectively. In the hypercholesterolemic control subjects, no difference was found between plasma levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and LDL-C. Only healthy subjects showed significant changes during the intake of phytosterol-enriched milk. The results obtained indicate that phytosterol-enriched milk is a good vehicle for reducing plasma cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic subjects. (c) 2007 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Dietary leucine improves whole-body insulin sensitivity independent of body fat in diet-induced obese Sprague-Dawley rats; Dairy foods and dietary calcium (Ca) are potential regulators of body weight and insulin sensitivity. The specific components of dairy responsible for these actions are not known but may include leucine. Our objective was to determine the effect of dietary protein (casein, skim milk or leucine) and Ca level [low, 0.67% (LC) or high, 2.4% (HC)] on adiposity and insulin sensitivity. Obesity was induced in Sprague-Dawley rats with a 6-week period of high-fat/high-sucrose (HFHS) diet intake. Rats were randomly assigned to one of six HFHS diets for 8 weeks where dietary protein was provided as casein, skim milk or casein enriched with leucine, and contained either LC or HC. Body composition via dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry and insulin sensitivity via euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp were measured. Microarray was used to assess gene expression in liver and skeletal muscle. Rats fed leucine had greater insulin sensitivity than those fed casein or skim milk (P<.05). Dietary protein differentially regulated hepatic and skeletal muscle genes associated with insulin, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor and mammalian target of rapamycin pathways. Specifically, two key genes responsible for insulin sensitivity, hepatic insulin receptor substrate (IRS) and protein kinase B (Akt), were altered in hepatic tissue in response to leucine. Rats fed skim milk and leucine diets had lower body weight compared to those fed casein (P<.05). HC reduced fat mass compared to LC (P<.05). While skim milk and leucine both reduced fat mass, only leucine improved insulin sensitivity compared to casein. Differential expression of genes such as IRS and Akt may be responsible for changes in insulin sensitivity in obese rats. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SUSTAINED ANTI-ANGINAL ACTION OF GLYCERYL TRINITRATE CREAM; In an acute study, 45 min following topical application of 9.2 mg of nitroglycerin (GTN) cream, exercise time increased by 100s (P < 0.005) and this increase persisted for 270 min. Systolic blood pressure showed a progressive fall. In the 2nd study 1 h following application of 9.2 mg GTN cream, a significant reduction in left ventricular diastolic dimension was seen. In a subsequent chronic randomized double blind study, exercise time increased by 47 s (P < 0.05) at 6 h, following 3 wk continual use. An increased dose for a further 3 wk produced no further increase in exercise time; however, a significant decrease in left ventricular end diastolic dimension was seen. No evidence of pharmacological tolerance was seen, as patients continued to show a maximal response to sublingual nitroglycerin during the course of the study.
Comparison of the effects of cows' milk, fortified soy milk, and calcium supplement on weight and fat loss in premenopausal overweight and obese women; Background and aims: Recent studies suggest that calcium metabolism and perhaps other components of dairy products may contribute to shifting the energy balance and thus play a role in weight regulation. We compared the effects of cows' milk, calcium fortified soy milk and calcium supplement on weight and body fat reduction in premenopausal overweight and obese women. Methods and Results: In this clinical trial, 100 healthy overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomized to one of the following dietary regimens for 8 weeks: (1) a control diet providing a 500 kcal/day deficit, with 500-600 mg/day dietary calcium; (2) a calcium-supplemented diet identical to the control diet with 800 mg/day of calcium as calcium carbonate; (3) a milk diet providing a 500 kcal/day deficit and containing three servings of low-fat milk; (4) a soy milk diet providing a 500 kcal/day deficit and containing three servings of calcium fortified soy milk. At baseline and after 8 weeks, weight, waist circumference, and hip circumference were measured. Three 24-h dietary records and physical activity records were also taken. Comparing the mean differences in weight, waist circumference, body mass index (BMI) and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) using repeated measure of variance analysis showed that changes in waist circumference and WHR were significant among the four groups (p = 0.029 and p = 0.015, respectively). After adjustment for baseline values, changes in weight and BMI were also significant (p = 0.017 and p = 0.019, respectively). Weight reductions in high milk, soy milk, calcium supplement and control groups were 4.43 +/- 1.93 (kg), 3.46 +/- 1.28 (kg), 3.89 +/- 2.40 (kg) and 2.87 +/- 1.55 (kg), respectively. The greatest changes were seen in the high dairy group in all variables. Conclusion: Increasing low fat milk consumption significantly reduces the general and central obesity beyond a low calorie diet. (C) 2009 Published by Elsevier B. V.
Consumption of nattokinase is associated with reduced blood pressure and von Willebrand factor, a cardiovascular risk marker: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter North American clinical trial; Objective: The objective of this study is to evaluate the effects of consumption of nattokinase on hypertension in a North American hypertensive population with associated genetic, dietary, and lifestyle factors. This is in extension of, and contrast to, previous studies on Asian populations. Materials and methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-arm clinical study was performed to evaluate nattokinase (NSK-SD), a fermented soy extract nano from which vitamin K2 has been removed. Based on the results from previous studies on Asian populations, 79 subjects were enrolled upon screening for elevated blood pressure (BP; systolic BP 130 or diastolic BP 90 mmHg) who consumed placebo or 100 mg nattokinaseld for the 8-week study duration. Blood collections were performed at baseline and 8 weeks for testing plasma. resin activity, von Willebrand factor (vWF), and platelet factor-4. Seventy-four people completed the study with good compliance. Results: Consumption of nattokinase was associated with a reduction in both systolic and diastolic BP the reduction in systolic BP was seen for both sexes but was more robust in males consuming nattokinase. The average reduction in diastolic BP in the nattokinase group from 87 inutlIg to 84 min Fig was statistically significant when compared to that in the group consuming placebo, where the average diastolic BP remained constant at 87 mmHg (P<0.05), and reached a high level of significance for males consuming nattokinase, where the average diastolic BP dropped from 86 mmHg to 81 mmHg (P<0.006). A decrease in vWF was seen in the female population consuming nattokinase (P<0.1). In the subpopulation with low plasma. resin activity levels at baseline (<0.29 ng/mL/h), an increase wa.s seen for 66% of the people after 8-week consumption of nattokinase (P<0.1), in contrast to only 8% in the placebo group. Conclusion: The data suggest that nattokina.se consumption in a North American population is associated with beneficial changes to BP in a hypertensive population, indicating sex-specific mechanisms of action of nattokinase's effect on VWF and hypertension.
EFFECT OF DIETARY EXTRUDED LINSEED, VERBASCOSIDE AND VITAMIN E SUPLEMENTS ON SELECTED SERUM BIOCHEMICAL PARAMETERS AND PLASMA OXIDATIVE STATUS IN LACAUNE EWES; Selected serum biochemical parameters and plasma oxidative status were evaluated in Lacaune ewes on a diet supplemented with extruded linseed, verbascoside and vitamin E. A 98 day-trial was conducted on 44 ewes and started 40 +/- 2 days post partum. The animals were divided into four homogeneous groups of eleven animals each; one control group (CON) with a basal diet, and the other three experimental groups supplemented with extruded linseed (L group), extruded linseed-verbascoside (LVB group) and extruded linseed-verbascoside-vitamin E (LVBE group). All animals individually received an isoproteic and isoenergetic diet, consisting of 700g of concentrated feed and meadow hay ad libitum. Blood sampling of the ewes was performed three times: at the beginning (0 d), midway (49 d) and end of the trial (98 d). The following parameters were determined: triglycerides, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, bilirubin, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), reactive oxygen metabolites (ROMs), vitamin A and vitamin E. Dietary integration in the LVB and LVBE groups resulted in an improvement in the blood profile, characterized by a significant (P=0.001) increase in HDL cholesterol and a marked decrease in triglycerides (P=0.001), total cholesterol (P=0.017), LDL cholesterol (P=0.001) and bilirubin (P=0.035), due to the verbascoside supplementation. In the same groups, there was an increase in blood vitamin A (P=0.002) and vitamin E (P=0.001), and a reduction (P=0.001) in ROMs and TBARS, with an improved plasma oxidative status. The dietary vitamin E integration did not produce a significant improvement in the parameters studied, with no statistical differences between LVB and LVBE groups. Animal feed containing extruded flaxseed, might therefore benefit from the addition of a verbascoside supplement, because of the positive effect showed by this molecule on the blood parameters.
Association of reproductive factors, oral contraceptive use and selected lifestyle factors with the risk of ovarian borderline tumors:: A Danish case-control study; Objective The aim was to examine risk factors for ovarian borderline tumors overall, and according to histological subtype (serous vs. mucinous), in a large Danish population-based case-control study. Methods Ovarian borderline cases and controls were recruited from 1995 to 1999, and personal interviews were conducted. In all, 202 cases and 1,564 randomly selected controls were included. The analysis was performed using multiple logistic regression models. Results The risk of ovarian borderline disease decreased with increasing parity (OR=0.79 per birth, 95% CI: 0.63-0.98) and older age at first birth (OR=0.67 per 5 years, 95% CI: 0.53-0.84). Both a history of breastfeeding and use of oral contraceptives reduced the risk of borderline tumor, the effect being most pronounced for serous tumors. Increasing body mass index (BMI) was associated with elevated risk of serous borderline tumor (OR=1.05 per BMI unit; 95% CI: 1.00-1.10), whereas current smoking was a strong risk factor only for mucinous tumors (OR=2.10; 95% CI: 1.22-3.60). Finally, increasing consumption of milk (all types) was found to increase the risk of borderline disease (OR=1.04 per glass milk per week; 95% CI: 1.02-1.06), and increasing intake of total lactose also increased the risk significantly (OR=1.16 per 50 gram lactose per week; 95% CI: 1.06-1.26). Conclusions The risk profile of ovarian borderline tumors is similar to that of ovarian carcinomas, and we observed significant etiological differences between serous and mucinous borderline tumors.
Traditional plain yogurt: a therapeutic food for metabolic syndrome?; Dairy products have an important role in a healthy diet due to their high-quality protein and rich micronutrients. Yogurt, a fermented milk product, has a similar composition to milk but is a more concentrated product in terms of group B vitamins, minerals, and proteins. It is known that bioactive metabolites and live enzymes that occur by fermentation and digestion, affect the health positively by improving gut microbiota. In recent years, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, which threatens public health, is increasing rapidly. As with other noninfectious diseases, the diet has an important effect on the prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome. It has been demonstrated that yogurt has a high-quality amino acid pattern, reduces energy intake by stimulating satiety, and regulates blood glucose level. In addition to the rich protein variety, yogurt also contains peptides that positively affect blood pressure. Unlike milk, increased acidity during the fermentation of yogurt positively affects calcium absorption. Calcium plays an important role in the control of blood glucose and energy metabolism through insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent routes. In addition to reducing inflammation, calcium has a positive effect on the regulation of the blood lipid profile by increasing fecal fat excretion. There are many lipid and lipoid nutrients such as saturated fatty acids, phospholipids, sphingolipids, and conjugated linoleic acid that may affect the blood lipid profile in yogurt positively or negatively. There are seen very few randomized controlled studies that are focused on the relationship between yogurt and metabolic syndrome, and these are based on contradictory results. In this review, based on the clinical studies conducted to date, and the nutrient content of yogurt, possible mechanisms of these contradictory results are investigated.
Effect of dietary cholesterol and plant sterol consumption on plasma lipid responsiveness and cholesterol trafficking in healthy individuals; Dietary cholesterol and plant sterols differentially modulate cholesterol kinetics and circulating cholesterol. Understanding how healthy individuals with their inherent variabilities in cholesterol trafficking respond to such dietary sterols will aid in improving strategies for effective cholesterol lowering and alleviation of CVD risk. The objectives of this study were to assess plasma lipid responsiveness to dietary cholesterol v. plant sterol consumption, and to determine the response in rates of cholesterol absorption and synthesis to each sterol using stable isotope approaches in healthy individuals. A randomised, double-blinded, crossover, placebo-controlled clinical trial (n 49) with three treatment phases of 4-week duration were conducted in a Manitoba Hutterite population. During each phase, participants consumed one of the three treatments as a milkshake containing 600 mg/d dietary cholesterol, 2 g/d plant sterols or a control after breakfast meal. Plasma lipid profile was determined and cholesterol absorption and synthesis were measured by oral administration of [3, 4-C-13] cholesterol and H-2-labelled water, respectively. Dietary cholesterol consumption increased total (0-16 (SEM 0-06) mmol/l, P=0-0179) and HDL-cholesterol (0-08 (SEM 0-03) mmol/l, P=0-0216) concentrations with no changes in cholesterol absorption or synthesis. Plant sterol consumption failed to reduce LDL-cholesterol concentrations despite showing a reduction (6 %, P = 0-0004) in cholesterol absorption. An over-compensatory reciprocal increase in cholesterol synthesis (36 %, P = 0-0026) corresponding to a small reduction in absorption was observed with plant sterol consumption, possibly resulting in reduced LDL-cholesterol lowering efficacy of plant sterols. These data suggest that inter-individual variability in cholesterol trafficking mechanisms may profoundly impact plasma lipid responses to dietary sterols in healthy individuals.
The Type of Fat Ingested at Breakfast Influences the Plasma Lipid Profile of Postmenopausal Women; To assess whether the type of fat ingested at breakfast can modify the plasma lipid profile and other cardiovascular risk variables in postmenopausal women at risk of cardiovascular disease, a longitudinal, randomized, and crossover study was carried out with postmenopausal women at risk of CVD. They were randomly assigned to eat each type of breakfast during one month: 6 study periods (breakfast with the same composition plus butter/margarine/virgin olive oil) separated by two washout periods. On the first and last days of each study period, weight, arterial blood pressure, heart rate, and body mass index were recorded in fasting conditions and a blood sample was collected to measure plasma lipid profile. When comparing final values to baseline values, we only found out statistically significant differences on plasma lipid profiles. Butter-based breakfast increased total cholesterol and HDL, while margarine-based breakfast decreased total cholesterol and LDL and increased HDL. After the olive oil-based breakfast intake, a tendency towards a decrease of total cholesterol and LDL levels and an increase of HDL levels was observed. No statistically significant differences were observed in triglycerides levels, BMI, and arterial pressure in any breakfast type. The margarine-based breakfast was the only one which significantly increased the percentage of volunteers with optimal lipid profiles. The polyunsaturated fat at breakfast has improved the plasma lipid profile in the analyzed sample population, suggesting that PUFA-based breakfast can be advisable in women at risk of CVD.
Yoghurt enriched with <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> does not lower blood lipids in healthy men and women with normal to borderline high serum cholesterol levels; Objective: To investigate whether intake of Lactobacillus acidophilus strain L-1 lowers serum cholesterol in healthy men and women. Design: Randomised, placebo-controlled parallel trial. Setting: Subjects were free-living. Blood sampling and distribution of yoghurts were administered at a local hospital. Subjects: Seventy-eight adult men and women with cholesterol levels of 3.9-7.8 mmol/L (mean +/- s.d., 5.4 +/- 0.7). Interventions: Subjects consumed 500 mt of control yoghurt daily for two weeks. They were then randomly allocated to receive 500 mt per day of control yoghurt or of yoghurt enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus L-I for another six weeks. The yoghurts were spiked with a trace of lithium; compliance as assessed by plasma lithium was excellent. Results: Energy and nutrient intake was constant, and identical for the two groups. Mean body weight was stable. Baseline blood lipid concentrations in the control and treatment groups were highly similar. The effect of consumption of Lactobacillus acidophilus L-l E's control on total cholesterol was -0.02 mmol/L (95% CI, - 0.18-0.15) after three weeks and 0.04 mmol/L (95% CI, - 0.12-0.20) after six weeks. Serum LDL and HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels were also unaffected. Conclusions: Yoghurt enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus L-l does not lower serum cholesterol in men and women with normal to borderline high cholesterol levels.
Effect of consuming salad and yogurt as preload on body weight management and cardiovascular risk factors: a randomized clinical trial; Few investigations reported the reductive effect of preload consuming on energy intake. The objective of the study was to compare the effects of consuming a mix of low glycaemic index foods such as vegetable salad, yogurt and water before or with meal on anthropometric measures and cardio vascular diseases (CVD) risks. In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 25 men and 35 women were recruited to consume similar amounts of macronutrients within a hypocaloric diet for 3 months. Although subjects in the preload group consumed preload 15 min before the main meal, subjects in the control group consumed them with meal. The results showed that body weight, waist circumference, triglyceride, total cholesterol and systolic blood pressure decreased in more amount in the preload group (-7.8 +/- 0.5%, -2.7 +/- 0.2%, -5.7 +/- 1.1%, -3.1 +/- 0.53% and -4.4 +/- 0.4%, respectively; p < 0.05 for all). Fasting blood sugar and low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol decreased significantly only in the preload group. Consuming vegetable salad, yogurt and water as preload leads to greater changes in anthropometric measures and CVD risks.
EFFECTS OF CALCIUM SOAPS OF FATTY-ACIDS ON POSTPARTUM REPRODUCTIVE ACTIVITY IN BEEF-COWS AND GROWTH OF CALVES; Beef cows were used to determine the influence of calcium soaps of fatty acids (CSFA) incorporated in a range supplement on postpartum reproductive characteristics and growth of calves. Cows were assigned randomly to receive 0 (C, n = 68) or 125 g/d of CSFA (M, n = 66). Diets were isonitrogenous (23%) and were used during 105 d, beginning at 61 +/- 36 d (range) precalving. Two blood samples were collected monthly (7-d intervals). Weights of calves at 35, 50, and 90 d of age and weaning weight adjusted to 200 d of age were greater in M than in C (46.8 vs 43.8 kg, P <.05; 56.0 vs 50.6 kg, P <.01; 98.8 vs 91.8 kg, P <.01; and 186 vs 173 kg, P <.01, respectively). Body weights at 35 and 50 d postcalving were greater in M than in C cows (334 and 310 kg, P <.01; 329 and 300 kg, P <.01, respectively). A similar tendency;Nas observed in body condition scores in the same postpartum periods (4.1 vs 3.4, P <.01 and 3.6 vs 2.5, P <.01 for M and C, Concentrations of total cholesterol, lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides were greater (P <.01) in M than in C cows. Percentage of cycling (progesterone > 1 ng/mL) cows at 30 to 90 d postpartum was 38% in M and 22% in C (P <.02). Percentage of pregnant cows during the first half of the breeding season was greater (P <.02) in M (62.5%) than in C cows (35.5%). We concluded that CSFA incorporated in a range supplement during pre- and postpartum periods improved reproductive efficiency and growth of calves.
Hormonal, metabolic, and endometrial safety of testosterone vaginal cream versus estrogens for the treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women: a randomized, placebo-controlled study; Objective: The aim of the study was to evaluate the laboratory and endometrial safety of topical testosterone versus topical estrogen for the treatment of vaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women. Methods: This was a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of 60 postmenopausal women aged 40 to 70 years at the Menopause Clinic of CAISM UNICAMP. Women were randomized into three vaginal treatment groups: estrogen, testosterone, or placebo. The treatment was applied 3 times a week for 12 weeks. Hormonal laboratory values of follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, estradiol, estrone, androstenedione, total testosterone, free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, and sex hormone-binding globulin were assessed at baseline and at 6 and 12 weeks. Metabolic laboratory values of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase were also assessed at baseline and at 6 and 12 weeks. Endometrial safety was assessed using ultrasonography at baseline and at 12 weeks. Results: After 12 weeks of treatment, there were no significant differences in hormonal or metabolic laboratory values among all three groups. Two participants in the estrogen group had increased serum estradiol after 12 weeks of treatment. No change in endometrial thickening was reported in all three groups. Conclusions: Twelve weeks of treatment with topical testosterone or estrogen in postmenopausal women with symptoms of vaginal atrophy demonstrated laboratory and endometrial safety when compared with placebo.
The 2010 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and treatment of hypertension in adults for 2010. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, randomized trials and systematic reviews of trials were preferentially reviewed. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the general lack of long-term morbidity and mortality data in this field. Progressive renal impairment was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome among Patients with chronic kidney disease. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane Collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2008 to August 2009 to update the 2009 recommendations. To identify additional studies, reference lists were reviewed and experts were contacted. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by both content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: For lifestyle modifications to prevent and treat hypertension, restrict dietary sodium to 1500 mg (65 mmol) per day in adults 50 years of age or younger, to 1300 mg (57 mmol) per day in adults 51 to 70 years of age, and to 1200 mg (52 in not) per day in adults older than 70 years of age; perform 30 min to 60 min of moderate aerobic exercise four to seven days per week; maintain a healthy body weight (body mass index 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (less than 102 cm for men and less than 88 cm for women); limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 standard drinks per week for men or nine standard drinks per week for women; follow a diet that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-far dairy products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources, and that is low in saturated kit and cholesterol; and consider stress management in selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should be predicated on the patient's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and comorbid conditions. Blood pressure should be decreased to less than 140/90 mmHg in all patients, and to less than 130/80 mmHg in patients with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients will require more than one agent to achieve these target blood pressures. Antihypertensive therapy should be considered in all adult patients regardless of age (caution should be exercised in elderly patients who are frail). For adults without compelling indications for other agents, considerations for initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (in patients who are not black), long-acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) or beta-blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). A combination of two first-line agents may also be considered as initial treatment of hypertension if systolic blood pressure is 20 mmHg above target or if diastolic blood pressure is 10 mmHg above target. The combination of ACE inhibitors and ARBs should not be used, unless compelling indications are present to suggest consideration of dual therapy. Agents appropriate for first-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension include thiazide diuretics, long-acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. In patients with coronary artery disease, ACE inhibitors, ARBs or beta-blockers are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor/diuretic combination is preferred; in patients with proteinuric nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (if intolerant to ACE inhibitors) are recommended; and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first-line therapies. In selected high-risk patients in whom combination therapy is being considered, an ACE inhibitor plus a long-acting dihydro pyridine CCB is preferable to an ACE inhibitor plus a thiazide diuretic. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian lipid treatment guidelines. Selected patients with hypertension who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy, but who are otherwise at high risk for cardiovascular events, should nonetheless receive Amin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, low-dose acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to the strength of the evidence and voted on by the 63 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 80% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually.
Association between dairy intake, lipids and vascular structure and function in diabetes; AIM to determine lipid species that change in response to a change in dairy consumption. In addition, to investigate whether dairy associated lipid species are correlated with changes in measures of vascular structure and function. METHODS A 12-mo randomised controlled trial was conducted to determine the effect of increased consumption of fruit, vegetables and dairy, compared to usual diet, on measures of vascular structure and function in adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes (n = 108). This paper comprises post-hoc analyses investigating the relationship between dairy intake, serum lipid species and vascular health. Central and peripheral blood pressure, carotid femoral pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, serum lipid species and dietary intake were measured at baseline and 3-mo. Common carotid artery intima media thickness was measured at baseline and 12-mo. RESULTS serum lipid species [lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC) 14:0, LPC 15:0, LPC 16:1, phosphatidylcholine (PC) 29:0 PC 30:0, PC 31:0 and cholesterol ester (CE) 14:0] were associated with the change in full fat dairy consumption (rho 0.19-0.25; p < 0.05). The 3-mo change in some lipids was positively associated with the 3-mo change in central systolic [LPC 14:0 (rho 0.30; p = 0.007), PC 30:0 (rho 0.28; p = 0.010)] and diastolic blood pressure [LPC 14:0 (rho 0.32; p = 0.004), LPC 15:0 (rho 0.23; p = 0.04), LPC 16:1 (rho 0.23; p = 0.035), PC 29:0 (rho 0.28; p = 0.01), PC 30:0 (rho 0.36; p = 0.001), PC 31:0 (rho 0.30; p = 0.007)] and 12-mo change in common carotid artery intimal medial thickness [CE 14:0 (rho 0.22; p = 0.02)]. Pulse wave velocity and augmentation index were unrelated to dairy and lipid species. CONCLUSION an increase in dairy associated lipids appears to be associated with an increase in blood pressure and common carotid intimal medial thickness.
Haemoglobin status to determine nutritional anaemia and its association with breakfast skipping and BMI among nursing undergraduates of Farasan Island, KSA; The present study was conducted to determine nutritional anaemia using haemoglobin levels of female nursing undergraduates studying at Farasan Island with the purpose to intervene at a point, before the potential problems become serious later in life. In total, 130 apparently healthy, female students of Department of Nursing were recruited by a random sampling method to collect information on socio-demographic, lifestyle and anthropogenic characteristics, and dietary habits including breakfast skipping. Haemoglobin content was estimated using Sahli's Haemoglobinometer and observations were interpreted as per WHO's criteria for anaemia. Body mass index (BMI) was recorded using a digital weighing machine. Correlation between haemoglobin concentration, breakfast skipping and body mass index of study participants was assessed by Pearson's correlation. Data analyses were done using Origin software. Overall, 51.6 % (n = 67) students were all together anaemic with 28.5 % (n = 37) had mild anaemia, 15.4 % (n = 20) moderate and 7.69 % (n = 10) had severe anaemia. Of these, 20.8 % (n = 27) were underweight, 63.8 % (n = 83) normal weight and 15.4 % (n = 20) were above normal weight (over weight and obese). The Hb content showed a positive correlation with the BMI and exhibited an increasing trend with increase in the BMI among study participants (P < 0.05). Questionnaire analyses revealed that the majority (96.9 %, n = 126) of students were taking junk food as bulk of their meal A strong negative correlation was recorded between Hb contents and breakfast skipping tendencies (r= -0.987, P < 0.05). Findings of the present study are of high significance for public health professionals and educators to prioritise actions that could motivate these future nurses to adapt healthy lifestyles to strategically combat nutritional anaemia.
Blood cadmium levels and sources of exposure in an adult urban population in southern Brazil; Background: Cadmium (Cd) is a toxic metal that is widely present in the environment due to geologic and anthropogenic sources. Exposures to high Cd levels may cause nephrotoxicity, carcinogenicity, pulmonary and cardiovascular disease, among others. The goal of this study was to investigate in an adult urban population whether an association exists between sources and levels of Cd exposure and blood Cd concentrations. Methods: Using a census-based design, a total of 959 adults, aged 40 years or older, were randomly selected. Information on socio-demographics, dietary, and lifestyle background was obtained by household interviews. Blood Cd levels were measured by inductively coupled-plasma mass spectrometry. Geometric means (GM) (95% CI) and the 50th percentile were determined, stratified by sex, age, race, education, income class, smoking status, consumption of vegetables, red meat and milk, occupation and blood pressure. To assess the association between Cd exposure and the aforementioned variables, we estimated the geometric mean ratio (GMR) (95%CI) of blood Cd concentrations. Results and conclusion: The geometric mean (95%CI) of blood Cd levels in the total population was 0.25 (0.22, 0.27) ug/dL. In a univariate analysis, significantly higher blood Cd levels were found in men (p < 0.001), current and former smokers (p < 0.001), alcohol drinkers (p < 0.001), those who never or almost never consumed milk (p < 0.001), and in subjects with higher diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.03). Significant correlations were found between the number of cigarettes consumed daily and blood Cd levels. Multivariate analysis confirmed higher blood Cd concentrations were associated with alcohol consumption (GMR 95%CI = 1.28, 1.04-1.59) and in former and current smokers (GMR 95% IC = 1.33, 1.06-1.67 and 4.23, 3.24-5.52, respectively). Our results shed novel information on variables associated with blood Cd levels in an urban Brazilian population, and should encourage additional research to prevent environmental Cd exposure, both in Brazil and globally.
The Efficacy of Short-Term Weight Loss Programs and Consumption of Natural Probiotic Bryndza Cheese on Gut Microbiota Composition in Women; Weight loss interventions with probiotics have favourable effects on gut microbiota composition and derived metabolites. However, little is known about whether the consumption of natural probiotics, such as Bryndza cheeses, brings similar benefits. The purpose of the study was to find the effect of short-term weight loss programs and Bryndza cheese consumption on the structure of the gut microbiota, microbiota-derived metabolites and body composition in middle-aged women. We conducted a randomised controlled intervention study. Twenty-two female participants with a body fat percentage >= 25% underwent a short weight loss program (4 weeks). Subjects were randomised to either the control or intervention group according to diet. The intervention group comprised 13 participants, whose diet contained 30 g of "Bryndza" cheese daily (WLPB). The control group comprised nine participants without the regular consumption of Bryndza cheese (WLP) in their diet. Both interventions lead to a significant and favourable change of BMI, body fat, waist circumference and muscle mass. Moreover, the relative abundance of Erysipelotrichales significantly increased in both groups. However, the relative abundance of lactic acid bacteria (Lactobacillales, Streptococcaceae, Lactococcus and Streptococcus) significantly increased only in the WLPB group. Furthermore, short-chain fatty acid producers Phascolarctobacterium and Butyricimonas increased significantly in the WLPB group. A short-term weight loss program combined with Bryndza cheese consumption improves body composition and increases the abundance of lactic acid bacteria and short-chain fatty acid producers in middle-aged women.
Effects of beta-1,3-glucan supplementation on concentrations of serum metabolites in transition Holstein cows; Objectives of this study were to evaluate the alleviating effects of a commercial beta-1,3-glucan product (Aleta, containing 50% beta-1,3-glucan, Kemin Industries) on metabolic stress in transition Holstein cows as reflected by circulating metabolites and enzymes. Fifty-four multiparous Holstein cows were randomly allocated to three groups with 18 cows each. Cows in each group received a commercial basal diet or the basal diet supplemented with Aleta calculated to supply 5 or 10 g of Aleta per cow per day. Blood samples were collected at day - 21, 1, and 21 relative to calving for determination of serum triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), glucose, insulin, beta-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), and non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA). Supplementation with Aleta markedly elevated serum concentrations of TG, TC, HDL-C LDL-C and VLDL, implying its positive effect on lipid metabolism in transition dairy cows. Aleta treatment significantly decreased the serum concentrations of NEFA and BHBA, but markedly elevated the serum concentrations of glucose and insulin. Also, Aleta treatment significantly elevated the dry matter intake and milk production in postpartum cows, indicating the alleviating effect of Aleta on negative energy balance in transition cows. Moreover, Aleta treatment significantly reduced the serum activities of AST, ALT and GGT, indicating its hepatoprotective effect on transition cows. These results suggest that Aleta supplementation may help to improve fat metabolism disorder initiated by negative energy balance in transition dairy cows.
Cholesterol-Lowering Efficacy of Plant Sterols in Low-Fat Yogurt Consumed as a Snack or with a Meal; Objective: Plant sterols (PS) consumed as a snack may not have the same cholesterol-lowering potential as when consumed with a meal due to poor solubilization. It was hypothesized that the consumption of a single dose. low-fat yogurt rich in PS (1.6 g/d) with a meal over an afternoon snack will lead to favourable changes in plasma lipids. plasma PS concentrations, and cholesterol synthesis without negatively affecting a-tocopherol or carotenoids levels. Methods: Twenty-six hyperlipidemic males and females completed the randomized trial of three phases (control, single PS dose consumed with a meal or single PS dose as an afternoon snack) while consuming controlled, low-fat diets. Plasma lipids. cholesterol synthesis rates, plasma PS and serum fat-soluble antioxidants were measured at baseline and after 4 weeks. Results: Endpoint total cholesterol (TC) levels after the PS snack phase were decreased (p = 0.04) (5.30 +/- 0.2 mmol/L) compared to the control phase (5.53 +/- 0.2 mmol/L). However, endpoints for TC (5.37 +/- 0.2 mmol/L) for PS dose with a meal were comparable to control phase. Low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol tended to be different (p = 0.06) at the end of the intervention phases (3-51 +/- 0.1, 3.43 +/- 0.1. and 3.33 +/- 0.1 mmol/L; control, meal and snack, respectively). Cholesterol fractional synthesis rates were higher (p = 0.007) by 25.8% and 19.5% at the end of the snack and meal phases, respectively. compared with the control phase. Plasma campesterol and beta-sitosterol concentrations. adjusted for TC. were higher (p < 0.01) in the snack phase (2.30 +/- 0.3 and 0.54 +/- 0.1 mu mol/mmol, respectively) and in the meal phase (2.00 +/- 0.3 and 0.51 +/- 0.1 mu mol/mmol. respectively) when compared to the control phase (1.81 +/- 0.3 and 0.40 +/- 0.1 mu mol/mmol, respectively). No changes in alpha-tocopherol or carotenoids levels were detected after adjusting for TC, for all phases. Conclusion: These results indicate that a single dose of PS in low-fat yogurt, provided as a snack. lowers cholesterol levels but does not alter fat-soluble vitamin or carotenoid concentrations in hyperlipidemic participants.
Nutritionally induced adipose hypertrophy in young pigs is transient and independent of changes in the expression of the <i>obese</i> and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor genes; Previous studies have shown that piglets weaned to a liquid milk replacer (MR), rather than a typical dry diet (DD) regimen, have improved growth rates and deposit more energy as body fat. In the present study, we used this model to determine whether changes in the expression of genes linked to the regulation of adiposity were related to the accelerated fat accretion, We also determined whether the increase in body fat was sustained throughout a substantial proportion of the growth curve. At weaning (19 +/- 2 days of age), 96 piglets were placed in 12 replicate pens per diet (4 pigs per pen. 2 barrows and 2 gilts), and fed a liquid MR or conventional DD regimen for 5 weeks. Thereafter. 6 barrows and 6 gilts pigs from each diet were killed for determination of whole body chemical composition (less gastrointestinal contents). The remaining pigs were assigned randomly to weight target groups (60, 85, and 110 kg), placed in individual pens. and fed a conventional dietary regimen until killed at their respective weight targets for tissue sampling and determination of whole body chemical composition. Over the 5-week period in which the MR was fed, the growth rate of the pigs consuming the MR exceeded that of the pigs fed the DD by 36% (P <.05). Fat gain in these pigs was increased to 1.8 times that of the pigs fed the DD, and percentage body fat was 45% greater (P <.05). Acetyl Co-A carboxylase (ACC) activity (per mg of adipose extract protein) was not different between the two diet groups at the conclusion of the 5-week period, or at 110 kg body weight. During the MR period, actual protein gain was increased (P <.05) 22% in the pigs fed the MR as well. By 110 kg of body weight, body fat was reduced (P <.05) by 7.7% (total fat mass) and 8.3% (percentage of body weight basis) in the pigs fed MR v's. the DD group. The expression of the peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR) alpha and gamma was not influenced by diet or by body weight. Expression of the obese gene was independent of diet, but was greater (P <.09) in pigs at 110 kg body weight than at 60 kg. These data provide additional evidence that piglets weaned to liquid diets have greater rates of growth and deposit more body fat, but that this difference subsides quickly when a typical dry dietary regimen is imposed. Furthermore, the biochemical changes responsible for the increased adiposity are independent of changes in the expression of the obese or PPAR genes, at least at the mRNA level. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Intake of Milk with Added Micronutrients Increases the Effectiveness of an Energy-Restricted Diet to Reduce Body Weight: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial in Mexican Women; Background Micronutrient deficiencies have been associated with an increase in fat deposition and body weight; thus, adding them to low-fat milk may facilitate weight loss when accompanied by an energy-restricted diet. Objective The objective was to evaluate the effect of the intake of low-fat milk and low-fat milk with added micronutrients on anthropometrics, body composition, blood glucose levels, lipids profile, C-reactive protein, and blood pressure of women following an energy-restricted diet. Design A 16-week randomized, controlled intervention study. Participants/settings One hundred thirty-nine obese women (aged 34 +/- 6 years) from five rural communities in Queretaro, Mexico. Intervention Women followed an energy-restricted diet (-500 kcal) and received in addition one of the following treatments: 250 mL of low-fat milk (LFM) three times/day, 250 mL of low-fat milk with micronutrients (LFM+M) three times/day, or a no milk control group (CON). Weight, height, and hip and waist circumferences were measured at baseline and every 4 weeks. Body composition measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, blood pressure, and blood analysis were done at baseline and at the end of the 16 weeks. Main outcome measures Changes in weight and body composition.. Statistical analysis One-factor analysis of variance, adjusted by age, baseline values, and community random effects. Results After the 16-week intervention, participants in the LFM+M group lost significantly more weight (-5.1 kg; 95% CI: -6.2 to -4.1) compared with LFM (-3.6 kg; 95% CI: -4.7 to -2.6) and CON (-3.2 kg; 95% CI: -4.3 to - 2.2) group members (P=0.035). Body mass index change in the LFM+M group (-2.3; 95% CI: -2.7 to - 1.8) was significantly greater than LFM group members (-1.5; 95% CI: -2.0 to -1.1) and CON group members (-1.4; 95% CI: -1.9 to -0.9) (P=0.022). Change in percent body fat among LFM+M group members (-2.7%; 95% CI: -3.2 to -2.1) was significantly higher than LFM group members (-1.8%; 95% CI: -2.3 to -1.3) and CON group members (-1.6%; 95% CI: :-2.2 to -1.0) (P=0.019). Change in bone mineral content was significantly higher in LFM group members (29 mg; 95% CI: 15 to 44) and LFM+M group members (27 mg; 95% CI: 13 to 41) compared with CON group members (-2 mg; 95% CI: -17 to - 14) (P=0.007). No differences were found between groups in glucose level, blood lipid profile, C-reactive protein level, or blood pressure. Conclusions Intake of LFM+M increases the effectiveness of an energy-restricted diet to treat obesity, but had no effect on blood lipid levels, glucose levels, C-reactive protein, or blood pressure. J Am Diet Assoc. 2011;111:1507-1516.
Influence of consumption of probiotics on the plasma lipid profile: A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Aims: Human clinical studies have yielded mixed results on the effects of consumption of probiotics on the plasma lipid profile. We conducted a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effects of probiotics consumption on blood lipids. Data Synthesis: A systematic literature search of Embase, Web of Science, PubMed and Cochrane Controlled Trials Registry was conducted for studies that investigated the efficacy of probiotics on the plasma lipid profile of subjects. With the help of Review Manager 4.2, data from 13 trials, which included 485 participants with high, borderline high and normal cholesterol levels, were examined. The pooled mean net change in total cholesterol for those treated with probiotics compared to controls was -6.40 mg dl(-1) (95% confidence interval (CI), -9.93 to -2.87), mean net change in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was -4.90 mg dl(-1) (95% CI, -7.91 to -1.90), mean net change in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was -0.11 mg dl(-1) (95% CI, -1.90-1.69) and mean net change in triglycerides was -3.95 mg dl(-1) (95% CI, -10.32-2.42). Conclusion: These results indicate that a diet rich in probiotics decreases total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol concentration in plasma for participants with high, borderline high and normal cholesterol levels. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The influence of chromium chloride-containing milk to glycemic control of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect and safety of chromium-containing milk powder in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted in Taiwan. A total of 60 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, aged 30 to 75 years, and on a dose of gliclazide sulfonylurea agent (<= 160 mg/d) for at least 3 months were enrolled. Their glycosylated hemoglobin ranged from 7.5% to 12%, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from 140 to 250 mg/dL, and body mass index from 20 to 35 kg/m(2). The subjects were divided into 2 groups, one group to receive chromium-containing milk powder (chromium 200 mu g/20 g milk powder) and the other to receive placebo twice a day for 16 weeks. Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was performed before and after treatment. The chromium group demonstrated a lower FPG and fasting insulin (-38.1 +/- 9.2 vs 63 +/- 8.5 mg/dL and -1.7 +/- 0.2 vs 1.9 +/- 0.3 mu U/mL, respectively; P <.05), especially in male patients (-41 +/- 9.2 vs 85 +/- 11.7 mg/dL and -2.7 +/- 0.2 vs 3.1 +/- 0.3 mu U/mL, respectively; P <.01), at the end of the study. Lower glycosylated hemoglobin was observed in chromium-treated male patients (-1.1 +/- 0. 5 vs 0.7 +/- 0.2; P <.05). However, there were no significant changes in other metabolic parameters (lipid profiles including total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol), except improvement of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity index from frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test) observed in male patients (-2.1 +/- 1.1 vs -0.41 +/- 1.12 and 0.18 +/- 0.11 vs -0.15 +/- 0.2, respectively; P <.05). There were no adverse events in both groups, except for mild complaints in the chromium group on constipation (5%) and flatulence (5%). Intake of milk powder containing 400 mu g/d of chromium for 16 weeks in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus resulted in lowering of FPG, fasting insulin, and improvement of metabolic control in male patients. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Changes in Blood Pressure and Lipid Levels in Young Women Consuming a Vitamin D-Fortified Skimmed Milk: A Randomised Controlled Trial; Vitamin D exerts a variety of extra-skeletal functions. Aim: to know the effects of the consumption of a vitamin D-fortified skimmed milk on glucose, lipid profile, and blood pressure in young women. Methods: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind parallel-group trial of 16 weeks duration was conducted in young women with low iron stores who consumed a skimmed milk fortified with iron and 200 IU/day (5 g) of vitamin D (D-fortified group, n = 55), or a placebo without vitamin D (D-placebo group, n = 54). A reference group (n = 56) of iron-sufficient women was also recruited. Results: baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D was inversely correlated with total-cholesterol (r = -0.176, p = 0.023) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-chol) (r = -0.176, p = 0.024). During the assay, LDL-cholesterol increased in the D-placebo group (p = 0.005) while it tended to decrease in the D-fortified group (p = 0.07). Neither group displayed changes in total-cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-chol), triglycerides or glucose levels. Systolic (p = 0.017) and diastolic (p = 0.010) blood pressure decreased during the assay in the D-fortified group without significant differences compared to the D-placebo. Conclusion: consumption of a dairy product fortified with vitamin D reduces systolic and diastolic blood pressure but does not change lipid levels in young women.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> supplementation on disease activity and inflammatory cytokines in rheumatoid arthritis patients: a randomized double-blind clinical trial; Aim: The present study aimed at investigating the effects of Lactobacillus casei 01 supplementation on symptoms and inflammatory biomarkers of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in women. Method: In this randomized double-blind clinical trial, female patients with established RA for more than 1 year, 20-80 years of age and body mass index (BMI) lower than 40, who followed stable medication for 3 months prior to the supplementation, were randomly allocated to receive either one capsule containing 10(8) colony forming units (CFU) of L. casei 01, or a placebo for 8 weeks; allocation was stratified by BMI and menopausal status. Disease activity score-28 (DAS28) was calculated, European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) response was evaluated and the cytokines, interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha were measured. Results: Thirty patients were recruited in each group; 22 and 24 patients were analyzed in the probiotic and placebo groups, respectively. L. casei 01 supplementation decreased serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels, tender and swollen joint counts, global health (GH) score and DAS28 (P < 0.05). More patients in the L. casei 01 group had moderate response to the treatment, based on the EULAR criteria, at the end of the study (P < 0.01). At the end of the study, a significant difference was observed between the two groups for IL-10, IL-12 and TNF-alpha changes through the study course (P < 0.05), in favor of the probiotic group. No adverse effects were reported for the intervention. Conclusion: Probiotic supplementation may be an appropriate adjunct therapy for RA patients and help alleviate symptoms and improve inflammatory cytokines.
Scientific Opinion on the substantiation of a health claim related to 3 g/day plant stanols as plant stanol esters and lowering blood LDL-cholesterol and reduced risk of (coronary) heart disease pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006; Following an application from Raisio Nutrition Ltd, submitted pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 via the Competent Authority of Finland, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver an opinion on the scientific substantiation of a health claim related to 3 g/day plant stanols as plant stanol esters per day and lowering blood LDL-cholesterol by 12 % and reduced risk of (coronary) heart disease. The applicant has further requested that the minimum duration to obtain the effect be stated to be one to two weeks, and that the claims be authorised for an extended range of foods, including yellow fat spreads, dairy products, cheese, rye bread, oatmeal, fermented soy milk based products (drinkable and spoonable yoghurt-type products), and oat based milk drinks. The applicant provided an unpublished meta-analysis with 18 randomised, controlled human studies on the LDL-lowering efficacy of plant stanol esters at intakes between 2.7 to 3.3 g per day plant stanols. On the basis of the data presented, the Panel concludes that plant stanol esters at a daily intake of 3 g plant stanols (range 2.7 g to 3.3 g) in matrices approved by Regulation (EC) No 376/2010 (yellow fat spreads, dairy products, mayonnaise and salad dressings) lowers LDLcholesterol by 11.4 % (95% CI: 9.8 - 13.0), that the minimum duration required to achieve the maximum effect of plant stanol esters on LDL-cholesterol lowering is two to three weeks, and that while plant stanol esters added to foods such as margarine-type spreads, mayonnaise, salad dressings, and dairy products such as milk, yoghurts including low-fat yoghurts, and cheese have been shown consistently to lower blood LDL-cholesterol levels, the size of the cholesterol-lowering effect of plant stanols added to other food formats is less well established.
Lecithin has no effect on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen and macro molecular protein complex levels in hyperlipidaemic men in a double-blind controlled study; Objective: To examine the effects of lecithin on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen and macro molecular protein complex (MPC) levels. Subjects and study design: Twenty free living hyperlipidaemic men participated in this double-blind study which controlled for possible indirect effects. The subjects were randomly assigned to one of three treatments. frozen yoghurt or frozen yoghurt with 20g soya bean lecithin or frozen yoghurt with 17g sunflower oil. Sunflower oil was used to control for the increased energy and linoleic acid intake from lecithin. Yoghurt served as the 'vehicle' for the lecithin and sunflower oil and yoghurt alone was given to one group to control for possible effects due to the yoghurt 'vehicle', as well as other environmental influences. Variables were measured with standard methods twice at baseline and after 2 and 4 weeks of treatment. Results: Plasma linoleic acid levels increased significantly with lecithin and sunflower oil treatments indicating that compliance to the treatments were obtained. Lecithin treatment did not have significant effects on serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B or lipoprotein (a) levels. Plasma fibrinogen and MPC levels were also not affected by lecithin therapy. Sunflower oil treatment resulted in significant increased body weight, serum TC and decreased MPC levels. Conclusion: Lecithin treatment had no independent effects on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen or MPC levels in hyperlipidaemic men.
Consumption of oat milk for 5 weeks lowers serum cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in free-living men with moderate hypercholesterolemia; The aim of this study was to investigate whether consumption of a newly developed oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber would result in lower serum cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels in men with moderate hypercholesterol em ia. The study had a randomized, controlled double-blind design, and oat milk was compared with an identically flavored control drink. Sixty-six men were recruited from a screening program and were randomly assigned to two groups. Each group took either oat milk or a control drink (rice milk) for 5 weeks (0.75 liters/day) and then switched to the other drink regimen for another 5-week period with a 5-week washout period between the test periods. The oat milk contained more dietary fiber, especially P-glucan (0.5 g/100 g), than the control drink (<0.02 g/100 g). Both drinks were well appreciated and got similar sensory evaluation, indicating that the double-blind design had been attained. in the final analysis 52 subjects remained. Compared with the control drink, intake of oat milk resulted in significantly lower serum total cholesterol (6%, p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (6%, p = 0.036) levels. The decrease in LDL cholesterol was more pronounced if the starting value was higher (r = -0.55, p < 0.001). The concentration of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was not significantly different after consumption of the two drinks. Serum triglycerides did not change significantly after intake of oat milk, but a significant increase was observed after intake of the control drink (p = 0.003). It is concluded that also oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber has cholesterol-reducing properties. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Evaluation of kefir as a potential probiotic on growth performance, serum biochemistry and immune responses in broiler chicks; This experiment was conducted to evaluate the effect of milk or molasses kefir as a probiotic on growth performance, carcass traits, serum biochemistry and humoral immune responses in broiler chickens. A total of 192 one-d-old as hatched broiler chicks (Ross 308) were randomly allotted to 4 treatments, each with 4 replicate pens of 12 chicks. The following treatments were applied: 1) a basal diet (C) and normal drinking water, 2) 2% milk kefir in drinking water, 3) 2% molasses kefir in drinking water, and 4) the diet C supplemented with commercial probiotic. At d 42, eight birds per treatment were killed for determination of carcass traits. Broilers at 28 days of age were bled for measuring antibody titers against Newcastle disease virus (NDV) and avian influenza virus (AIV), at 30 days of age for antibody titers against sheep red blood cell (SRBC), and at 42 days of age for biochemical analysis. Supplementing 2% milk kefir increased body weight of broilers at 28 and 42 days of age (P < 0.05). Supplementing 2% molasses kefir improved feed conversation ratio (FCR) of broilers during growth period (P < 0.05), but FCR of broilers in other periods was not affected. Daily feed intake, internal organ weights, and carcass traits were not influenced by the treatments except for small intestine and ceca length. Small intestinal length significantly decreased in broilers supplemented with milk and molasses kefir (P < 0.05). Molasses kefir supplementation significantly (P < 0.05) increased antibody titer against SRBC at 31 days of age but other immune related parameters were not statistically different among treatments. Biochemical parameters including serum protein, albumin, and triglyceride concentrations were not statistically (P > 0.05) influenced. Broilers supplemented with molasses kefir, had a significantly lower concentration of serum total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and elevated high density lipoprotein cholesterol at 42 days of age (P < 0.05). In conclusion, the results indicated that inclusion of 2% milk kefir in drinking water would improve growth performance of broiler chickens. (C) 2015, Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co., Ltd.
Effects of Egg Consumption on Blood Lipids: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; Background: It is widely agreed that egg consumption only modestly influences serum lipid concentrations. However, there is no meta-analysis summarizing existing randomized controlled trials. Objective: The purpose of this study was to conduct a meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials to explore the quantitative effect of egg consumption on serum lipid concentrations. Design: Online databases including MEDLINE, Proquest and Google Scholar were systematically searched. Studies that were published after 2000 and compared serum lipids concentrations in egg-consumers and non egg-consumers were included. The data were obtained from 28 studies. Weighted mean differences were calculated as the ultimate effect using random effects model. Results: Overall, egg consumption increased total cholesterol (TC) by 5.60 mg/dL (95% CI: 3.11, 8.09; P<0.0001), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) by 5.55 mg/dL (95% CI: 3.14, 7.69; P<0.0001)and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) by 2.13 mg/dL (95% CI: 1.10, 3.16; P<0.0001) compared with the control group. Heterogeneity found between studies was explained partly by study design and participant response to dietary cholesterol. No effect of increased egg consumption on LDL-C: HDL-C and TC: HDL-C ratios, and triglyceride (TG) concentrations were found. No association was observed between number of eggs consumed per day or study duration and any of the serum lipid markers. Conclusion: Consumption of egg increases total cholesterol, LDL-C and HDL-C, but not LDL-C: HDL-C, TC: HDL-C and TG compared with low egg control diets. To assess the risk of coronary events, future studies should focus on the postprandial effect of egg consumption and effects on coronary risk.
Weight reduction is feasible - preliminary results of a controlled, randomised intervention study in over-weight adults; In the present study the effect of different lifestyle interventions, aimed at reducing body weight and body fat mass, were tested in a clinically controlled randomised design. Three different groups of 30 randomly selected persons each were formed: Group 1, dietary intervention; group 11, dietary intervention + guided physical exercise; group III, health education (counselling about health claims, diet and exercise). The trial lasted 12 months. The dietary intervention consisted of a soy and milk protein supplement (Almased(R)); the dosage of supplement intake was individually defined in consideration of body weight. As primary efficacy parameter of the intervention, body composition (body fat, lean body mass) was measured by means of the BodPod(R) technology; the BodPod(R) technology measures body composition in analogy to hydrostatic weighing, using computerised pressure sensors to determine the amount of air displaced by the person's body. In addition, body weight, BMI, WHR, waist circumference, physical performance, parameters of the metabolic syndrome, lipid metabolism and inflammatory markers were documented to objectify the therapeutic benefit of the intervention. Here, we present the results after 6 months of intervention. In all groups the intervention led to a reduction in body fat mass and a favourable modification of pro-atherogenic and pro-inflammatory risk factors. Dietary intervention reduced body weight to a higher degree (mean weight loss -8.9 kg) than lifestyle education alone (mean weight loss -6.2 kg). Physical exercise added to the dietary intervention program (group 11) did not increase weight loss. The dietary intervention as a low-fat/high-protein diet, aimed at reducing body weight by 0.5 kg/wk, was not associated with an undesirable loss in muscle mass. In conclusion, the results of the present study indicate that significant weight loss by dietary intervention with a negative energy balance in the range of 700 kcal/d is feasible and does not impair body composition in terms of a reduction in muscle mass.
Effects of biotin and nicotinamide supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism and milk production of transition dairy cows; This study aimed to evaluate the effect of supplementing biotin (BIO), nicotinamide (NAM) and their interaction on feed intake, milk production, and energy metabolism of transition dairy cows. Forty multiparous Holsteins were assigned randomly within block to 1 of the following 4 treatments: control (no supplementation), 30 mg/d BIO, 45 g/d NAM (ruminally unprotected), and 30 mg/d BIO + 45 g/d NAM. Cows were fed the same basal diet and received the supplements in drenches daily from about d -14 to 35 relative to parturition. Feed intake, energy balance and calf birth weight were not affected by BIO supplementation whereas NAM supplementation tended to increase prepartum dry matter intake and decrease body weight loss. Tendencies of BIO x NAM x week interaction were observed on energy balance during prepartum and entire period. The interaction of BIO x NAM was found on milk lactose percentage and fat yield. Supplementation of BIO resulted in increased concentration of BIO in plasma and decreased triglyceride concentration. The BIO x week interaction effects were detected for triglyceride, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. Supplementation of NAM increased plasma NAM and glucose while decreased nonesterified fatty acid, beta-hydroxybutyric acid, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein concentrations. The BIO x NAM x week interaction effect was observed on nonesterified fatty acid concentration during entire period. Blood insulin and total cholesterol concentrations were not affected. Supplementing BIO and NAM in a combination did not show additional benefits above those observed for BIO or NAM supplementation alone for most of the variables. In conclusion, drenching ruminally unprotected NAM at a high dose (45 g/d) is effective to provide utilizable NAM and elicit beneficial effects on the energy metabolism of transition dairy cows.
Effects of increasing levels of orange peel extract on kit growth, feed utilization, and some blood metabolites in the doe rabbits under heat stress conditions; One of the most severe consequences of climate change on the rabbit production sector is heat stress. Dietary supplementation of phytochemicals could alleviate the negative impact of heat stress on rabbits. Thirty-six V-line rabbit does with average live body weight (LBW) of 2.672 +/- 0.031 kg were randomly allocated into three experimental groups as follows: the control group (OPE0) and the OPE2.5 and OPE5 groups were orally administered orange peel extract (OPE) at doses of 2.5 and 5 mL/doe. The increasing OPE levels significantly improved LBW at partum (p = 0.002) and weaning (p = 0.004), daily and total feed intake from pregnancy until weaning (p = 0.007), daily milk yield per doe at 7th and 14th days (p <= 0.05), and milk efficiency (p = 0.001). Litter size at 1(st)-28(th) days, litter weight gain, survival rate, and kit weight gain at 21(st)-28(th) days of heat-stressed doe rabbits were significantly improved with OPE treatments. The treatment of OPE5 significantly decreased serum glucose, triglycerides, and very-low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels of rabbits. The increasing OPE levels decreased significantly total lipid and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels and increased (p = 0.001) high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentration in heat-stressed rabbits. In conclusion, the treatment of OPE improved feed utilization, milk efficiency, and reproductive performance and alleviated the drastic impacts of heat stress on rabbits.
Effect of Probiotics on Lipid Profile, Glycemic Control, Insulin Action, Oxidative Stress, and Inflammatory Markers in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A Clinical Trial; Background: The dramatic increase in the incidence of diabetes and its associated complications require a natural and safe solution to control and delay such complications. The present study tested the hypothesis that probiotics may affect biochemical indices of diabetic patients Methods: Thirty four types 2 diabetic patients aged between 25 to 65 years, and diagnosed with diabetes for less than 15 years were selected for this single-blinded clinical trial. Using balanced block random sampling, the patients were divided into two groups of intervention (probiotics) and placebo. Blood samples tested for baseline glucose, insulin, TG, total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, malondialdehyde, high sensitive CRP (hs-CRP) and IL-6. After six weeks of experiment, fasting blood samples were re-tested and the data obtained were analyzed using SPSS software. Results: There were no significant differences between anthropometric data including body mass index and waist to hip ratio in placebo and treatment groups. There was no significant difference in FBS, Serum TG concentration total cholesterol and LDL-C levels between placebo and treatment groups. HDL-C levels were slightly elevated after probiotic treatment, which were not statistically significant. Insulin, MDA and IL-6 levels were reduced and high sensitive CRP hs. CRP levels were elevated, although, not statistically significant. Conclusion: The result of this study indicates a non-significant declining trend in the level of TG, MDA and IL-6 and insulin resistance after consumption of probiotics.
Body adiposity and bone parameters of male rats from mothers fed diet containing flaxseed flour during lactation; Obesity and osteoporosis may have their origins in early postnatal life. This study was designed to evaluate whether flaxseed flour use during lactation period bears effect on body adiposity and skeletal structure of male rat pups at weaning. At birth, male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to control and experimental (FF) groups, whose dams were treated with control or flaxseed flour diet, respectively, during lactation. At 21 days of age, pups were weaned to assess body mass, length and composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. The animals were then sacrificed to carry out analysis of serum profile, intra-abdominal adipocyte morphology and femur characteristics. Differences were considered significant when P < 0.05. The FF group displayed the following characteristics (P < 0.05): higher body mass, length, bone mineral content, bone area and concentrations of osteoprotegerin, osteocalcin and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; higher levels of stearic, a-linolenic, eicosapentaenoic and docosapentaenoic acids and lower levels of arachidonic acid and cholesterol; smaller adipocyte area; and higher mass, epiphysis distance, diaphysis width, maximal load, break load, resilience and stiffness of femur. Flaxseed flour intake during lactation period promoted adipocyte hypertrophy down-regulation and contributed to pup bone quality at weaning.
Clinical management of hypertensive disorders in postpartum women; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) could persist post-partum, or appear for the first time after delivery and could require a pharmacological treatment. It was found no evidence in literature about which therapy should be used in puer-peral hypertension. The aim of this review is to determine the most effective therapy and best in terms of risk-benefit ratio for the treatment of high postpartum systemic arterial blood pressure in women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or in those with de-novo diagnosis of hypertension in the puerperium. Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (CDSR), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CCRCT), Embase, Medline, and PubMed were searched. The main inclusion criterion was articles regarding postnatal women with hypertension, therapeutic treatment for the manage-ment of hypertension compared with placebo or no therapy, with the exclusion of preeclampsia/eclampsia. Twenty-three studies were included. This review highlights significant evidence gaps, demonstrating that further comparative research is required, particularly to clarify postpartum antihypertensive selection. In conclusion, there is insufficient evidence to recommend a particular therapy or model of care, but calcium channel blockers, beta-blockers, alpha-blockers and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) appeared variably effective.
Beneficial effects of plant sterols/stanols-containing milk powder on lipid metabolism in hamsters; The effect of plant sterols/stanols-containing milk powder (phytosterol milk powder, PSMP, containing 2.78% phytosterols mixture) on lipid metabolism in hamsters was investigated. One hundred male 7-week-old Golden Syrian hamsters were given free access to regular rodent chow and water for 1 week to acclimatize. Four extremely (10%) over- and underweight hamsters were eliminated. Sixteen hamsters were killed and examined for plasma and liver lipid compositions to establish the baseline. The remaining hamster were randomly divided into 5 groups, each group of hamsters had statistically similar average body weight, but fed with different experimental diets for 4 weeks. All 5 groups of hamsters were fed with high fat, high cholesterol diet containing different ingredients. Regular rodent chow diet was supplemented with 0.5% (w/w) cholesterol and corn/coconut oil mixture (corn oil/coconut oil = 1:1) to raise the final fat content to 15% (w/w) (Group 1 - control group). Group 2 was the positive control (PC) group, which was fed with diet containing 0.72% (w/w) phytosterols (consisted of 75% P-sitosterol and 10% campesterol). Groups 3-5 were the experimental groups, of which 12.95, 25.90 or 64.75% (w/w) PSMP (1x, 2x and 5x PSMP groups) was added to the diet and the phytosterol mixture contents in these diets were 0.36, 0.72 and 1.8% (w/w), respectively. At the end of 4-week feeding period, hamsters were killed and the plasma and hepatic lipid compositions together with the fecal neutral sterol content were determined. No adverse effects of PSMP on growth and health condition in hamsters were found in this experiment. At the highest feeding dose of PSMP (64.75%, w/w), hamsters had the highest body weight gain and the lowest plasma and liver lipid contents. PSMP showed significant effects on lowering the concentrations of plasma total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol. It could also lower the atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C), hepatic lipid levels and relative liver weight while raising the fecal cholesterol and phytosterols excretion in the hyperlipidemic hamsters.
Ultra heat treatment destroys cholesterol-lowering effect of soy protein; A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical study was performed to investigate the dose-dependent response of serum cholesterol after consuming an ultra-heat-treated milk containing a soy protein preparation. Eighty hypercholesterolemic subjects were assigned to one of four study groups receiving 12.5 or 25 g soy protein (active treatment) or casein (placebo) daily over a period of 4 weeks. The trial substances were provided as ready-made, ultra-heated milk preparations. Before and after the treatment, serum concentrations of total, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were determined. Unexpectedly, at the end of the study, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were significantly increased compared with baseline in all study groups. The magnitude of this increase (17 - 19%) was similar in all active and placebo study groups. Soy protein supplements previously shown to be effective in reducing serum cholesterol had in this study no such lipid-lowering effect after ultra heat treatment.
The beneficial effects of the composite probiotics from camel milk on glucose and lipid metabolism, liver and renal function and gut microbiota in <i>db/db</i> mice; Background Probiotics may have beneficial effects on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We separated 4 lactobacillus and 1 saccharomycetes from traditional fermented cheese whey (TFCW) and prepared composite probiotics from camel milk (CPCM) and investigated their effects on glucose and lipid metabolism, liver and renal function and gut microbiota in db/db mice. Methods CPCM was prepared in the laboratory and 40 db/db mice were randomly divided into 4 groups as metformin, low-dose and high-dose group and model group, and treated for 6 weeks. In addition, 10 C57BL/Ks mice as normal control group were used for comparison. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), body weight (BW), oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), glycated hemoglobin (HbAlc), C-peptide (CP), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), 24 h urinary microalbumin (24 h malb), urine ketone, urine sugar, pancreas and liver tissue and intestinal flora were tested. Results Compared to diabetic group, high dose CPCM significantly decreased FBG, OGTT, HbAlc and IRI, plasma TC, TG, LDL-C, 24 h malb, urine ketone and urine sugar, increased CP, HDL-C levels, improved the liver and kidney function, protected the function of islets, also increased intestinal tract lactic acid bacteria and Bifidobacterium, decreased Escherichia in db/db mice. Conclusion CPCM decreased FBG, OGTT and HbAlc, increased CP, modulated lipid metabolism and improved liver and kidney protected injury in db/db mice, which may be related to various probiotics acting through protecting the function of islets and regulating intestinal flora disturbance.
The Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Markers of Blood Lipids, and Blood Pressure in Patients with Prediabetes: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Prediabetes is a high-risk condition for type 2 diabetes mellitus. The growing prevalence of diabetes emphasizes on the necessity of concentrating on various strategies to prediabetes prevention and management. Probiotics as a group of functional foods might exert antidiabetic effects. This study aimed to assess the effects of probiotic administration on blood lipid profile and blood pressure in patients with prediabetes. Methods: This randomized controlled trial consisted of 60 prediabetic patients, aged 25-65 years old, that were randomly assigned to the intervention (receiving 500 mg probiotic capsules, n = 30) or control group (receiving placebo, n = 30) for 8-week period. Demographic and anthropometric data were collected at baseline. Blood samples were collected at baseline and after 8 weeks for biochemical measurements. Blood pressure was measured at the baseline an after 8 weeks of intervention. Data regarding dietary intakes and physical activity were also collected during the study. We used SPSS software version 16 (SPSS Inc. Chicago, USA) for data analyzing. Results: Probiotic supplementation did not contribute to significant changes in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) - cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) - cholesterol, Triglycerides (TG), TG/LDL and LDL/HDL ratios, after 8 weeks. After adjusting for potential confounders, HDL- cholesterol reduced significantly in the placebo group compared with probiotic group. Percent change in systolic blood pressure was significantly different in the probiotic group in comparison with a placebo group (-3.10 +/- 2.22 vs. 3.24 +/- 1.96, P = 0.01), although this significance did not exist anymore after adjusting for confounders (P > 0.05). Conclusions: Our study showed that probiotics did not have significant effects on lipid markers although they had positive effects on systolic blood pressure.
CLINICAL, BIOCHEMICAL AND ULTRASONOGRAPHIC INVESTIGATION IN CHRONIC CYSTITIS IN DROMEDARY CAMELS; This study pointed to explore clinical, biochemical, bacteriological and ultrasonographic changes in camels with chronic cystitis (n=15) and control animals (n=15). Blood and urine samples from these camels were submitted to laboratory investigations. The camels with chronic cystitis showed pollakiuria, dysuria, stranguria, haematuria, and inappropriate urination. The urine analysis revealed haematuria and pyuria. The isolated bacteria were E. coli (n=15), Corynebacteriunz renale (n=13) and mixed bacterial culture (n=2). The laboratory analysis of blood samples revealed leukocytosis and neutrophilia in diseased camels when compared with healthy ones. There was significant increase in the levels of globulin and fibrinogen with significant decrease in the albumin levels in diseased camels when compared to healthy ones. There was non-significant changes in triglyceride, cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) activities, blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatinine levels in diseased camels when compared with healthy ones. The trans-rectal ultrasonographic examination in camels with chronic cystitis showed a narrow bladder lumen with severely thickened and corrugated bladder wall. Treatment trials failed in all cases under investigation.
Determining the mechanisms of dietary turnip rapeseed oil on cholesterol metabolism in men with metabolic syndrome; We have earlier reported the reduction of total cholesterol low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and oxidized LDL caused by short-term modification of diet with cold-pressed turnip rapeseed oil (CPTRO) instead of butter. The aim of this supplementary study was to determine whether the beneficial effects resulted from altered cholesterol metabolism during the intervention. Thirty-seven men with metabolic syndrome (MetS) completed an open, randomized and balanced crossover study. Subjects' usual diet was supplemented with either 37.5 g of butter or 35 mL of CPTRO for 6-8 weeks. Otherwise normal dietary habits and physical activity were maintained without major variations. Serum non-cholesterol sterols were assayed with gas-liquid chromatography and used as surrogate markers of whole-body cholesterol synthesis and absorption efficiency. Serum proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) concentration was analyzed with Quantikine ELISA Immunoassay. Serum cholesterol synthesis markers and serum cholestanol (absorption marker), all as ratios to cholesterol, did not differ between the periods. Serum campesterol and sitosterol ratios to cholesterol were significantly increased after the administration of CPTRO resulting from the increased intake of 217 mg/day of plant sterols in CPTRO. Serum PCSK9 concentration did not differ between CPTRO and butter periods. The reduction in serum cholesterol by 7.2% after consumption of rapeseed oil could not be explained by changes in cholesterol absorption, synthesis or PCSK9 metabolism in MetS.
Characteristics of the diet patterns tested in the Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart): Options for a heart-healthy diet; Objective To describe the nutrient and food composition of the diets tested in the Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart). Design Two center, randomized, three-period crossover, controlled feeding trial that tested the effects of three healthful diet patterns on blood pressure, serum lipid levels, and estimated cardiovascular risk. Subjects/setting One hundred sixty-four participants with prehypertension and hypertension. During the 19 weeks of feeding, participants were required to consume only food prepared as part of the trial. Intervention The OmniHeart trial studied three diet patterns that differed in macronutrient composition: a carbohydrate-rich diet similar to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet (58% carbohydrate, 15% protein, and 27% fat), a higher protein diet that had 10% more protein and 10% less carbohydrate (48% carbohydrate, 25% protein, and 27% fat), and a higher unsaturated fat diet that had 10% more unsaturated fat and 10% less carbohydrate (48% carbohydrate, 15% protein, and 37% fat). Each diet contained 6% saturated fat and 100 to 200 mg cholesterol. Sodium was 2,300 mg at the 2,100 kcal energy level and was indexed across energy levels. Calcium, magnesium, and potassium were consistent with recommendations for the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet and also indexed to energy levels. Each diet pattern met the major nutrient recommendations set by the Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2005. The 10% protein increase in the higher protein diet emphasized plant protein; however, meat and dairy food sources were also increased somewhat. Olive oil, canola oil, and olive oil spread were used liberally to achieve the unsaturated fat content of the higher unsaturated fat diet. The 10% reduction in carbohydrate in the higher protein diet and the higher unsaturated fat diet was achieved by replacing some fruits with vegetables, reducing sweets, and using smaller portions of grain products. All three diets reduced blood pressure, total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and estimated coronary heart disease risk. Conclusions The OmniHeart diet patterns offer substantial flexibility in macronutrient intake that should make it easier to eat a heart-healthy diet and reduce cardiovascular disease risk.
Cereal-Based Snack Bar with Added Plant Stanol Ester (Benecol®) Consumed between Meals Lowers Serum Total and LDL Cholesterol Effectively in Mildly to Moderately Hypercholesterolemic Subjects; The cholesterol-lowering effect of foods with added plant sterols or stanols consumed as snacks might be compromised. The purpose of this study was to confirm the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a specially formulated cereal-based snack bar with added plant stanol ester (1.6 g plant stanols/day) when consumed between meals twice a day. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, 4-week parallel-design study, 71 mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects were randomized into one of two groups, stanol or placebo group. Subjects were advised to replace their ordinary snacks with test products in an isocaloric manner and otherwise keep their habitual diet unchanged. The study showed that a snack bar product with added plant stanol ester lowered LDL and non-HDL cholesterol by 8.6% and 9.2% (mean%-change), respectively, as compared to the placebo product. The change in LDL cholesterol was statistically significantly different (P = 0.001) between the groups while the change in HDL cholesterol or triglycerides did not differ between the groups. In conclusion, the cereal-based snack bar with added plant stanol ester ingested without a meal reduced LDL cholesterol significantly without affecting HDL cholesterol or triglyceride concentrations in mildly hypercholesterolemic men and women.
The Influence of a Physician and Patient Intervention Program on Dietary Intake; Background Efficient dietary interventions for patients with hypertension in clinical settings are needed. Objective To assess the separate and combined influence of a physician intervention (MD-I) and a patient intervention (PT-I) on dietary intakes of patients with hypertension. Design A nested 2x2 design, randomized controlled trial conducted over 18 months. Participants A total of 32 physicians and 574 outpatients with hypertension. Intervention MD-I included training modules addressing the Seventh Report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure hypertension management guidelines and lifestyle modification. PT-I included lifestyle coaching to adopt the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating pattern, reduce sodium intake, manage weight, increase exercise, and moderate alcohol intake. Main outcome measures Dietary intakes were measured by the Block Food Frequency Questionnaire. Concordance with the DASH dietary pattern was estimated by a DASH score. Statistical analyses The main effects of MD-I and PT-I, and their interaction, were evaluated using analysis of covariance. Results After 6 months of intervention, MD-I participants significantly increased intakes of potassium, fruits, juices, and carbohydrate; decreased intake of fat; and improved overall dietary quality as measured by the Healthy Eating Index. PT-I intervention resulted in increased intakes of carbohydrate, protein, fiber, calcium, potassium, fruits and fruit juices, vegetables, dairy and Healthy Eating Index sore, and decreased intakes in fat, saturated fat, cholesterol, sodium, sweets, and added fats/oils/sweets. In addition, PT-I improved overall DASH concordance score. The change in DASH score was significantly associated with the changes in blood pressure and weight at 6 months. At 18 months, most changes reversed back toward baseline levels, including the DASH score. Conclusions Both MD-I and PT-I improved eating patterns at 6 months with some sustained effects at 18 months. Even though all dietary changes observed were consistent with the DASH nutrient targets or food group guidelines, only the PT-I intervention was effective in improving the overall DASH concordance score. This finding affirms the role of medical nutrition therapy in long-term intensive interventions for hypertension risk reduction and weight management and underlines the need for development of maintenance strategies. Furthermore, this study emphasizes the importance of collaborations among physicians, registered dietitians and other dietetics practitioners, and lay health advisors while assisting patients to make healthy behavior changes.
EFFECTS OF LOW-FAT MILK AND FERMENTED LOW-FAT MILK ON CHOLESTEROL ABSORPTION AND EXCRETION IN ILEOSTOMY SUBJECTS; Objective: To study small bowel cholesterol absorption and sterol excretion in order to explain possible serum cholesterol-lowering mechanisms of low-fat milk products. Design: Two 24-h sterol balance studies with 1 litre of low-fat milk or one litre of fermented milk, in random order, added to a controlled diet. [H-3]Cholesterol absorption was measured during each period. The results were compared to those on two 24-h periods with isocaloric amounts of lemonade given to the same basic diet, before and after the study. One litre of the two milk products was also consumed in addition to their normal diets in a cross-over design of 3 weeks and with run-in and run-out periods of 2 weeks each with 1000 ml of lemonade preceding the balance studies. Setting: Outpatient clinic, where the subjects were eating their meals during the day and ileostomy bags collected. Subjects: Nine ileostomy subjects, who have earlier participated in similar studies, volunteered for the study. All subjects completed the study. Results: Cholesterol absorption was highest (66%) in the lemonade period, intermediate in the low-fat milk period (61%) and lowest in the fermented low-fat period (55%) (P < 0.05 for differences). Net cholesterol excretion (excretion minus intake) and calculated endogenous cholesterol excretion were significantly (P < 0.05 for differences) higher in the low-fat milk period than in the lemonade period and the fermented low-fat milk period. No significant change in serum cholesterol was, however, seen after 3 weeks on each milk regimen. Conclusion: Assimilation of cholesterol by microorganisms could possibly explain the reduced uptake of cholesterol with fermented milk. The mechanism behind the increased endogenous cholesterol excretion, induced by low-fat milk, is unclear. Sponsorship: Swedish Council for Forestry and Agricultural Research and the Norrland Dairy Industries.
Replacing dairy fat with rapeseed oil causes rapid improvement of hyperlipidaemia: a randomized controlled study; Background. Rapeseed oil (RO), also known as canola oil, principally contains the unsaturated fatty acids 18:1n-9, 18:2n-6 and 18:3n-3 and may promote cardiometabolic health. Objective. To investigate the effects on lipoprotein profile, factors of coagulation and insulin sensitivity of replacing a diet rich in saturated fat from dairy foods (DF diet) with a diet including RO-based fat (RO diet). Design. During a 2 x 3-week randomized, controlled, cross-over trial, 20 free-living hyperlipidaemic subjects were provided with isocaloric test diets that differed in fat composition alone. Blood lipoprotein profile, coagulation and fibrinolytic factors and insulin sensitivity (euglycaemic clamp) were determined before and after the dietary intervention. Results. All subjects completed the study, and compliance was high according to changes in serum fatty acids. The RO diet, but not the DF diet, reduced the levels of serum cholesterol (-17%), triglycerides (-20%) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-17%), cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio (-21%), apolipoprotein (apo) B/apo A-I ratio (-4%) and factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) (-5%) from baseline. These changes were significantly different between the diets (P = 0.05 to P < 0.0001), except for FVIIc (P = 0.1). The RO diet, but not the DF diet, modestly increased serum lipoprotein( a) (+6%) and tended to increase the glucose disappearance rate (K-value, +33%). HDL cholesterol, insulin sensitivity, fibrinogen and tissue plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels did not change from baseline or differ between the two diets. Conclusions. In a diet moderately high in total fat, replacing dairy fat with RO causes a rapid and clinically relevant improvement in serum lipoprotein profile including lowering of triglycerides in hyperlipidaemic individuals.
Effects of a phytosterol-enriched dairy product on lipids, sterols and 8-isoprostane in hypercholesterolemic patients: A multicenter Italian study; Background and aims: Plant sterols, added to several food sources, lower serum cholesterol concentrations. Plant sterol-induced cholesterol Lowering is paralleled by a mild decrease in plasma Levels of the antioxidant beta-carotene, the amount of this decrease being considered clinically non-significant. Whether the effect on lipid profile of daily consumption of plant sterol-enriched tow-fat fermented milk (FM) is paralleled by a concomitant variation in a reliable marker of the oxidative burden like plasma isoprostane levels is unresolved. Methods and results: The effect of plant sterol consumption on plasma lipid and isoprostane levels of hypercholesterolemic patients was evaluated in a multicenter, randomized double blind study. Hypercholesterolemic patients consumed a FM daily for 6 weeks. Subjects were randomized to receive either 1.6 g of plant sterol-enriched FM (n = 60) or control FM product (n = 56). After 6 weeks of plant sterol-enriched FM consumption, LDL cholesterol was reduced from 166.2 +/- 2.0 to 147.4 +/- 2.8 mg/dL (p = 0.01). A significant reduction was observed for total cholesterol (from 263.5 +/- 2.6 to 231.0 +/- 3.2 mg/dL, p = 0.01). There was greater LDL cholesterol towering among hypercholesterolemic patients with higher LDL cholesterol at baseline. We found a reduction of plasma 8-isoprostane in patients taking plant sterol-enriched FM (from 43.07 +/- 1.78 to 38.04 +/- 1.14 pg/ml, p = 0.018) but not in patients taking the control product (from 42.56 +/- 2.12 to 43.19 +/- 2.0 pg/ml, p = NS). Campesterol and beta-sitosterol levels were not influenced by phytosterol consumption. Conclusions: Daily consumption of tow-fat plant sterol dairy product favourably changes lipid profile by reducing LDL-cholesterol, and may also have an anti-oxidative effect through a reduction of plasma isoprostanes. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Probiotic consumption does not enhance the cholesterol-lowering effect of soy in postmenopausal women; Numerous studies report that soy lowers cholesterol. Probiotic bacteria were also reported to lower total cholesterol (TC) and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C). We hypothesized that by altering intestinal microflora, probiotic consumption may also change phytoestrogen metabolism and enhance the effects of soy. To evaluate the independent and interactive effects of probiotic bacteria and soy on plasma TC, LDL-C, HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TG), 37 women with a baseline TC of 5.24 mmol/L were given the following 4 treatments for 6 wk each in a randomized crossover design: soy protein isolate (26 +/- 5 g soy protein containing 44 +/- 8 mg isoflavones/d); soy protein isolate + probiotic capsules (10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS-1 and Bifidobacterium longum); milk protein isolate (26 +/- 5 g milk protein/d); and milk protein isolate + probiotic. Soy consumption decreased plasma TC by 2.2% (P = 0.02) and LDL-C by 3.5% (P = 0.005), increased HDL-C by 4.2% (P = 0.006) and tended to decrease TG (P = 0.07) compared with milk protein intake. When divided according to initial TC concentration, soy effects were observed only in hypercholesterolemic women (TC > 5.17 mmol/L). In this subgroup, soy treatments decreased plasma TC by 3.3% (P = 0.01), LDL-C by 4.5% (P = 0.004), and TG by 10.6% (P = 0.02), and increased HDL-C by 4.2% (P = 0.02). When subjects were divided on the basis of plasma and urine concentrations of the isoflavone metabolite, equol, equol producers and nonproducers did not differ in baseline lipids or in the effects of soy. Probiotics did not lower cholesterol or enhance the effects of soy. These results confirm a beneficial effect of soy on plasma cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women independent of equol production status, but do not support an independent or additive effect of these particular probiotic bacteria.
Consumption of Whey in Combination with Dairy Medium-Chain Fatty Acids (MCFAs) may Reduce Lipid Storage due to Urinary Loss of Tricarboxylic Acid Cycle Intermediates and Increased Rates of MCFAs Oxidation; Scope: The aim of the paper is to investigate whether changes in the metabolome could explain observed changes in body composition in overweight adults after consumption of butter with high level of medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) in combination with casein or whey. Methods and results: With GC-TOF and LC-Q/MS, metabolites in plasma and urine from a 12-week randomized double-blinded human intervention including 52-abdominally overweight adults were analyzed. The participants consumed 63 g per day of milk fat (high or low in MCFAs) and 60 g per day of protein (whey or casein). Urinary loss of the tricarboxylic acid cycle metabolites and a concomitantly increase of glycerol in blood were observed in the whey + high-MCFAs group, indicating potential lower anabolic processes, such as lipogenesis, by draining substrates. High intake of MCFAs resulted in elevated level of urinary adipic (independently of protein type) and plasma sebacic acid (with whey), indicating a potential increase in oxidation of MCFAs, which might lead to energy loss. Conclusion: The type of protein showed highest effect on the overall metabolic profiles, but omega-oxidation of MCFAs in the liver seemed to be the main reason for the observed reduction in body fat mass after consumption of high MCFAs, independent of type of protein.
The Effect of Adding Job's Tears to Yogurt on Plasma Glycated Albumin, Weight, and Lipid Profile in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background. A potential effect of Job's tears on metabolic diseases has been recognized. However, studies on the effect of Job's tears on lipid profile and glycated albumin (GA) are still rare. This study aimed to examine the influence of Job's tears in conjunction with probiotics on the lipid profile and GA concentration of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods. This double-blind 12-week study involved 60 patients with type 2 diabetes assigned randomly into two groups. The first group consumed yogurt alone (containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium Bb12), while the second had yogurt with Job's tears once daily (200 ml each). Lipids and GA concentrations were measured using an enzymatic colorimetric assay. Paired and unpaired Students t-test, Wilcoxon signed-rank, and Mann-Whitney test were applied. Statistical significance was set at p < 0.05. Results. The characteristics of the groups were comparable except for baseline plasma GA (p=0.012). Subjects who used Metformin were distributed equally between the groups (p=0.118). Caloric intake between the groups also did not differ (p=0.856). There was also no change in weight, BMI, or plasma GA. Yogurt and the mixture of Job's tears and yogurt reduced cholesterol and LDL and increased HDL (all p < 0.05) within the groups. However, HDL levels in patients who had Job's tears were significantly elevated than yogurt alone (0.9 vs. 25 mg/dL, p=0.029). Conclusion. The combination of Job's tears and yogurt improved HDL more than yogurt alone.
The 2008 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To Update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence was preferentially reviewed from randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long-term morbidity and mortality data in this field. Progression of kidney dysfunction was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary Outcome among patients with chronic kidney disease. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2006 to August 2007 to update the 2007 recommendations. To identify additional published studies, reference lists were reviewed and experts were contacted. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by content and methodological experts Using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: For lifestyle modifications to prevent and treat hypertension, restrict dietary sodium intake to less than 100 mmol/day (and 65 mmol/day to 100 mmol/day in hypertensive patients); perform 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven clays per week; maintain a healthy body weight (body mass index 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (smaller than 102 cm for trien and smaller than 88 cm for women); limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 Units per week in men or nine units per week in women; follow a diet that is reduced in saturated far and cholesterol, and one that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy Products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources; and consider stress management in selected individuals With hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should be predicated oil by the patients global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and comorbid conditions. Blood pressure should be decreased to lower than 140/90 mmHg in all patients, and to lower than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients will require more than one agent to achieve these target blood pressures. For adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for diastolic and/or systolic hypertension include angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (in nonblack patients), long-acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor antagonists (ARBs) or beta-blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). A combination of two first-line agents may also be considered for initial treatment of hypertension if systolic blood pressure is 20 mmHg above target or if diastolic blood pressure is 10 mmHg above target. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension include long-acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. In patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction or heart failure, beta-blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor/diuretic combination is preferred; in patients with protein-uric nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors are recommended; and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first-line therapies. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian cardiovascular Society position statement (recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of dyslipidemia and prevention of cardiovascular disease). Selected high-risk patients with hypertension but who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy according to the position paper should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and voted on by the 57 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus, sus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually.
Effects of testosterone treatment, with and without exercise training, on ambulatory blood pressure in middle-aged and older men; Context With age, testosterone (T) and physical activity levels often decline in parallel. The effect of combining T treatment and exercise training on ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) is unclear. Objective To assess T and exercise effects, alone and in combination, on ABP in men aged 50-70 years, waist circumference >= 95 cm and low-normal serum T (6-14 nmol/L), without organic hypogonadism. Design A 2 x 2 factorial randomised, placebo-controlled study. Intervention Randomization to daily transdermal AndroForte5(R) (Testosterone 5.0%w/v, 100 mg in 2 ml) cream (T), or matching placebo (P) (double-blind), and to supervised exercise (Ex) or no additional exercise (NEx), for 12 weeks. Results Average 24-h systolic blood pressure (SBP) increased with T treatment (testosterone*time, p = .035). Average 24-h SBP increased in T+Ex (T+Ex:+3.0 vs. P+NEx: -3.0 mmHg, p = .026) driven by day-time changes (T+Ex:+3.5 vs. P+NEx: -3.0 mmHg, p = .026). There was an effect of T for 24-h average diastolic blood pressure (DBP, testosterone*time, p = .044) driven by the decrease in P+Ex (P+Ex: -3.9 vs. T+NEx: -0.5 mmHg, p = .015). Night-time DBP was lower with exercise (P+Ex: -4.0 vs. P+NEx: +0.7 mmHg, p = .032). The effect of exercise to lower night-time DBP was not apparent in the presence of T (T+Ex: -0.4 vs. P+NEx: +0.7 mmHg, p > .05). Ex increased average 24-h pulse pressure (PP, exercise*time, p = .022), largely during daytime hours (exercise*time, p = .013). Conclusions There was a main effect of T to increase 24-h SBP, primarily seen when T was combined with Ex. Exercise alone decreased 24-h and night-time DBP; an effect attenuated by T. BP should be carefully assessed and monitored, when prescribing T treatment to middle-aged and older men, especially when combined with exercise training.
The Health Examination Survey at regional level: the Emilia-Romagna Region (Northern Italy) example; OBJECTIVES: to assess time trend of lifestyles, cardiovascular risk factors, and prevalence of high-risk conditions in random samples of the general adult population residing in Emilia-Romagna, examined in two cross-sectional surveys conducted within the Epidemiological Cardiovascular Observatory (OEC 1998-2002) and the Epidemiological Cardiovascular Observatory/Health Examination Survey (OEC/HES 2008-2012). DESIGN: cross-sectional surveys conducted on random samples of general adult population stratified by gender and age group in some municipalities of Emilia-Romagna. SETTINGS AND PARTICIPANTS: in Emilia-Romagna, 341 males and 354 females were examined in 1998-2002 and 307 males and 300 females were examined in 2008-2012. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: cardiovascular risk factors, high risk conditions, and proportion of population following healthy lifestyles recommendations. RESULTS: in the second survey, prevalence of hypercholesterolemia and mean values of total and LDL cholesterol were higher. Less than 30% of the sample consumes adequate quantities of vegetables and fish; cheeses, sausages, and sweets are overconsumed, as a higher cholesterol intake. CONCLUSIONS: increased in total and LDL cholesterol are partly due to the reach diet, as suggested by nutrient consumption. Appropriate preventive actions for the improvement of the lifestyles and lipid profile in the general population are recommended.
Elevated thyroid hormones caused by high concentrate diets participate in hepatic metabolic disorders in dairy cows; Objective: High concentrate diets are widely used to satisfy high-yielding dairy cows; however, long-term feeding of high concentrate diets can cause subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA). The endocrine disturbance is one of the important reasons for metabolic disorders caused by SARA. However, there is no current report about thyroid hormones involved in liver metabolic disorders induced by a high concentrate diet. Methods: In this study, 12 mid-lactating dairy cows were randomly assigned to HC (high concentrate) group (60% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6) and LC (low concentrate) group (40% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6). All cows were slaughtered on the 21st day, and the samples of blood and liver were collected to analyze the blood biochemistry, histological changes, thyroid hormones, and the expression of genes and proteins. Results: Compared with LC group, HC group showed decreased serum triglyceride, free fatty acid, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, increased hepatic glycogen, and glucose. For glucose metabolism, the gene and protein expression of glucose-6phosphatase and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1 in the liver were significantly up-regulated in HC group. For lipid metabolism, the expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1, long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 1, and fatty acid synthase in the liver was decreased in HC group, whereas carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 alpha and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha were increased. Serum triiodothyronine, thyroxin, free triiodothyronine (FT3), and hepatic FT3 increased in HC group, accompanied by increased expression of thyroid hormone receptor (THR) in the liver. Conclusion: Taken together, thyroid hormones may increase hepatic gluconeogenesis, beta-oxidation and reduce fatty acid synthesis through the THR pathway to participate in the metabolic disorders caused by a high concentrate diet.
Changes in the salt content of packaged foods sold in supermarkets between 2015-2020 in the United Kingdom: A repeated cross-sectional study; Background Excess consumption of salt is linked to an increased risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The United Kingdom has had a comprehensive salt reduction programme since 2003, setting a series of progressively lower, product-specific reformulation targets for the food industry, combined with advice to consumers to reduce salt. The aim of this study was to assess the changes in the sales-weighted mean salt content of grocery foods sold through retail between 2015 and 2020 by category and company. Methods and findings Information for products, including salt content (g/100 g), was collected online from retailer websites for 6 consecutive years (2015 to 2020) and was matched with brand-level retail sales data from Euromonitor for 395 brands. The sales-weighted mean salt content and total volume of salt sold were calculated by category and company. The mean salt content of included foods fell by 0.05 g/100 g, from 1.04 g/100 g in 2015 to 0.90 g/100 g in 2020, equivalent to -4.2% (p = 0.13). The categories with the highest salt content in 2020 were savoury snacks (1.6 g/100 g) and cheese (1.6 g/100 g), and the categories that saw the greatest reductions in mean salt content over time were breakfast cereals (-16.0%, p = 0.65); processed beans, potatoes, and vegetables (-10.6%, p = 0.11); and meat, seafood, and alternatives (-9.2%, p = 0.56). The total volume of salt sold fell from 2.41 g per person per day to 2.25 g per person per day, a reduction of 0.16 g or 6.7% (p = 0.54). The majority (63%) of this decrease was attributable to changes in mean salt content, with the remaining 37% accounted for by reductions in sales. Across the top 5 companies in each of 9 categories, the volume of salt sold decreased in 26 and increased in 19 cases. This study is limited by its exclusion of foods purchased out of the home, including at restaurants, cafes, and takeaways. It also does not include salt added at the table, or that naturally occurring in foods, meaning the findings underrepresent the population's total salt intake. The assumption was also made that the products matched with the sales data were entirely representative of the brand, which may not be the case if products are sold exclusively in convenience stores or markets, which are not included in this database. Conclusions There has been a small decline in the salt content of foods and total volume of salt sold between 2015 and 2020, but observed changes were not statistically significant so could be due to random variations over time. We suggest that mandatory reporting of salt sales by large food companies would increase the transparency of how individual businesses are progressing towards the salt reduction targets. Author summary Why was this study done? Excess salt consumption leads to increased risk of high blood pressure and heart disease. Reducing salt intake across the population is a public health priority. Voluntary salt reduction targets for the food industry in the United Kingdom cover a wide range of foods, such as bread, snacks, sauces, and ready meals. This study examines how the sales-weighted mean salt content of the 9 grocery food categories that contribute the most to adults' salt intake in the UK has changed between 2015 and 2020, and how it has changed by individual company. What did the researchers find? Nine grocery food categories that contribute the most to adult salt intake in the UK were included in this study. The mean salt content of these foods fell by 5%, from 1.04 g/100 g to 0.99 g/100 g, although the results are not statistically significant. The biggest reductions were seen in breakfast cereals (-16%) and processed beans, potatoes, and vegetables (-11%), but there was no change for bread (-2%) and ready meals (+1%). None of these changes were statistically significant. What do the findings mean? There has been little change in the mean salt content and total volume of salt sold from these foods. Overall, progress in salt reduction has stalled. Additional policy measures might be needed to further reduce the salt content of foods, such as mandatory reporting of salt sales by manufacturers, which might improve transparency and simulate further progress.
Effect of modified dairy fat on postprandial and fasting plasma lipids and lipoproteins in healthy young men; Fatty acid profile of milk fat can be modified by cow feeding strategies. Our aim was postprandially and after 4 wk to compare the effect of a modified milk fat (M diet) [with 16% of the cholesterolemic saturated fatty acid (C12-16) replaced by mainly oleic and stearic acids] with the effect of D diet, including a conventional Danish milk fat on plasma lipids and lipoproteins. A side effect of the cow feeding regime was a 5% (w/w) increase in trans fatty acid in M diet. Eighteen subjects were fed for two periods of 4 wk strictly controlled isoenergetic test diets with 40% of energy from total fat and the same content of dietary cholesterol in a randomized study with cross-over design. Contrary to expectations, fasting low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentration did not differ after the experimental periods. However, M diet resulted in a higher fasting total triacylglycerol concentration compared to D diet (P = 0.009). Postprandial samples were taken at two different occasions (i) at day 21, after breakfast and lunch and (ii) on the last day of the study 2, 4, 6, and 8 h after a fat load. Postprandial plasma triacylglycerol and chylomicron triacylglycerol showed higher peak Values after D diet than M diet (interaction effect, diet x times P < 0.05). In conclusion, M diet did not lower LDL cholesterol compared to D diet. Thus any cholesterol-lowering effect of oleic and stearic acids may have been obscured by the high content of cholesterol-raising saturated fatty acids in mi Ik fat. A higher content of the trans fatty acids in M diet might have counteracted the cholesterol neutral/decreasing effect and increased plasma triacylglycerol.
Plant sterol-enriched spread enhances the cholesterol-lowering potential of a fat-reduced diet; Objective: To determine the effect of a plant sterol-enriched spread on plasma cholesterol concentrations when replacing butter or a standard polyunsaturated spread in a diet containing 30% of energy fat. Design: Parallel butter phase followed by double-blind, randomized, cross-over polyunsaturated spread phases. Setting: General community. Subjects: Volunteer sample of 50 free-living men and women with mean age (s.d.) 46.7 y (10.5), moderately elevated plasma total cholesterol 5.95 mmol/l (0.78), and body mass index 26.0 (3.9) kg/m(2). Intervention: Participants ate a moderately low-fat diet (30% of energy) for the 11-week intervention. During the first 3 weeks the diet included 20 g per day of butter. Participants were then randomized to replace the butter with 25 g of polyunsaturated spread with or without 2 g of plant sterols for 4 weeks, crossing over in the last 4 weeks to the alternate spread. Main outcome measures: Plasma cholesterol and fatty acids. Results: Replacing butter with a standard polyunsaturated fat spread reduced mean plasma total cholesterol concentrations by 4.6% (from 6.09 (0.82) to 5.81 (0.77) mmol/l, P < 0.01) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 5.5% (from 3.98 (0.76) to 3.76 (0.74) mmol/l, P < 0.05). Replacing butter with a polyunsaturated spread containing plant sterols reduced plasma total cholesterol by 8.9% (from 6.09 (0.82) to 5.55 (0.76) mmol/l, P < 0.01) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 12.3% (from 3.98 (0.76) to 3.49 (0.72) mmol/l, P < 0.01). Plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was the same on the three diets. Conclusion: In people with moderately raised plasma cholesterol concentrations consuming reduced-fat diets the reduction in plasma total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations achieved by replacing butter with a polyunsaturated spread is enhanced by addition of plant sterols. Sponsorship: Partially funded by a grant to the University of Otago from Unilever Research.
The effect of <i>Lactobacillus sakei</i> supplementation on milk yield, lipid profile and oxidative status in lactating dairy cows: a preliminary study - short communication; The aim of the study was to investigate if feeding with Lactobacillus sakei could be beneficial for dairy cows. For this purpose, twenty mid-lactation cows were randomly allocated into two groups: the control, which received standard food, and the test group, which received standard food with L. sakei supplementation (5.0* 10(8) colony forming units of L. sakei per day) for a two month period. Before and after the experimental period milk production and serum lipid profile (total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides) and oxidative markers (paraoxonase 1, total antioxidant capacity [TA C], total oxidant status [TOS], and oxidative stress index [OSI]) were evaluated. After the experimental period the control group showed very a mild, although significant decrease in serum triglycerides, while in the test group significant decreases in serum total cholesterol and TA C, and increases in triglycerides, TOS, and OSI were observed. The results of the present research indicate that L. sakei supplementation may not be beneficial for dairy cows, as alterations in lipid profile and increased oxidative stress were observed, without any increase in milk production.
DIETARY MODIFICATION WITH DAIRY-PRODUCTS FOR PREVENTING VERTEBRAL BONE LOSS IN PREMENOPAUSAL WOMEN - A 3-YEAR PROSPECTIVE-STUDY; The effect of dietary calcium on vertebral bone mass in women is controversial. In a randomized study we have investigated the effect of dietary modification in the form of dairy products on vertebral bone mass in 30- to 42-yr-old premenopausal women over a 3-yr period. Twenty women increased their dietary calcium intake by an average of 610 mg/day (P < 0.03) for 3 yr, while 17 age- and weight-matched women served as controls. Calcium intake was monitored by 3-day diet histories and 24-h urinary calcium excretion. The consumption of the dairy products did not alter serum calcium or PTH levels or the fasting urinary calcium to creatinine ratio. Twenty-four-hour urinary calcium excretion increased by 28% (P < 0.03) in the supplemented women. Dairy product intake was accompanied by increased dietary fat intake, but there were no statistically significant changes in serum cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, or high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. The  vertebral bone density in the women consuming increased calcium did not change over the 3-yr period (-0.4 .+-. 0.9%). In contrast, the vertebral bone density in the control women declined (-2.9 .+-. 0.8%; P < 0.001) and was significantly lower than that in the supplemented group at 30 and 36 months. The study suggests that dietary modification in the form of dairy products retards vertebral bone loss in premenopausal women. Therefore, increased calcium intake in estrogen-replete premenopausal women prey prevent age-related bone loss.
Dairy matrix effects: response to consumption of dairy fat differs when eaten within the cheese matrix-a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dairy fat consumed as cheese has different effects on blood lipids than that consumed as butter. It is unknown whether the effect is specific to fat interaction with other cheese nutrients (calcium, casein proteins), or to the cheese matrix itself. Objective: We aimed to test the effect of 6 wk daily consumption of similar to 40 g dairy fat, eaten within macronutrient-matched food matrices, on markers of metabolic health, in overweight adults aged >= 50 y. Design: The study was a 6-wk randomized parallel intervention; 164 volunteers (75 men) received similar to 40 g of dairy fat/d, in 1 of 4 treatments: (A) 120 g full-fat Irish cheddar cheese (FFCC) (n = 46); (B) 120 g reduced-fat Irish cheddar cheese + butter (21 g) (RFC + B) (n = 45); (C) butter (49 g), calcium caseinate powder (30 g), and Ca supplement (CaCO3) (500 mg) (BCC) (n = 42); or (D) 120 g FFCC, for 6 wk (as per A) (n = 31). Group D first completed a 6-wk "run-in" period, where they excluded all dietary cheese before commencing the intervention. Results: There was no difference in anthropometry, fasting glucose, or insulin between the groups at pre- or postintervention. However, a stepwise-matrix effect was observed between the groups for total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.033) and LDL cholesterol (P = 0.026), with significantly lower postintervention TC (mean +/- SD) (5.23 +/- 0.88 mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol (2.97 +/- 0.67 mmol/L) when all of the fat was contained within the cheese matrix (Group A), compared with Group C when it was not (TC: 5.57 +/- 0.86 mmol/L; LDL cholesterol: 3.43 +/- 0.78 mmol/L). Conclusion: Dairy fat, eaten in the form of cheese, appears to differently affect blood lipids compared with the same constituents eaten in different matrices, with significantly lower total cholesterol observed when all nutrients are consumed within a cheese matrix.
Age-Related Changes in Serum Lipid Levels, Hepatic Morphology, Antioxidant Status, Lipid Metabolism Related Gene Expression and Enzyme Activities of Domestic Pigeon Squabs (<i>Columba livia</i>); Simple Summary Research on antioxidant status and lipid metabolism in pigeon squabs as meat type poultry is limited. The objective of this study was to explore the age-related changes in the antioxidant status and lipid metabolism of pigeon squabs (Columba livia). Ten squabs were randomly selected, out of 400 hatched squabs, on the following days: day of hatching (DOH) and days 7 (D7), 14 (D14), 21 (D21) post-hatch, respectively. BW, serum lipid levels, antioxidant capacity indices, lipid metabolism-related enzyme activities, lipid metabolism-related gene expression, and liver morphology were determined. Results indicated that the phase from DOH to D14 was a growth spurt, especially in the first seven days. The antioxidant capacity of squabs had a continuous decline from DOH to D14. Besides, changes regarding lipid metabolism mainly occurred in the phase from DOH to D14. The first seven days mainly showed less lipid breakdown, while the second seven days displayed more complicated lipid metabolism. The results obtained from this study suggested that, in the pigeon industry, it is better to take nutritional manipulation in squabs before D14. The objective of this study was to evaluate the age-related changes in antioxidant status and the lipid metabolism of pigeon squabs (Columba livia), by determining the BW, antioxidant indices, serum lipid levels, lipid metabolism-related enzyme activities, lipid metabolism-related gene expression, and liver morphology in squabs. Ten squabs were randomly selected and sampled on the day of hatching (DOH), days 7 (D7), 14 (D14) and 21 (D21) post-hatch, respectively. The results showed that BW of squabs increased linearly from DOH to D21. The minimum fold of BW gain was observed in the phase from D14 to D21. Serum triglyceride and free fatty acid levels displayed linear and quadratic trends as age increased, with these maximum responses in D14. Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level responded to age linearly and quadratically with the minimum in D14. Serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level and the ratio of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased linearly with age, whereas the very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level decreased linearly. The activities of glutathione peroxidase, catalase, and superoxide dismutase in liver displayed linear and quadratic trends as age increased, with these minimum responses in D14. Hepatic malondialdehyde concentration responded to age linearly and quadratically, with the maximum in D14. Activities of lipoprotein lipase, hepatic lipase, and 3-hydroxy-3-methyl glutaryl coenzyme A reductase in liver responded to age linearly and quadratically, with these minimum responses in D14. Hepatic hormone-sensitive lipase activity displayed linear and quadratic trends as age increased with the maximum in D14. Hepatic acetyl CoA carboxylase activity on D14 was significantly lower than squabs on DOH and D7. Hepatic carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 mRNA expression responded to age linearly and quadratically, with minimum response in D14. Hepatic mRNA expression of acetyl CoA carboxylase and fatty acid synthetase increased linearly with age. Hepatic Oil-Red-O staining area displayed a quadratic trend as age increased, with the maximum response in D14. In conclusion, the phase from DOH to D14 was a crucial development stage for growth, antioxidant status and lipid metabolism in pigeon squabs. The results suggest it is better to take nutritional manipulation in squabs before D14.
Protective Effect of a Mixture of <i>Astragalus membranaceus</i> and <i>Lithospermum erythrorhizon</i> Extract against Hepatic Steatosis in High Fat Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Mice; The present study aimed to evaluate the potential synergistic and protective effects of ALM16, a mixture of Astragalus membranaceus (AM) and Lithospermum erythrorhizon (LE) extract in a ratio of 7 : 3, against hepatic steatosis in high fat diet (HFD)-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) mice. Forty-eight mice were randomly divided into eight groups and orally administered daily for 6 weeks with a normal diet (ND) or high fat diet alone (HFD), HFD with AM (HFD + 100 mg/kg AM extract), HFD with LE (HFD + 100 mg/kg LE extract), HFD with ALM16 (HFD + 50, 100, and 200 mg/kg ALM16), or HFD with MT (HFD + 100 mg/kg Milk thistle extract) as a positive control. ALM16 significantly decreased the body and liver weight, serum and hepatic lipid profiles, including triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL), and serum glucose levels, compared to the HFD group. Moreover, ALM16 significantly ameliorated the HFD-induced increased hepatic injury markers, including aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT)-1. Furthermore, as compared to the mice fed HFD alone, ALM16 increased the levels of phosphorylated AMP-activated protein kinase (p-AMPK) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase (p-ACC), thereby upregulating the expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase (CPT)-1 and downregulating the expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP)-1c and fatty acid synthase (FAS). These results demonstrated that ALM16 markedly inhibited HFD-induced hepatic steatosis in NAFLD mice by modulating AMPK and ACC signaling pathways, and may be more effective than the single extracts of AM or LE.
Plant Stanols and Plant Sterols and Blood LDL-Cholesterol Scientific Opinion of the Panel on Dietetic Products Nutrition and Allergies on a request from the European Commission and a similar request from France in relation to the authorization procedure for health claims on plant stanols and plant sterols and lowering/reducing blood LDL-cholesterol pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006; Following a request from the European Commission and a similar request from France, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver a scientific advice in relation to the authorisation procedure for health claims on plant stanols and plant sterols and lowering/reducing blood cholesterol pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006. The quantities of plant sterols/plant stanols in this opinion are expressed as equivalent weights of free (unesterified) stanols and sterols. Over 80 randomised, controlled trials have investigated the effect of plant sterols/plant stanols added to a wide range of food formats on blood concentrations of LDL-cholesterol. A number of meta-analyses on these trial has shown that plant sterols/plant stanols lower LDLcholesterol in a dose-dependent manner with the effect appearing to taper off at daily intakes greater that about 2g. The efficacy for lowering LDL-cholesterol is similar for plant sterols and plant stanols. The Panel notes that 1.5 - 1.9 g and 2.0 - 2.4 g plant sterols/plant stanols per day was observed to lower blood LDL-cholesterol by an average of 8.5 % and 8.9 %, respectively. The Panel concludes that for an intake of 1.5 - 2.4 g/d an average reduction of between 7 and 10.5 % can be expected. The Panel considers that such a reduction is of biological significance in terms of reduced risk of coronary heart disease. The Panel concludes that the blood LDL cholesterol lowering effect is usually established within the first 2 - 3 weeks and can be sustained by a continued consumption of plant sterols/stanols. This effect has been shown up to 85 weeks. The Panel concludes that while plant sterols/stanols added to foods such as margarine-type spreads, mayonnaise, salad dressings, and dairy products such as milk, yoghurts and cheese have been shown consistently to lower blood LDL-cholesterol, the efficacy of plant sterols/stanols added to other food formats is less well established.
Soy protein and isoflavones: their effects on blood lipids and bone density in postmenopausal women; The effects of soy protein (40 g/d) containing moderate and higher concentrations of isoflavones on blood lipid profiles, mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA, and bone mineral density and content were investigated in 66 free-living. hypercholesterolemic, postmenopausal women during a 6-mo, parallel-group, double-blind trial with 3 interventions. After a control period of 14 d, during which subjects followed a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I low-fat, low-cholesterol diet, all subjects were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 dietary groups: Step I diet with 40 g protein/d obtained from casein and nonfat dry milk (CNFDM), Step I diet with 40 g protein/d from isolated soy protein containing 1.39 mg isoflavones/g protein (ISP56), or Step I diet with 40 g protein/d from isolated soy protein containing 2.25 mg isoflavones/g protein (ISP90). Total and regional bone mineral content and density were assessed. Non-HDL cholesterol for both ISP56 and ISP90 groups was reduced compared with the CNFDM group (P < 0.05). HDL cholesterol increased in both ISP56 and ISP90 groups (P < 0.05). Mononuclear cell LDL receptor mRNA was increased in subjects consuming ISP56 or ISP90 compared with those consuming CNFDM (P < 0.05). Significant increases occurred in both bone mineral content and density in the lumbar spine but not elsewhere for the ISP90 group compared with the control group (P < 0.05). Intake of soy protein at both isoflavone concentrations for 6 mo may decrease the risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women. However, only the higher isoflavone-containing product protected against spinal bone loss.
Meals with Similar Fat Content from Different Dairy Products Induce Different Postprandial Triglyceride Responses in Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Cross-Over Trial; Background: Postprandial lipemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Dairy products differ in nutrient content and food matrix, and little is known about how different dairy products affect postprandial triglyceride (TG) concentrations. Objective: We investigated the effect of meals with similar amounts of fat from different dairy products on postprandial TG concentrations over 6 h in healthy adults. Methods: A randomized controlled cross-over study was performed on 47 subjects (30% men), with median (25th-75th percentile) age of 32 (25-46) y and body mass index of 23.6 (21.0-25.8) kg/m(2). Meals included 1 of butter, cheese, whipped cream, or sour cream, corresponding to 45 g of fat (approximately 60 energy%). Serum concentrations of TGs (primary outcome), and total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL cholesterol), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL cholesterol), insulin, glucose, non-esterified fatty acids, and plasma glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (secondary outcomes) were measured before the meal and 2, 4, and 6 h postprandially. Incremental AUC (iAUC) was calculated for the responses, and data were analyzed using a linear mixed model. Results: Sour cream induced a 61% larger TG-iAUC(0-6 h) compared to whipped cream (P < 0.001), a 53% larger TG-iAUC(0-6 h) compared to butter (P < 0.001), and a 23% larger TG-iAUC(0-6 h) compared to cheese (P = 0.05). No differences in TG-iAUC(0-6 h) between the other meals were observed. Intake of sour cream induced a larger HDL cholesterol-iAUC(0-6 h) compared to cheese (P = 0.01). Intake of cheese induced a 124% larger insulin iAUC(0-6 h) compared to butter (P = 0.006). No other meal effects were observed. Conclusions: High-fat meals containing similar amount of fat from different dairy products induce different postprandial effects on serum TGs, HDL cholesterol, and insulin in healthy adults. The potential mechanisms and clinical impact of our findings remain to be further elucidated.
The 2009 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults for 2009. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence front randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials was preferentially reviewed. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long-term morbidity and mortality data in this field. Progression of kidney dysfunction was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome among patients with chronic kidney disease. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane collaboration librarian conductcd an independent MEDLINE search front 2007 to August 2008 to Update the 2008 recommendations. To identify additional published studies, reference lists were reviewed and experts were contacted. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by both content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: For lifestyle modifications to prevent and treat ypertension, restrict dietary sodium to less than 2300 mg (100 mmol)/day (and 1500 mg to 2300 mg [65 mmol to 100 mmol]/day in hypertensive patients); perform 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven days per week; maintain a healthy body weight (body mass index 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (smaller than 102 cm for men and smaller thin) 88 cm for women); limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 units per week in men or nine units per week in women; follow a diet that is reduced in saturated far and cholesterol, and that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources; and consider stress management ill selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should be predicated on by the patient's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and comorbid conditions. Blood pressure should be decreased to lower than 140/90 mmHg in all patients, and to lower than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients will require more than one agent to achieve these target blood pressures. Antihypertensive therapy should be considered it) all adult patients regardless of age (caution should be exercised in elderly patients who are frail). For adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for diastolic and/or systolic hypertension include angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (in patients who are not black), long-acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor antagonists (ARBs) or beta-blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). A combination of two first-line agents may also be considered as the initial treatment of hypertension if the systolic blood pressure is 20 mmHg above the target or if the diastolic blood pressure is 10 mmHg above the target. The combination of ACE inhibitors and ARBs should not be used. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension include long-acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. In patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction or heart failure, beta-blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor/diuretic combination is preferred; in patients with proteinuric nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (if intolerant to ACE inhibitors) are recommended; and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first-line therapies. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia Should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement (recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of dyslipidemia and prevention of cardiovascular disease). Selected high-risk patients with hypertension who do not. achieve thresholds for statin therapy according to the position paper Should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and Voted on by the 57 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually.
Lifestyle patterns and dysglycaemic risk in urban Sri Lankan women; Specific dietary patterns are associated with the risk of chronic disease. An in-depth understanding more reflective of lifestyle would be possible when assessing the synergistic effects of both diet and physical activity in pattern analysis. In the present study, we examined the biochemical markers of dysglycaemia and cardiometabolic risk in relation to lifestyle patterns using principal component analysis (PCA). Urban women (n 2800) aged 30-45 years were screened for dysglycaemia using cluster sampling from the Colombo Municipal Council area. All the 272 dysglycaemic women detected through screening and 345 randomly selected normoglycaemic women were enrolled. The International Physical Activity Questionnaire and a quantitative FFQ were used to assess physical activity and diet, respectively. Anthropometric measurements, bioelectrical impedance analysis and biochemical estimations were carried out. Lifestyle patterns were identified based on dietary and physical activity data using exploratory factor analysis. PCA was used for the extraction of factors. A total of three lifestyle patterns were identified. Women who were predominantly physically inactive and consumed snacks and dairy products had the greatest cardiometabolic risk, with a higher likelihood of having unfavourable obesity indices (increased waist circumference, fat mass percentage and BMI and decreased fat-free mass percentage), glycaemic indices (increased glycosylated Hb (HbA1c) and fasting blood sugar concentrations) and lipid profile (increased total cholesterol/TAG and decreased HDL-cholesterol concentrations) and increased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations. For the first time, we report lifestyle patterns and demonstrate the synergistic effects of physical activity/inactivity and diet and their relative association with cardiometabolic risk in urban women. Lifestyle pattern analysis greatly increases our understanding of high-risk behaviours occurring within real-life complexities.
COMPARATIVE EFFECTS OF 4 LEGUME SPECIES ON PLASMA-LIPIDS AND FECAL STEROID-EXCRETION IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC PIGS; The effect of four species of legume seeds on plasma cholesterol levels and faecal steroid excretion was studied in pigs. Thirty-six growing boars were randomly allocated in groups of six to six diets which they ate continuously for 42 d. The diets fed were: 1, a semi-purified (SP; control group 1) diet; 2, SP + 10 g cholesterol/kg (control group 2); 3, 4, 5, 6, SP + cooked legumes (70:30, w/w; respectively baked beans (Phaseolus vulgaris), peas (Pisum sativum), lentils (Lens culinaris Medik.), butter beans (Phaseolus lunatus)) + 10 g cholesterol/kg. Fasting blood samples were taken on days 0, 14, 28, and 42 for the determination of total plasma cholesterol, high-density-lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and triacylglycerols. Between days 7 and 11 and days 28 and 32 complete 5 d faecal collections were made for the measurement of neutral, acidic and conjugated steroids. After 42 d total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol levels were raised significantly in all groups, but to different extents. In comparison with control group 2, diet-induced hypercholesterolaemia was significantly inhibited in the groups consuming baked beans, peas and butter beans, although HDL-cholesterol levels were maintained. Faecal steroid excretion by the legume groups was not significantly different from that of control group 2. The results suggest that the mechanism for the hypocholesterolaemic effect does not involve increased hepatic bile acid synthesis and thereby increased cholesterol clearance via the intestinal route.
The effect of yoghurt and its probiotics on blood pressure and serum lipid profile; a randomised controlled trial; Background and aims: Despite strong mechanistic data, and promising results from in vitro and animal studies, the ability of probiotic bacteria to improve blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in humans remains uncertain. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis Bb12, provided in either yoghurt or capsule form, on home blood pressure and serum lipid profile. Methods and results: Following a 3-week washout period, 156 overweight men and women over 55 y were randomized to a 6-week double-blinded, factorial, parallel study. The four intervention groups were: A) probiotic yoghurt plus probiotic capsules; B) probiotic yoghurt plus placebo capsules; C) control milk plus probiotic capsules; and D) control milk plus placebo capsules. Each probiotic test article provided a minimum L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp. lactis Bb12 dose of 3.0 x 10(9) CFU/d. Home blood pressure monitoring, consisting of 7-day bi-daily repeat measurements, were collected at baseline and week 6. Fasting total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), and serum triglyceride were performed at baseline and week 6. When compared to control milk, probiotic yoghurt did not significantly alter blood pressure, heart rate or serum lipid concentrations (P > 0.05). Similarly, when compared to placebo capsules, supplementation with probiotic capsules did not alter blood pressure or concentrations of total cholesterol LDLC, HDLC, or triglycerides (P > 0.05). Conclusions: The probiotic strains L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp. lactis Bb12 did not improve cardiovascular risk factors. (C) 2014 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.
Topical fat reduction from the waist; Objective: Topical fat reduction from the thigh in women using aminophylline cream has been demonstrated, but the local fat reduction in other body areas or in men by lowering the local lipolytic threshold has not been demonstrated. This study is designed to test the hypothesis that aminophylline cream application to the waist will reduce waist circumference compared with a control. Research methods and procedures: Fifty men and women who are 21-65 years of age with a BMI greater than 27 kg/m(2) and a waist to hip ratio >= average were randomized in a 1 : 1 ratio to 0.5% aminophylline cream to the waist twice a day or no treatment to the waist. All subjects were instructed to follow a 1200 kcal balanced diet, participate in a walking program and return biweekly to encourage compliance. A theophylline level was drawn monthly, and the waist, BMI and waist to hip ratio were remeasured at 12 weeks. Results: At week 12, there was a significant reduction in BMI from baseline that was not different between the groups. The reduction in waist circumference was 11 +/- 1.0 cm in the aminophylline cream group and 5.0 +/- 0.6 cm in the control group (p < 0.001). The reduction in waist circumference was significant for both women and men, but the women lost significantly more waist girth. The waist to hip ratio, a measure of fat distribution, declined. Aminophylline levels were undetectable, and there were no adverse events. Discussion: Aminophylline cream offers a safe and effective method for cosmetic local fat reduction from the waist.
Milk intake is not associated with ischaemic heart disease in observational or Mendelian randomization analyses in 98 529 Danish adults; Background: Observationally, reports on the association between milk intake and risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) and myocardial infarction (MI) have produced conflicting results; and no previous large-scale study using the lactase persistent/non-persistent LCT-13910 C/T genotype as a largely unconfounded proxy for milk intake free of reverse causation has been conducted. We tested the hypothesis that milk intake observationally and genetically through the LCT-13910 C/T genotype is associated with risk of IHD and MI in a Mendelian randomization design. Methods: We included 98 529 White individuals of Danish descent, aged 20-100 years, from three studies of the general population. Information on IHD (N = 10 372) and MI (N = 4188) were obtained from national Danish registries. First, we investigated observational associations between milk intake and incident IHD and MI. Second, we confirmed the association between the rs4988235 genetic variant LCT-13910 C/T, associated with lactase persistence/non-persistence, and milk intake. Finally, we tested whether LCT-13910 C/T genotype was associated with risk of IHD and MI as well as with cardiovascular risk factors. Results: During a mean follow-up time of 5.4 years, the observational hazard ratio for a 1 glass/week higher milk intake was 1.00 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.00,1.01] for both IHD and MI. Median milk intake was 3 glasses/week (interquartile range: 0-7) in lactase CC non-persistent individuals compared with 5 glasses/week (0-10) in lactase TC/TT persistent individuals (P = 3*10(-60)). In the dominant genetic model comparing lactase TC/TT persistent individuals with lactase CC non-persistent individuals, the odds ratio was 1.00 (0.92,1.09) for IHD and 0.96 (0.84,1.09) for MI. Finally, in the dominant genetic model genotype was not associated convincingly with plasma levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides or glucose, nor with blood pressure. Conclusion: Milk intake was not associated with risk of IHD or MI, observationally or genetically.
Serum Cholesterol Reduction Efficacy of Biscuits with Added Plant Stanol Ester; This study's aim was to test the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol-(LDL-c-) lowering efficacy of biscuits containing 2 g of plant stanols, which corresponded to 3.4 g of plant stanol esters. The biscuit is a new food format that can be consumed as a snack. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel design study, 119 mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic volunteers were randomized to plant stanol or control groups. Subjects were comparable in age, gender, lipid profiles, and body mass index. They consumed a control biscuit once a day for a two-week period, followed by a four-week intervention period that either had a plant stanol ester biscuit or a control. During the habitual diet, one biscuit per day was consumed at any time that subjects wished. Serumlipid profiles were measured at the first day of run-in, at baseline, and at the study's end. Compared to the control, the total cholesterol (TC), LDL-c, and the LDL-to-high-density lipoprotein (LDL/HDL) ratio had serum reductions of 4.9%, 6.1%, and 4.3%, respectively, and were observed after 4 weeks of biscuit consumption with added plant stanols (P < 0.05). A significantly higher reduction in LDL-c (8.9%) and LDL/HDL ratio (11.4%) was measured in those taking a plant stanol biscuit with a meal compared to those who consumed a plant stanol biscuit without other food. In conclusion, incorporating plant stanols into a biscuit is an attractive, convenient, and acceptable way to modestly lower elevated cholesterol concentrations. For optimal efficacy, biscuits should be consumed with a meal as part of a healthy diet.
Comparative analysis of the efficacies of probiotic supplementation and glucose-lowering drugs for the treatment of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate the effects of probiotics and glucose-lowering drugs (thiazolidinedione [TZD], glucagon-like pep-tide-1 receptor agonists [GLP-1 RA], dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors, and sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors [SGLT-2i]) in patients with type 2 diabetes from randomized con-trolled trials (RCTs). The PubMed, Web of science, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases were searched on the treatment effects of probiotics and glucose-lowering drugs on glycemia, lipids, and blood pressure metabolism published between Jan 2015 and April 2021. We performed meta-analyses using the random-effects model. We included 25 RCTs (2,843 participants). Overall, GLP-1RA, SGLT-2i, and TZD significantly reduce fasting blood sugar (FBS) and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), whereas GLP-1 RA increased the risk of hypoglycaemia. Multispecies probiotics decrease FBS, total cholesterol (TC), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP). Moreover, subgroup analyses indicated that participants aged > 55 years, BMI >= 30 kg/m(2), longer duration of intervention, and subjects from Eastern countries, showed significantly higher reduction in FBS and HbA1c, TC, TG and SBP. This meta-analysis revealed that including multiple probiotic rather than glucose-lowering drugs might be more beneficial regarding T2D prevention who suffering from simultaneously hyperglycemia, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertension.
EFFECT OF PROTEIN SOURCE DURING WEIGHT LOSS ON BODY COMPOSITION, CARDIOMETABOLIC RISK AND PHYSICAL PERFORMANCE IN ABDOMINALLY OBESE, OLDER ADULTS: A PILOT FEEDING STUDY; Objectives: The purpose of this pilot study was to begin to examine the effect of dietary protein source ( soy protein versus non-soy protein) during weight loss on body composition, and cardiometabolic and functional decline risk factors in older, abdominally obese adults. Design: Two-arm, single-blind, randomized, controlled trial. Setting: Wake Forest School of Medicine, Winston-Salem NC 27157, USA. Participants: 25 older ( 68.4+/-5.5 years, 88% female), abdominally obese ( BMI: 35.1+/-4.3 kg/m(2); WC: 101.4+/-13.1 cm) men and women were randomized to participate in the study. Intervention: A 12-week weight loss intervention, with participants randomized to consume soy protein-based meal replacements ( S; n=12) or non-soy protein-based meal replacements ( NS; n=12), in addition to prepared meals, and all participants targeted to receive an individualized caloric deficit of 500 kcal/day. Measurements: Body weight and composition ( assessed via DXA and CT), conventional biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk, and physical performance measures were assessed pre- and post-intervention. Additional endpoints of feasibility ( accrual, participation, retention, compliance, and safety) are reported. Results: A total of 24 participants ( 87% female) completed the study ( 96% retention) and lost an average of 7.8+/-3.0 kg over the 12-week period, with no difference seen between groups ( p=0.83). Although nearly all measures of global and regional body composition were significantly reduced following the 12-week intervention, differences were not observed between groups. Among cardiometabolic risk factors and physical performance measures, only diastolic blood pressure was significantly lower in the NS group compared to the S group ( 66.7+/-2.7 mmHg vs 73.5+/-2.7 mmHg, respectively; p=0.04). Interestingly, in groups combined, despite significant reductions in body weight and lean mass, no significant changes in 400-meter walk time (+5.3+/-43.4 s), short physical performance battery score (+0.1+/-1.0), grip strength (-0.3+/-3.2 kg), or relative knee extensor strength (-0.0+/-0.0 N/m/cm(3) thigh muscle volume) were observed. Conclusions: Data presented here suggest that a 12-week weight loss intervention, which incorporates S and NS meal replacement products, is associated with clinically significant weight loss and improvements in several parameters of cardiometabolic risk and unchanged physical function and strength. Results do not differ by protein source and suggest that soy protein is at least as good as other protein sources for weight loss during low-calorie dietary interventions in older adults.
Combined Interval Training and Post-exercise Nutrition in Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Control Trial; Background: High-intensity interval training (HIIT) can improve several aspects of cardiometabolic health. Previous studies have suggested that adaptations to exercise training can be augmented with post-exercise milk or protein consumption, but whether this nutritional strategy can impact the cardiometabolic adaptations to HIIT in type 2 diabetes is unknown. Objective: To determine if the addition of a post-exercise milk or protein beverage to a high-intensity interval training (HIIT) intervention improves cardiometabolic health in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Design: In a proof-of-concept, double-blind clinical trial 53 adults with uncomplicated type 2 diabetes were randomized to one of three nutritional beverages (500mL skim-milk, macronutrient control, or flavored water placebo) consumed after exercise (3 days/week) during a 12 week low-volume HIIT intervention. HIIT involved 10 X 1-min high-intensity intervals separated by 1-min low-intensity recovery periods. Two sessions per week were cardio-based (at similar to 90% of heart rate max) and one session involved resistance-based exercises (at RPE of 5-6; CR-10 scale) in the same interval pattern. Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)), body composition (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2peak), blood pressure, and endothelial function (% FMD) were measured before and after the intervention. Results: There were significant main effects of time (all p < 0.05) but no difference between groups (Interaction: all p > 0.71) for CGM 24-h mean glucose (-0.5 +/- 1.1 mmol/L), HbA(1c) (-0.2 +/- 0.4%), percent body fat (-0.8 +/- 1.6%), and lean mass (+1.1 +/- 2.8 kg). Similarly,. VO2peak (+2.5 +/- 1.6 mL/kg/min) and %FMD (+1.4 +/- 1.9%) were increased, and mean arterial blood pressure reduced (-6 +/- 7 mmHg), after 12 weeks of HIIT (all p < 0.01) with no difference between beverage groups (Interaction: all p > 0.11). Conclusion: High-intensity interval training is a potent stimulus for improving several important metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes. The benefits of HIIT are not augmented by the addition of post-exercise protein.
Dietary Supplements for Improving Body Composition and Reducing Body Weight: Where Is the Evidence?; Weight-loss supplements typically fall into 1 of 4 categories depending on their hypothesized mechanism of action: products that block the absorption of fat or carbohydrate, stimulants that increase thermogenesis, products that change metabolism and improve body composition, and products that suppress appetite or give a sense of fullness. Each category is reviewed, and an overview of the current science related to their effectiveness is presented. While some weight-loss supplements produce modest effects (<2 kg weight loss), many have either no or few randomized clinical trials examining their effectiveness. A number of factors confound research results associated with the efficacy of weight-loss supplements, such as small sample sizes, short intervention periods, little or no follow-up, and whether the supplement is given in combination with an energy-restricted diet or increased exercise expenditure. There is no strong research evidence indicating that a specific supplement will produce significant weight loss (>2 kg), especially in the long term. Some foods or supplements such as green tea, fiber, and calcium supplements or dairy products may complement a healthy lifestyle to produce small weight losses or prevent weight gain over time. Weight-loss supplements containing metabolic stimulants (e.g., caffeine, ephedra, synephrine) are most likely to produce adverse side effects and should be avoided.
Effect of oxytocin on serum biochemistry, liver enzymes, and metabolic hormones in lactating Nili Ravi buffaloes; Studies reporting the effects of oxytocin on the health of lactating animals are lacking and still no such data is available on Nili Ravi buffalo, the most prominent Asian buffalo breed. The present study was conducted to investigate the effect of oxytocin on physiological and metabolic parameters of lactating Nili Ravi buffaloes. Healthy lactating buffaloes (n = 40) of recent calving were selected from a commercial dairy farm situated in the peri-urban area of district Faisalabad, Pakistan. These buffaloes were randomly allocated to two equal groups viz experimental and control, comprising 20 animals each. Twice-a-day (morning and evening) milking practice was followed. The experimental and control buffaloes were administered subcutaneously with 3 mL of oxytocin (10 IU/mL) and normal saline respectively, prior to each milking. Serum biochemical profile including glucose, total cholesterol (tChol), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglycerides (TG), total proteins (TP), C-reactive protein (CRP), liver enzymes aspartate transaminase (AST), alanine transaminase (ALT), and metabolic hormones triiodothyronine (T-3) and thyroxine (T-4) were studied. Results revealed significantly higher (P a parts per thousand currency signaEuro parts per thousand 0.01) levels of glucose, total cholesterol, LDL-C, triglycerides, total proteins, and C-reactive protein in experimental (oxytocin-injected) lactating buffaloes compared to control group. Liver enzymes AST and ALT as well as serum T-4 concentration was significantly higher (P a parts per thousand currency signaEuro parts per thousand 0.01) in oxytocin-injected lactating buffaloes as compared to control animals. It was concluded that oxytocin had the key role in increasing the metabolic parameters and hormones, resulting in the optimization of production. But, at the same time, it may pose a threat to the animal health.
Effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid (isomers <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 and <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12) on body composition and metabolic syndrome components; The effects of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on body weight and body composition in man are controversial. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of milk supplementation with CLA on body composition and on the biochemical parameters of the metabolic syndrome. This was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Subjects were randomised to a daily intake of 500 ml milk supplemented with 3 g CLA (using a mixture of the bioactive isomers cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12, marketed as Tonalino((R)), Naturlinea; Central Lechera Asturiana) or placebo for 12 weeks. Sixty healthy men and women (aged 35-65 years) with signs of the metabolic syndrome participated (BMI 25-35 kg/m(2)). Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to measure body composition (week 0 baseline and week 12). Total fat mass in the CLA-milk subgroup with a BMI <= 30 kg/m(2) decreased significantly while no changes were detected in the placebo group (similar to 2%, P=0.01). Trunk fat mass showed a trend towards reduction (similar to 3%, P=0.05). CLA supplementation had no significant effect on the parameters of the metabolic syndrome, nor was it associated with changes in haematological parameters or renal function. The supplementation of milk with 3 g CLA over 12 weeks results in a significant reduction of fat mass in overweight but not in obese subjects. CLA supplementation was not associated with any adverse effects or biological changes.
Effects of calcium supplementation on lipids, blood pressure, and body composition in healthy older men: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Calcium supplementation has been suggested to have beneficial effects on serum lipids, blood pressure, and body weight, but these possibilities have not been rigorously assessed in men. Objective: This study evaluated the effect of calcium supplementation on the change in the ratio of HDL to LDL cholesterol (primary endpoint) and on changes in cholesterol fractions, triglycerides, blood pressure, and body composition (secondary endpoints). Design: We carried out a randomized controlled trial of calcium supplementation in 323 generally healthy men over a period of 2 y. Subjects were randomly assigned to take placebo, 600 mg Ca/d, or 1200 mg Ca/d. Results: There was no significant treatment effect on the ratio of HDL to LDL cholesterol (P = 0.47) nor on weight, fat mass, lean mass, triglycerides, or total, LDL, or HDL cholesterol (P > 0.28 for all). There were downward trends in systolic and diastolic blood pressures within the calcium-supplemented groups, but there were no significant treatment effects over the whole trial period (P > 0.60). In a post hoc analysis of those with baseline calcium intakes below the median value (785 mg/d), blood pressures showed borderline treatment effects (P = 0.05-0.06 for changes at 2 y in those who received 1200 mg Ca/d compared with placebo: systolic, -4.2 mm Hg; diastolic, -3.3 mm Hg). Low magnesium intake showed a similar interaction. No treatment effects on weight or body composition were found. Conclusions: These data do not show significant effects of calcium supplementation on serum lipids or body composition. Calcium supplementation in those with low dietary intakes may benefit blood pressure control. This trial was registered with the Australian Clinical Trials Registry as ACTRN 012605000274673. Am J Clin Nutr 2010; 91: 131-9.
Scientific Opinion on the substantiation of a health claim related to 3 g/day plant sterols/stanols and lowering blood LDL-cholesterol and reduced risk of (coronary) heart disease pursuant to Article 19 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006; Following an application from Unilever PLC and Unilever NV, submitted pursuant to Article 19 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 via the Competent Authority of the United Kingdom, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver an opinion on the scientific substantiation of an application to modify the conditions of use of an authorised Article 14 claim related to 1.5 - 3.0 g plant sterols/stanols per day and lowering blood LDL-cholesterol by 7 -12 % and reduced risk of (coronary) heart disease. The applicant has further requested that the minimum duration to obtain the effect be one to two weeks. The applicant provided a published systematic review and meta-analysis that evaluated the comparative efficacy of plant sterols and plant stanols for lowering blood LDL-cholesterol in healthy and hypercholesterolaemic subjects and an unpublished meta-analysis on 27 randomised controlled human studies on the LDL-lowering efficacy at a dose range between 2.6 and 3.4 g per day. On the basis of the data presented, the Panel concludes that plant sterols and stanol esters at daily intakes ranging from 1.5 to 3.0 g plant sterols/stanols in matrices approved by Regulation (EC) No 376/2010 (yellow fat spreads, dairy products, mayonnaise and salad dressings) have a similar efficacy on blood LDL-cholesterol lowering, that plant sterols and stanol esters at a daily intake of 3 g (range 2.6 g to 3.4 g) plant sterols/stanols in matrices approved by Regulation (EC) No 376/2010 lower LDL-cholesterol by 11.3 % (95 % CI: 10.0 - 12.5), and that the minimum duration required to achieve the maximum effect of plant sterols and stanols on LDLcholesterol lowering is two to three weeks.
Phytochemical screening and preliminary clinical trials of the aqueous extract mixture of <i>Andrographis paniculata</i> (Burm. f.) Wall. ex Nees and <i>Syzygium polyanthum</i> (Wight.) Walp leaves in metformin treated patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: Our previous preclinical study showed that the extract mixture (EM) of Andrographis paniculata (Burm. f.) Wall. ex Nees (AP) and Syzygium polyanthum (Wight.) Walp (SP) leaves had antidiabetic effects and were beneficial on alloxan-induced diabetic rats. Purpose: The objectives of this study were to: 1) identify the phytochemical compounds present in aqueous extract of AP and SP and 2) examine the benefits of the EM of AP and SP leaves in lowering blood glucose in the presence of standard antidiabetic treatment using metformin in type 2 diabetic patients in Indonesian Traditional Medicine Polyclinic of Dr. Soetomo General Hospital in Surabaya. Methods: Phytochemical analysis of aqueous leaf extract of AP and SP was performed using standard chemical tests, TLC, and GC-MS. Furthermore, a total of 54 subjects with T2DM participated in this study and were randomly assigned to either the intervention group supplemented with the extract mixture of AP and SP at a dose 900 mg/day for 8 weeks, or the control group which received placebo tablets in a randomized placebo-controlled double-blinded parallel clinical trial. Both groups received metformin at dose 1000 mg/day. Body weight, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, postprandial glucose, haemoglobin A1c, triglycerides, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, and markers of liver and kidney damage were measured. Results: The results of phytochemical analysis showed that the glycosides, terpenoids, alkaloids, flavonoids, saponins, and tannins were found to be present in the extract mixture. GC-MS analyses of AP and SP showed the presence of 19 and 12 peaks, respectively. Methyl ester of 9-octadecenoic and eicosanoic acid were determined as the main constituents of both species. Moreover, the results of clinical study suggested that the extract mixture improved the decrease of fasting blood glucose and postprandial glucose, significantly lowered body mass index compared with the control group. The EM appeared beneficial for SGPT values and uric acid levels. Conclusion: Overall, the results of this study suggested the potential beneficial effects of the extract mixture for use as complementary medicine alongside conventional treatment of metformin. The extract mixture contained many highly potent compounds for treating T2DM and preventing short-and long-term risk complications of diabetes.
Increased plasma PYY levels following supplementation with the functional fiber PolyGlycopleX in healthy adults; Background/Objectives: A variety of dietary fibers have been shown to alter satiety hormone gene expression and secretion. The objective of this study was to examine plasma satiety hormone concentrations in healthy subjects consuming either PolyGlycopleX (PGX) or control (skim milk powder) for 21 days. Subjects/Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study was conducted in 54 healthy male and female adults. Participants consumed 5 g per day of PGX or control for 1 week followed by 2 additional weeks of 10 g per day of assigned product (n = 27 per group). Primary outcomes measured at three visits (V1, V2 and V3) were plasma active glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) total ghrelin, peptide YY (PYY) and insulin. Results: There was a significant effect of visit for fasting PYY with control participants experiencing decreased PYY levels over time while PGX prevented this decline. When stratified by body mass index (BMI), PGX increased fasting PYY levels from week 1 to week 3 compared with control in participants with BMI <23 kg/m(2). There was a significant effect of visit for fasting ghrelin with levels decreasing in both PGX and control groups over time. No differences were detected in fasting GLP-1 levels. Although there was a 14% reduction in fasting insulin between V1 and V3 with PGX this was not significantly different from control. Conclusions: PGX is a highly viscous, functional fiber that modifies satiety hormone secretion in healthy adults. Its' potential to act similarly in overweight adults warrants investigation. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2010) 64, 1186-1191; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2010.141; published online 28 July 2010
Butter increased total and LDL cholesterol compared with olive oil but resulted in higher HDL cholesterol compared with a habitual diet; Background: Butter is known to have a cholesterol-raising effect and, therefore, has often been included as a negative control in dietary studies, whereas the effect of moderate butter intake has not been elucidated to our knowledge. Objective: We compared the effects of moderate butter intake, moderate olive oil intake, and a habitual diet on blood lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), glucose, and insulin. Design: The study was a controlled, double-blinded, randomized 2 x 5-wk crossover dietary intervention study with a 14-d run-in period during which subjects consumed their habitual diets. The study included 47 healthy men and women (mean +/- SD total cholesterol: 5.22 +/- 0.90 mmol/L) who substituted a part of their habitual diets with 4.5% of energy from butter or refined olive oil. Results: Study subjects were 70% women with a mean age and body mass index (in kg/m(2)) of 40.4 y and 23.5, respectively. Butter intake increased total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol more than did olive oil intake (P < 0.05) and the run-in period (P < 0.005 and P < 0.05, respectively) and increased HDL cholesterol compared with the run-in period (P < 0.05). No difference in effects was observed for triacylglycerol, hsCRP, insulin, and glucose concentrations. The intake of saturated fatty acids was significantly higher in the butter period than in the olive oil and run-in periods (P <0.0001). Conclusions: Moderate intake of butter resulted in increases in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol compared with the effects of olive oil intake and a habitual diet (run-in period). Furthermore, moderate butter intake was also followed by an increase in HDL cholesterol compared with the habitual diet. We conclude that hypercholesterolemic people should keep their consumption of butter to a minimum, whereas moderate butter intake may be considered part of the diet in the normocholesterolemic population. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02116829.
The effect of calcium and vitamin D supplementation on body composition and weight reduction: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled trial; Background and aims: Multiple studies have suggested that calcium can supplement diet-induced weight loss, and that vitamin D is the most important regulator of intestinal calcium absorption. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of calcium, vitamin D, and calcium and vitamin D (Ca + Vit D) supplementation on body composition and weight loss in overweight or obese women. Methods: In this triple-blind, randomized, parallel, placebo-controlled trial, 100 overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomly allocated to one of the following 4 treatment groups for 8 weeks: 1) calcium supplement (2 tablets per day, each containing 500 mg calcium carbonate), 2) vitamin D supplement (2 tablets per day, each containing 200 IU vitamin D-3), 3) Ca + Vit D supplement (2 tablets per day, each containing 500 mg calcium carbonate plus 200 IU vitamin D-3), or 4) placebo (2 tablets per day, containing micro-cellulose). All groups received a2093 kJ (500 kcal) energy-restricted diet. Anthropometric measurements, body composition and serum vitamin D levels were measured before and after the intervention. Physical activity and 24 h dietary records were taken at baseline, week 4 and week 8 of the intervention. Results: There were significant reductions in body weight, body mass index, waist circumference (p<0.001 for all), and body fat mass (p<0.05) in all treatment groups after the intervention. However, the results were not significantly different among the four treatments groups after adjusting for potential covariates. Conclusion: Calcium, vitamin D, or Ca + Vit D supplements had no effect on body composition and weight loss even in low vitamin D and calcium consumers.
Spreads enriched with three different levels of vegetable oil sterols and the degree of cholesterol lowering in normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects; Objective: To investigate the dose-response relationship between cholesterol lowering and three different, relatively low intake levels of plant sterols (0.83, 1.61, 3.24 g/d) from spreads. To investigate the effects on lipid-soluble (pro)vitamins. Design: A randomized double-blind placebo controlled balanced incomplete Latin square design using five spreads and four periods. The five study spreads included butter, a commercially available spread and three experimental spreads fortified with three different concentrations of plant sterols. Subjects: One hundred apparently healthy normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers participated. Interventions: Each subject consumed four spreads, each for a period of 3.5 week. Results: Compared to the control spread, total cholesterol decreased by 0.26 (CI: 0.15-0.36), 0.31 (CI: 0.20-0.41) and 0.35 (CI: 0.25-0.46)mmol/L, for daily consumption of 0.83, 1.61 and 3.24g plant sterols, respectively. For LDL-cholesterol these decreases were 0.20 (CI: 0.10-0.31), 0.26 (CI: 0.15-0.36) and 0.30 (CI: 0.20-0.41). Decreases in the LDL/HDL ratio were 0.13 (CI: 0.04-0.22), 0.16 (CI:0.07-0.24) and 0.16 (CI:0.07-0.24) units, respectively. Differences in cholesterol reductions between the plant sterol doses consumed were not statistically significant. Plasma vitamin K1 and 25-OH-vitamin D and lipid standardized plasma lycopene and alpha-tocopherol were not affected by consumption of plant sterol enriched spreads, but lipid standardized plasma (alpha + beta)-carotene concentrations were decreased by about 11 and 19% by daily consumption of 0.83 and 3.24g plant sterols in spread, respectively. Conclusions: The three relatively low dosages of plant sterols had a significant cholesterol lowering effect ranging from 4.9-6.8%, 6.7-9.9% and 6.5-7.9%, for total, LDL-cholesterol and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, respectively, without substantially affecting lipid soluble (pro)vitamins. No si,significant differences in cholesterol lowering effect between the three dosages of plant sterols could be detected. This study would support that consumption of about 1.6g of plant sterols per day will benefically affect plasma cholesterol concentrations without seriously affecting plasma carotenoid concentrations.
The lipid-lowering effect of once-daily soya drink fortified with phytosterols in normocholesterolaemic Chinese: a double-blind randomized controlled trial; Purpose Phytosterols reduce intestinal cholesterol absorption and help to lower LDL-cholesterol. Many Chinese adults are lactose-intolerant and cannot tolerate bovine milk enriched with phytosterol. Soya-milk is a common beverage in Asia and it has beneficial effects on general health. We therefore conducted a randomized double-blind controlled trial to assess the effectiveness of a phytosterols-enriched soya drink in lowering serum LDL-cholesterol level (primary outcome) and other cardiovascular parameters (secondary outcomes). Methods One hundred and fifty-nine normocholesterolaemic participants (85 men and 74 women; aged 19-79) were randomized to daily intake of one serving of phytosterols-enriched soya drink (N = 82), equivalent to 2 g of phytosterol per day, or a matched soya drink without phytosterols (N = 77) for 3 weeks. Adverse events, withdrawal and compliance were documented. Results Among the treatment group (N = 82), phytosterols-enriched soya drink significantly decreased LDL-cholesterol by 5.96% (SE 1.48, 95% CI - 8.91%, - 3.00%) with a median of 6.74% compared with baseline, resulting in a significant reduction of 4.70% (95% CI - 8.89%, - 0.51%; p = 0.028) with a median of 5.20% compared with placebo (N = 77). In contrast, there were no significant changes in other lipid parameters, blood glucose, blood pressure, body weight or waist circumference. Remarkably, 95% of the participants randomized to the fortified drink reported no adverse events at all. Conclusions Daily consumption of a phytosterols-enriched soya drink may be a simple and cost-neutral means of lowering LDL-cholesterol in individuals in China, with massive population and rising incidence of coronary heart disease (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02881658; date of registration: 14 Aug 2016).
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters and non-esterified stanols in margarine, butter and low-fat foods; Objectives: To determine the efficacy on plasma cholesterol-lowering of plant sterol esters or non-esterified stanols eaten within low-fat foods as well as margarine. Design: Randomised, controlled, single-blind study with sterol esters and non-esterified plant stanols provided in breakfast cereal, bread and spreads. Study 1 comprised 12 weeks during which sterol esters (2.4 g) and stanol (2.4 g) -containing foods were eaten during 4 week test periods of cross-over design following a 4 week control food period. In Study 2, in a random order cross-over design, a 50% dairy fat spread with or without 2.4 g sterol esters daily was tested. Subjects: Hypercholesterolaemic subjects; 22 in study 1 and 15 in study 2. Main outcome measures: Plasma lipids, plasma sterols, plasma carotenoids and tocopherols. Results: Study 1-median LDL cholesterol was reduced by the sterol esters (-13.6%; P < 0.001 by ANOVA on ranks, P < 0.05 by pain vise comparison) and by stanols (-8.3%; P = 0.003, ANOVA and < 0.05 pairwise comparison). With sterol esters plasma plant sterol levels rose (35% for sitosterol, 51% for campesterol; P < 0.001); plasma lathosterol rose 20% (P = 0.03), indicating compensatory increased cholesterol synthesis. With stanols, plasma sitosterol fell 22% (P = 0.004), indicating less cholesterol absorption. None of the four carotenoids measured in plasma changed significantly. In study 2, median LDL cholesterol rose 6.5% with dairy spread and fell 12.2% with the sitosterol ester fortified spread (P = 0.03 ANOVA and < 5% pairwise comparison). Conclusion: 1. Plant sterol esters and non-esterified stanols, two-thirds of which were incorporated into low-fat foods, contributed effectively to LDL cholesterol lowering, extending the range of potential foods. 2. The LDL cholesterol-raising effect of butter fat could be countered by including sterol esters. 3. Plasma carotenoids and tocopherols were not reduced in this study. Sponsorship: Meadow Lea Foods, Australia.
Supplementary feeding in the care of the wasted HIV infected patient; Wasting and food insecurity are commonly seen in patients receiving antiretroviral treatment (ART) programs in sub-Saharan Africa and south Asia, and supplementary feeding is often offered in conjunction with ART. Evidence for the effectiveness of such supplementary feeding is scant. A randomised, investigator-blinded, controlled clinical trial of two types of supplementary food, corn/ soy blended flour and a ready-to-use peanut butter-based lipid paste, in wasted adults in Blantyre, Malawi is described and the results summarised. A historical control group who did not receive supplementary food is described as well. Provision of about half of the daily energy requirement as a supplementary food for 14 weeks resulted in more rapid restoration of a normal BMI; and the energy-dense, ready-to-use paste was associated with more rapid weight gain than the blended flour. Survival was similar among the 3 groups. The strong association between lower BMI and survival indirectly suggests that there may well be clinical benefit from supplementary feeding in this population. No differences were seen in ART adherence or quality of life with more rapid restoration of BMI. Further research is urgently needed concerning the widespread practice of supplementary feeding in HIV/ AIDS care to most effectively utilize this intervention.
Effects of a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods vs lovastatin on serum lipids and C-reactive protein; Context To enhance the effectiveness of diet in lowering cholesterol, recommendations of the Adult Treatment Panel III of the National Cholesterol Education Program emphasize diets low in saturated fat together with plant sterols and viscous fibers, and the American Heart Association supports the use of soy protein and nuts. Objective To determine whether a diet containing all of these recommended food components leads to cholesterol reduction comparable with that of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins). Design Randomized controlled trial conducted between October and December 2002. Setting and Participants Forty-six healthy, hyperlipidemic adults (25 men and 21 postmenopausal women) with a mean (SE) age of 59 (1) years and body mass index of 27.6 (0.5), recruited from a Canadian hospital-affiliated nutrition research center and the community. Interventions Participants were randomly assigned to undergo 1 of 3 interventions on an outpatient basis for 1 month: a diet very low in saturated fat, based on milled whole-wheat cereals and low-fat dairy foods (n=16; control); the same diet plus lovastatin, 20 mg/d (n = 14); or a diet high in plant sterols (1.0 g/1000 kcal), soy protein (21.4 g/1000 kcal), viscous fibers (9.8 g/1000 kcal), and almonds (14 g/1000 kcal) (n=16; dietary portfolio). Main Outcome Measures Lipid and C-reactive protein levels, obtained from fasting blood samples; blood pressure; and body weight; measured at weeks 0, 2, and 4 and compared among the 3 treatment groups. Results The control, statin, and dietary portfolio groups had mean (SE) decreases in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol of 8.0% (2.1%) (P=.002), 30.9% (3.6%) (P<.001), and 28.6% (3.2%) (P<.001), respectively. Respective reductions in C-reactive protein were 10.0% (8.6%) (P=.27),33.3% (8.3%) (P=.002), and 28.2% (10.8%) (P=.02). The significant reductions in the statin and dietary portfolio groups were all significantly different from changes in the control group. There were no significant differences in efficacy between the statin and dietary portfolio treatments. Conclusion In this study, diversifying cholesterol-lowering components in the same dietary portfolio increased the effectiveness of diet as a treatment of hypercholesterolemia.
Serum lipid responses to phytosterol-enriched milk in a moderate hypercholesterolemic population is not affected by apolipoprotein E polymorphism or diameter of low-density lipoprotein particles; Background/Objectives: The importance of both low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc) size and the apolipoprotein E (Apo E) in the atherogenic process is known, but there is little information with regard to the effect of phytosterols (PS) on these parameters. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of PS on lipid profile and LDLc size according to Apo E genotype. Subjects/Methods: This was a randomized parallel trial employing 75 mild-hypercholesterolemic subjects and consisting of two 3-month intervention phases. After 3 months of receiving a standard healthy diet, subjects were divided into two intervention groups: a diet group (n = 34) and a diet+PS group (n = 41) that received 2 g/day of PS. Total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerols, LDLc, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc), non-HDLc, Apo A-I and B-100, LDLc size and Apo E genotype were determined. Results: Patients receiving PS exhibited a significant decrease in TC (5.1%), LDLc (8.1%), non-HDLc (7.4%) and Apo B-100/Apo A-I ratio (7.7%), but these effects did not depend on Apo E genotype. No significant changes were found in lipid profile according to Apo E genotype when patients following dietary recommendations were considered as a whole population or separately. No variations in LDLc size were observed in any of the intervention groups. Conclusion: The results of this study show that Apo E genotype does not have an impact on the lipid response to PS as a cholesterol-lowering agent in mild-hypercholesterolemic patients. Furthermore, the evidence obtained confirms that LDLc particle size is not modified when PS are added to a standard healthy diet. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2011) 65, 255-261; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2010.241; published online 3 November 2010
Effect of dairy supplementation on body composition and insulin resistance in mice; Objective: This study examined whether yogurt supplementation attenuated the weight gain and insulin resistance in mice fed a moderate-fat diet. Methods: Nine-week-old male mice (F1 BTBR X C57B/65) were housed individually for the duration of the study. After initial measurements of body weight and composition, mice were randomly assigned to receive one of two isocaloric diets (19.4% kcal protein, 45.5% kcal carbohydrate, and 35.1 % kcal fat). One diet was supplemented with dried yogurt powder (10.75 g/100 g of diet). In the first experiment, mice received the diets for 4 wk, after which body weight and body composition were reassessed. In the second experiment, an insulin tolerance test was performed at week 4 and glucose uptake in gonadal fat was assessed at week 5. Results: Baseline body weight was,not significantly different between control and yogurt mice (P = 0.85). Body weight and fat mass increased significantly over time (P < 0.001) and there was a significant effect of diet on the increase in body weight (P < 0.05) and fat mass (P < 0.001), with the yogurt mice gaining less weight and fat than the control mice. Food intake was not significantly affected by the yogurt supplementation (P = 0.906). Digestive efficiency was significantly lower in the yogurt mice (P < 0.05) due to greater fecal production (P < 0.01). There was no significant effect of diet on the glucose area under the curve during the insulin tolerance test (P = 0.24). Glucose uptake in the gonadal fat was significantly higher in the yogurt mice than in controls under basal (P < 0.05) and insulin-stimulated (P < 0.05) conditions. Conclusion: Yogurt supplementation resulted in less weight and fat gain in mice fed isocaloric diets due to a decrease in digestive efficiency. Yogurt also enhanced the uptake of glucose in fat but did not significantly improve insulin sensitivity. (C) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Medium-chain fatty acids lower postprandial lipemia: A randomized crossover trial; Epidemiological and interventional studies have linked saturated fatty acids (SFA) with elevated levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and increased CVD risk. However, the effects of the SFA chain length on postprandial lipemia in humans are not well elucidated. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of short, medium and long-chain SFA on postprandial blood lipids in healthy volunteers. Sixteen healthy volunteers consumed test biscuits containing 40 g of either butter (BB), coconut oil (CB) or lard (LB) in a single-blinded, randomized crossover design. Blood samples were collected fasting and 2, 3, 4, and 6 hours postprandially and assessed for blood lipids (total cholesterol, TC; high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, HDL-C; LDL-C and triglyceride, TG). The postprandial TG response following CB was 59.8% lower than following BB (p < 0.01) and 58.8% lower than LB (p < 0.01), although no difference was observed between the BB and the LB responses. The net area under the LDL-C concentration curve was significantly larger after consumption of the CB compared to the BB, despite no significant differences in postprandial net area under the TC and HDL-C concentration curves. Consumption of medium-chain SFA as CB resulted in lower postprandial TG excursions compared to short-chain SFA as BB and long-chain SFA as LB, despite their identical fat and caloric content. These results suggest that SFA differ in their potential to elevate postprandial lipid levels, and that coconut oil, a rich source of medium-chain SFA may not be as hyperlipidemic as animal fats rich in long chain SFA. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Placebo Effects on Stress, but Not on Pain Reports. A Multi-Experiment Study; Background Contextual factors, such as participant/experimenter sex may moderate the placebo effects. We tested whether the participant and experimenter sex modulated placebo effects on experimentally induced pain and associated stress. Objective To investigate if (i) participant sex and (ii) experimenter sex influence placebo analgesia and subjective and physiological stress in two experiments employing a within-subjects and a mixed design, respectively. Placebo effects were investigated in pain reports, stress, and blood pressure. Methods Participants received painful stimulations and a placebo cream. In Experiment One (N = 59) participants underwent a placebo condition (PC) and a natural history condition (NHC) in random order. A placebo cream was applied in the PC and then the heat stimulation temperature was surreptitiously lowered. Identical stimulations were administered in the NHC, but with no cream, no information, and no lowered temperature. In Experiment Two, participants (N = 93) were randomly assigned to three groups receiving either a placebo cream with surreptitiously lowered intensity of electric stimuli (Placebo, PG), a placebo cream (Cream-Control, CCG) without changing the stimuli, or lowered intensity, but with no cream (Pain-Control, PCG) in a mixed design. All participants in both experiments received the same stimuli in the post-test as in the pre-test. Four experimenters (two females) in Experiment One, and five experimenters (two females) in Experiment Two conducted the studies. Results No placebo effect was seen on pain. However, there were placebo effects on stress, moderated by participant and experimenter sex: in Experiment One males in the PC had lower diastolic blood pressure (DBP) compared to males in the NHC. Participants in the PC had lower DBP compared to the NHC when tested by a female. In Experiment Two, participants expected more cream effectiveness when a female experimenter administered it, and reported lower stress in the PG compared to the PCG when tested by females. Conclusion Our findings highlight a distinction between placebo effects on pain and on associated stress. Secondly, female experimenters recorded lower physiological and subjective stress, higher effectiveness expectations, and lower pain from both sexes compared to male experimenters. Possible reasons for the failure to find a pain placebo effect are discussed.
Plasma lathosterol measures rates of cholesterol synthesis and efficiency of dietary phytosterols in reducing the plasma cholesterol concentration; Objectives: Because the plasma campesterol/cholesterol ratio does not differ between groups that absorb different amounts of cholesterol, the authors investigated whether the plasma Phytosterols (PS) relate to the body's cholesterol synthesis rate measured as non-cholesterol sterol precursors (lathosterol). Method: The authors studied 38 non-obese volunteers (58 +/- 12 years; Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol - LDLC >= 130 mg/dL) randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk (Control phase) or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/ day) for four weeks in a double-blind, cross-over study. PS and lathosterol were measured in plasma by gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrophotometry. Results: PS treatment reduced plasma total cholesterol concentration (-5.5%, p < 0.001), LDL-C (-7.6%, p < 0.001), triglycerides (-13.6%, p < 0.0085), and apolipoprotein B (apo B) (-6.3%, p < 0.008), without changing high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C concentration), but plasma lathosterol, campesterol and sitosterol expressed per plasma cholesterol increased. Conclusions: The lathosterol-to-cholesterol plasma ratio predicted the plasma cholesterol response to PS feeding. The highest plasma lathosterol concentration during the control phase was associated with a lack of response of plasma cholesterol during the PS treatment period. Consequently, cholesterol synthesis in non-responders to dietary PS being elevated in the control phase indicates these cases resist to further synthesis rise, whereas responders to dietary PS, having in the control phase synthesis values lower than non-responders, expand synthesis on alimentary PS. Responders absorb more PS than non-responders, likely resulting from responders delivering into the intestinal lumen less endogenous cholesterol than non-responders do, thus facilitating greater intestinal absorption of PS shown as increased plasma PS concentration.
Effect of green tea on postprandial antioxidant capacity, serum lipids, C-reactive protein and glucose levels in patients with coronary artery disease; Cardiovascular risk factors have been identified in the postprandial state, particularly in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Tea consumption has been linked to cardiovascular risk reduction, but the beneficial effect of tea has not been investigated under postprandial conditions. The objective was to examine the effect of green tea on postprandial levels of plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC), serum lipids, C-reactive protein (CRP) and glucose in patients with CAD. In a randomized controlled, parallel design with 2 arms, 43 patients with CAD were assigned to consume breakfast consisting of bread, butter and 330 ml water or tea (4.5 g green tea/330 ml, providing approximately 400 mg catechins). Blood samples were drawn immediately before and 1.5, 3 and 5 h after breakfast. TAC was measured in plasma with the ferric reducing antioxidant power of plasma and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), triglycerides, glucose, CRP, uric acid and pancreatic lipase levels were measured in serum. Tested biomarkers did not differ between tea and water group at baseline, 1.5, 3 and 5 h (P > 0.05) postprandially. However, TAC increased 1.5 and 3 h after consumption of breakfast with tea (P < 0.005), but no change was observed after consumption of breakfast with water. Serum triglycerides levels significantly increased 3 h after breakfast with water (P = 0.031), but not after breakfast with tea. Serum uric acid decreased 1.5 h after breakfast with tea (P = 0.038). Pancreatic lipase, CRP, total cholesterol, HDL-C, LDL-C and glucose levels remained unchanged after breakfast with tea at any time point (P > 0.05). Tea consumption did not affect selected biomarkers at any postprandial time point in patients with CAD.
Effect of whole milk compared with skimmed milk on fasting blood lipids in healthy adults: a 3-week randomized crossover study; Background/objectives Dietary guidelines have for decades recommended choosing low-fat dairy products due to the high content of saturated fat in dairy known to increase blood concentration of LDL cholesterol. However, meta-analyses including observational studies show no association between overall dairy intake and risk of cardiovascular disease and even point to an inverse association with type 2 diabetes. The objective was to compare the effects of whole milk (3.5% fat) with skimmed milk (0.1% fat) on fasting serum blood lipids, insulin, and plasma glucose in healthy subjects. Subject/methods A randomized, controlled 2 x 3-week crossover dietary intervention in 18 healthy adults randomly assigned to a sequence of treatments consisting of 0.5 L/d of whole milk and skimmed milk as part of their habitual diet. A total of 17 subjects completed the intervention. Results Whole milk increased HDL cholesterol concentrations significantly compared to skimmed milk (P < 0.05). There were no significant differences between whole milk and skimmed milk in effects on total and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerol, insulin, and glucose concentrations. Conclusions Intake of 0.5 L/d of whole milk did not adversely affect fasting blood lipids, glucose, or insulin compared to skimmed milk. Moreover, intake of whole milk increased HDL cholesterol concentration compared to skimmed milk. These findings suggest that if the higher energy content is taken into account, whole milk might be considered a part of a healthy diet among the normocholesterolemic population.
Efficacy of B<sub>12</sub> Fortified Nutrient Bar and Yogurt in Improving Plasma B12 Concentrations-Results From 2 Double-Blind Randomized Placebo Controlled Trials; Background: Dietary vitamin B-12 (B-12) deficiency is common in Indians. Long-term compliance to tablet supplementation is poor in asymptomatic individuals. Objective: To study efficacy of B-12 fortified nutrient bar and yogurt in improving plasma B-12 concentrations in children and adults. Methods: Two double-blind, placebo-controlled directly observed therapy randomized controlled trials were conducted for 120 days: (1) Healthy children (10-13 years) were fed nutrient bar fortified with B-12 (2 mu g), multiple micronutrients B-12 (1.8 mu g) or placebo. (2) Healthy adults (18-50 years) were fed yogurt fortified with B-12 (2 mu g) or Propionibacterium (1 x 10(8) cfu/g) or placebo. B-12, folate, homocysteine, and hemoglobin concentrations were measured before and post intervention. Results: We randomized 164 children and 118 adults; adherence was 96% and 82%, respectively. In children, B-12 fortified bars increased B-12 concentrations significantly above baseline (B-12 alone +91 pmol/L, B-12+ multiple micronutrients +82 pmol/L) compared to placebo. In adults, B-12 fortified yogurt increased B-12 significantly (+38 pmol/L) but Propionibacterium and placebo did not. In both trials, homocysteine fell significantly with B-12 supplementation. Rise of B-12 and fall of homocysteine were influenced by dose of B-12 and folic acid. There was no significant difference in change of anthropometry and hemoglobin between groups. Conclusions: B-12 fortified foods are effective in improving B-12 status in Indian children and adults. They could be used to improve B-12 status in the national programs for children, adolescents, and women of reproductive age. They could also be used as over-the-counter products.
Conjugated linoleic acid supplementation in humans - Metabolic effects; Supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) induces a number of physiological effects in experimental animals, including reduced body fat content, decreased aortic lipid deposition, and improved serum lipid profile. Controlled trials on the effects of CLA in humans have hitherto been scarce. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of supplementation with CLA in healthy humans on anthropometric and metabolic variables and on the fatty acid composition of serum lipids and thrombocytes. Fifty-three healthy men and women, aged 23-63 yr, were randomly assigned to supplementation with CLA (4.2 g/d) or the same amount of olive oil during 12 wk in a double-blind fashion. The proportion of body fat decreased (-3.8%, P < 0.001) in the CLA-treated group, with a significant difference from the control group (P = 0.050). Body weight, body mass index, and sagittal abdominal diameter were unchanged. There were no major differences between the groups in serum lipoproteins, nonesterified fatty acids, plasma insulin, blood glucose, or plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1). In the CLA group the proportions of stearic, docosatetraenoic, and docosapentaenoic acids increased in serum lipids and thrombocytes, while proportions of palmitic, oleic, and di-homo-gamma -linolenic acids decreased, causing a decrease of the estimated Delta -6 and Delta -9 and an increase in the Delta -5 desaturase activities. These results suggest that supplementation with CLA may reduce the proportion of body fat in humans and that CLA affects fatty acid metabolism. No effects on body weight, serum lipids, glucose metabolism, or PAI-1 were seen.
INTAKE OF LOW-FAT FOODS IN A REPRESENTATIVE SAMPLE OF THE PARIS AREA - ANTHROPOMETRIC, NUTRITIONAL AND SOCIODEMOGRAPHIC CORRELATES; This epidemiological study compared consumers and non-consumers of several 'low-fat' foods typical of the French diet: skimmed milk, 'low-fat' butter, 'low-fat' cheese,'low-fat' yogurt. The population was selected at random from the Val de Marne, a district close to Paris, A sample of 741 people, aged 18-65 years (416 women, 325 men) agreed to report habitual intake according to the Dietary History Method. Many anthropometric differences appeared between female consumers and non-consumers of 'low-fat' foods. Consumers were slightly older and heavier as measured by the Body Mass Index (weight/height(2)) and had greater waist, hip and thigh circumference values. Women consumers ate less in terms of daily energy and various food choices: potatoes, pasta, rice, sugar. Intake differences were most apparent in the groups of younger women (18-29 years). The Vitamin and mineral density of the diet was greater in women consumers. Male consumers of 'low-fat' foods ingested less alcohol regardless of age, but they ate more chocolate, jam and honey. The vitamin and mineral density of their diet was also greater. The majority of men ate enough to meet recommended nutrient allowances. This was often not the case in women, and improving the nutritional density of their diet might yield long-term benefits.
Whey Protein Supplementation Does Not Affect Exercise Training-Induced Changes in Body Composition and Indices of Metabolic Syndrome in Middle-Aged Overweight and Obese Adults; Little is known about the effects of different quantities of whey protein on exercise training-induced changes in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults. Therefore, we examined the effects of consuming 0.8-MJ supplements with 0 (n = 126), 10 (n = 112), 20 (n = 44), or 30 (n = 45) g whey protein twice daily in conjunction with resistance (2 d/wk) and aerobic (1 d/wk) exercise training in a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, community-based 9-mo study in men (n = 117) and women (n = 210); (age: 48 +/- 7.9 y; BMI: 30.0 +/- 2.8 kg/m(2)). Whey protein supplementation did not influence any of the following outcomes, some of which were affected by training. Among all participants, strength increased by 15 +/- 12% (P < 0.001) and maximal oxygen uptake capacity (VO(2)max) increased by 9 +/- 15% (P < 0.001). Body weight was unchanged (0.1 +/- 3.7 kg, P = 0.80), lean body mass increased by 1.9 +/- 2.8% (0.95 +/- 1.3 kg, P < 0.001), and fat mass decreased by 2.6 +/- 9.4% (-0.86 +/- 3.1 kg, P = 0.001). Oral-glucose-tolerance testing showed that plasma glucose AUC was unchanged (-18.0 +/- 170 mmol/L . 3 h, P = 0.16), insulin AUC decreased by 2.6 +/- 32% (-7.5 +/- 29 nmol/L . 3 h, P = 0.01), and HOMA-IR (0.2 +/- 2.0, P = 0.81) and the insulin sensitivity index (0.3 +/- 3.0, P = 0.63) were unchanged. Plasma concentrations of TG; total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol; C-reactive protein; plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; blood pressure; and waist circumference were unchanged. Whey protein supplementation did not affect exercise training-induced responses in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults who maintained body weight. J. Nutr. 142: 1532-1539, 2012.
Association of BMI and nutritional habits with hypertension in the adult population of Croatia; Objective: The purpose of the present study was to investigate the distribution of hypertension, its nutritional and other determinants and their association in Croatia. Design: Population-based, cross-sectional study. Setting: Croatia. Subjects: Representative random sample of 9070 adults (18 years and older) from all Croatian regions, selected using multistage sampling. Results: Overall prevalence of hypertension (arterial blood pressure >= 140/90 mmHg) in Croatia was 45.5%, of which 40% were newly diagnosed hypertensives. There was no difference in the percentage of hypertensives between the continental and Mediterranean parts of Croatia. Newly diagnosed hypertension was found to be positively associated with increased BMI, age and alcohol consumption in the total sample and with moderate consumption of coffee in women, as well as inversely associated with regular consumption of fruits and vegetables in the total sample and high consumption of coffee in the total sample and in men. No association with newly diagnosed hypertension was recorded for use of animal fat consumption of whole milk, smoked meat products, for adding salt, smoking and leisure-time physical activity. Conclusions: Hypertension is a major public health problem in both continental and Mediterranean parts of Croatia. Maintenance of normal body mass, its reduction if already increased, and regular consumption of fruits and vegetables are proposed as priorities for primary prevention of hypertension in Croatia.
Supplementation of prebiotics to a whey-based beverage reduces the risk of hypercholesterolaemia in rats; Fructooligosaccharide-supplemented whey drinks may have potential as an interventional strategy for lowering cholesterol and triglyceride levels in dyslipidaemic conditions. A bioefficacy study was conducted in normal, hypercholesterolaemic and hyperglycaemic Sprague Dawley rats, running two consecutive trials for validity of results. Control drink (T-0), whey drink (T-1) and whey drink supplemented with 1.5% fructooligosaccharides (T-4), were given to each group. The functional drink caused a significant reduction in serum total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides, and an increase in high density lipoprotein. The greatest decline in total cholesterol was induced by T-4 (10.9% and 12.0% in hypercholesterolaemic rats and 7.0% and 7.7% in hyperglycaemic rats, for trials 1 and 2, respectively). The decrease in total cholesterol by T-4 was mainly due to a pronounced decrease in LDL cholesterol (14.7% and 16.1% in hypercholesterolaemic rats and 7.4% and 8.1% in hyperglycaemic rats for trials 1 and 2, respectively). (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of soy protein in normocholesterolemic and hypercholesterolemic men; Cardiovascular heart disease is a major health problem in the United States. Elevated blood cholesterol has been shown to significantly increase the risk of cardiovascular heart disease. The National Cholesterol Educational Program (NCEP) Step I diet, which restricts fat and cholesterol intakes, is usually recommended as the initial treatment to lower blood cholesterol. Soy protein has been shown to be hypocholesterolemic, particularly in hypercholesterolemic subjects. However, the hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein in subjects with a blood total cholesterol concentration <5.17 mmol/L is not clear. To determine whether soy protein could enhance the hypocholesterolemic effect of the NCEP Step I diet, 13 normocholesterolemic and 13 hypercholesterolemic men aged 20-50 y were enrolled in a randomized, 2-part, crossover study. Subjects were fed either an NCEP Step I soy-protein diet or an NCEP Step I animal protein diet for 5 wk. After a washout period of 10-15 wk, the subjects were fed the alternate diet for 5 wk. The hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein was found to be independent of age, body weight, pretreatment plasma lipid concentrations, and sequence of dietary treatment. Regardless of plasma lipid status, the soy-protein diet was associated with a statistically significant decrease in the plasma concentrations of LDL cholesterol (P = 0.029) as well as the in the ratio of plasma LDL cholesterol to HDL cholesterol (P = 0.005). Our results indicate that soy protein enhances the hypocholesterolemic effect of the NCEP Step I diet in both normocholesterolemic and hypercholesterolemic men.
Oats and soy in lipid-lowering diets for women with hypercholesterolemia: Is there synergy?; Objectives To study possible synergistic effects of oats and soy on reducing total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations in human beings and the efficacy and feasibility of including these adjustments to a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet. Subject/setting One hundred twenty-seven postmenopausal women with moderate hypercholesterolemia were recruited from a large Midwestern workforce and senior centers in the surrounding community. Intervention and clinical visits were conducted in these same facilities. Design After a 3-week lead-in period on the Step I diet, participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 dietary treatments for an additional 6 weeks: an oats/milk group, a wheat/soy group, an oats/soy group, and a wheat/milk group. Clinical measurements included blood draws, body weight and height, blood pressure, and medical history data. Three-day food records were collected at baseline and Weeks 3 and 9 of the intervention. Randomization was stratified based on the status of hormone replacement therapy and was blocked with sizes 4 or 8 for group assignment. Results After 3 weeks on the Step I diet, total cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglyceride levels; total fat and saturated fat intake, dietary cholesterol intake, Keys score, and body mass index were all reduced. Following an additional 6 weeks on the Step I diet: plus intervention, total cholesterol and LDL-C were further reduced for both the oats/soy group and oats/milk group. There were no significant further changes hr total cholesterol, LDL-C, or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in the wheat/soy and wheat/milk groups. Body mass index remained stable in all groups from Week 3 to Week 9. Applications Nonpharmacologic dietary interventions like the Step I diet are feasible in a community setting and can produce rapid and significant lipid-lowering benefits. Daily consumption of 2 servings of oats can contribute to further lipid alterations in this population although soy intake at this dose may not. Palatability and convenience are important considerations in achieving dietary adherence.
Intake occasion affects the serum cholesterol lowering of a plant sterol-enriched single-dose yoghurt drink in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects; Objective: To determine the impact of intake occasion ( with or without a meal), and product fat level on the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a plant sterol ( PS)-enriched ( 3 g/day) single-dose yoghurt drink. Design: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel study with a 4 weeks run-in and 4 weeks intervention period. Setting: Subjects recruited from the general community. Subjects: A total of 184 moderate hypercholesterolaemic subjects ( 81 men and 103 women) ( age 5772 years) completed the study. Interventions: The study product was a 100-g single-dose yoghurt drink with or without added PS in the form of PS esters. The subjects were randomly assigned to one of five 4-week treatments: (i) drink A (0.1% dairy fat, 2.2% total fat) with a meal, (ii) drink A without a meal, (iii) drink B (1.5% dairy fat, 3.3% total fat) with a meal, (iv) drink B without a meal and ( v) placebo drink with a meal. Results: LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) was significantly lowered when the single-dose drink was taken with a meal independent of its fat content ( drink A: - 9.5% (P<0.001, 95% CI: - 13.8 to - 5.2); drink B: - 9.3% ( P<0.001, 95% CI: - 13.7 to - 4.9)) as compared to placebo. When consumed without a meal, LDL-C was also significantly decreased ( drink A: - 5.1% (P<0.05, 95% CI: - 9.4 to - 0.8); drink B: - 6.9% (P<0.01, 95% CI: - 11.3 to - 2.5) as compared to placebo, however the effect was significantly smaller as compared to the intake with a meal. Conclusion: These results indicate that a PS-ester-enriched single-dose yoghurt drink effectively reduces LDL-C irrespective of the fat content of the product. A substantially larger decrease in serum cholesterol concentration was achieved when the single-dose drink was consumed with a meal emphasizing the importance of the intake occasion for optimal cholesterol-lowering efficacy.
The Effects of Synbiotic Supplementation on Body Mass Index, Metabolic and Inflammatory Biomarkers, and Appetite in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Triple-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; It has been shown recently that metabolic syndrome is associated with gut dysbiosis. The gut microbiota may be the main target for prevention or treatment of metabolic syndrome. We investigated the effects of synbiotic supplementation on metabolic syndrome. In this triple-blinded clinical trial, 46 Iranian patients with metabolic syndrome, from both sexes, aged 25-70 years, who fulfilled inclusion criteria were randomly categorized to receive either the synbiotic or a placebo capsule, twice a day for three months, plus a weight-loss diet using stratified random sampling based on body mass index (BMI). Each synbiotic capsule consisted of seven strains probiotic bacteria (2x 10(8)) plus fructooligosaccharide as a prebiotic. Anthropometric measurements and biochemical tests were assessed at baseline and at the end of week 12 for fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin, lipid profile, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), peptide YY (PYY), and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1). The mean changes of weight, BMI, FBS, insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and GLP-1 between the two groups was statistically significant (p < .001). Furthermore, peptide YY (PYY) increased significantly in the synbiotic group (p <= .05). The trend of weight loss in the synbiotic group was significant until the end of the study (p < .001) while it stopped at week 6 in the placebo group. Synbiotic treatment may improve the status of BMI, FBS, insulin resistance, HOMA-IR, GLP-1, and PYY in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Impact of beverage intake on metabolic and cardiovascular health; This review is based on a presentation that was made at a meeting concerning hydration. It summarizes the epidemiological evidence for selected beverages in relation to cardiovascular and/or metabolic health. The review focuses on tea, cocoa, milk, orange juice, alcohol, and beverages sweetened with sugars. These beverage types were chosen because of their widespread consumption, with tea, cocoa, orange juice, and milk being of potential benefit while alcohol and sugars may be detrimental. There is reasonably consistent evidence of reduced risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in association with high consumption of tea, with the tea flavonoids appearing to be responsible for these benefits. There is also a growing evidence base for cocoa flavanols to have beneficial cardiovascular effects. The bulk of the evidence supporting these conclusions is epidemiological and needs to be confirmed with randomized controlled trials. Milk is associated with reduced risk of CVD, particularly in relation to blood pressure, with certain milk tripeptides being implicated in having effects to reduce angiotensin action. Further work is needed to confirm these potentially beneficial effects. There is some evidence of potentially beneficial effects of orange juice on aspects of cardiovascular function, but this is by no means convincing, and further evidence is needed from randomized controlled trials, together with the elucidation of whether any benefits are linked to the citrus flavanones or simply to the vitamin C content. While there is some evidence that red wine may convey some health benefits, there is also clear evidence that alcoholic beverages can have undesirable effects on blood pressure and increase the risk of CVD. It is possible that low to moderate intakes of alcoholic beverages may be beneficial. There is some evidence that beverages sweetened with sugars may contribute to increased energy intake and weight gain, and there is also an indication from longitudinal cohort studies that they are associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The mechanism of this latter association has not been explained. In conclusion, there is a substantial amount of epidemiological evidence for benefits of tea and cocoa in relation to cardiovascular health. There is a growing literature describing randomized controlled trials, but more evidence is needed. Potential cardiovascular and metabolic health benefits of milk and orange juice needs further investigation. The associations of higher alcohol intakes and consumption of beverages sweetened with sugars and their increased health risks are of concern, and more attention should be focused on this area.
High-calcium milk prevents overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women; Background. The Sixth National Nutrition Survey 2003 revealed that the highest prevalence of overweight and obesity among Filipino female adults (30.8%) was found in the age group from 40 to 59 years. Obesity is associated with a number of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. Low calcium intake has been identified as a potential contributing factor to overweight and obesity. Objective. To assess the effect of a high-calcium, fortified, low-fat milk drink with added vitamin D versus a low-calcium placebo drink on anthropometric measurements of postmenopausal women. Methods. Women who were at least 5 years postmenopausal were invited to participate in the study. Potential participants underwent three stages of screening: initial interview, dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and blood testing for biochemical screening. Anthropometric indices were measured at baseline and the end of the study Sixty women were qualified to participate in the study. The women were randomly assigned to two groups, one of which received 400 ml of the high-calcium milk daily for 16 weeks while the other received the placebo drink. Results. No significant increases were observed in the anthropometric indices of the subjects receiving the high-calcium fortified milk at the end of the study. However, there were significant increases in the weight (p = .008), body mass index (p = .007), and waist (p = .018) and hip (p = .003) circumferences of the subjects receiving the placebo drink. Conclusions. A change in dietary calcium intake may be a useful measure as part of an overall approach to prevent the occurrence of overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women.
Effects of the intake of dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in a sample of postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome: a randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Introduction: metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women can improve with a healthy diet. Objectives: to evaluate whether a dietary intervention with dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids increases selenium plasma levels and improves cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome. Material and methods: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled clinical trial carried out in GP surgeries. Recruitment: April 2018, 46 postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome who were frequent dairy consumers. Randomization: 23 in control group and 23 in experimental group. Intervention: consumption of dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (milk, yogurt, fresh cheese) for three months. Controls took conventional dairy. Primary endpoint: plasma selenium levels; secondary endpoints: metabolic syndrome criteria. Registration number 2018/256, Galicia Ethics Committee. Results: in all, 23 women in the control group and 21 in the intervention group completed the trial. Selenium increased in the intervention group (7.2 mu g/L, 95 % CI, 3.7/10.8) compared to the control group (-4.5 mu g/L, 95 % CI, -8/-1) (p < 0.001) and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased (-2.3 mg/dL, 95 % CI, -5.6/1) compared to the control group (1.9 mg/dL, 95 % CI, -0.7/4.5) (p = 0.043). Waist circumference (p = 0.010), body mass index (p = 0.047) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < 0.001) in the experimental group improved in comparison to baseline measurements. Conclusions: an intervention with dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 in a sample of postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome can improve plasma selenium levels and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Safety and Tolerability of Targeted Medical Nutrition for Cachexia in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Controlled Pilot Trial; Background: This pilot, double-blind, comparator-controlled trial evaluated the safety and tolerability of an oral targeted medical nutrition (TMN) supplement for the management of cachexia in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Patients receiving first-line chemotherapy for NSCLC with weight loss or low BMI were randomized 1:1 to receive juice-based TMN (similar to 200 kcal; 10 g whey protein; >= 2.0 g eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid in fish oil; and 10 mu g 25-hydroxy-vitamin D3) or a milk-based isocaloric comparator twice daily for 12 weeks (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02515032). Primary endpoints included number/type of adverse events and changes in vital signs/laboratory parameters. Secondary endpoints included measures of clinical relevance. Survival was an exploratory endpoint. Results: The TMN group (n = 26; mean 64.4 years) experienced fewer adverse events (64 vs. 87) than the comparator group (n = 29; mean 66.0 years), including fewer cases of neutropenia (0 vs. 4). Compliance was slightly lower in the TMN (58.5%) vs. comparator group (73.6%). There were no statistically significant between-group differences in efficacy endpoints. Fewer (4 vs. 10) patients who received TMN than comparator had died by 1-year post baseline. Conclusions: TMN was well tolerated. Trends for improved clinical outcomes with TMN identified in this study warrant further investigation.
Human milk cholesterol is associated with lactation stage and maternal plasma cholesterol in Chinese populations; Background Milk cholesterol concentrations throughout lactation were analyzed, and the relationship between maternal plasma cholesterol and milk cholesterol in various Chinese populations was examined. Methods A sub-sample of 1138 lactating women was randomly selected from a large cross-sectional study in China (n = 6481). Milk cholesterol concentrations were determined by HPLC, and concentrations of maternal plasma lipids were determined by an automated biochemical analyzer. Results The mean cholesterol concentrations were 200, 171, and 126 mg/L for colostrum, transitional milk, and mature milk, respectively. Cholesterol concentrations differed significantly between stages of lactation (colostrum vs. transitional milk, colostrum vs. mature milk, transitional milk vs. mature milk, all p < 0.001). Concentrations of maternal plasma total cholesterol (TC) (p = 0.02) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (p = 0.03) were significantly associated with milk cholesterol. Milk cholesterol concentrations varied among different ethnicities (Tibetan vs. Hui: 164 vs. 131 mg/L, p = 0.027) but not among different geographic regions. Conclusions The concentration of cholesterol in human milk changes dynamically throughout lactation. Milk cholesterol concentrations are significantly associated with maternal plasma concentrations of TC and LDL-C, and milk cholesterol concentrations vary across ethnicities in China. Impact Concentrations of milk cholesterol were measured in various Chinese populations. Cholesterol concentrations differ significantly between stages of lactation. Maternal plasma total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol are associated with milk cholesterol. Milk cholesterol concentrations vary across ethnicities in China.
Water dispersible plant sterol formulation shows improved effect on lipid profile compared to plant sterol esters; While the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterols (PS) is known, issues surrounding reduced PS solubility of some dietary formulations remain to be elucidated. This study determined the efficacy of a water dispersible formulation of free plant sterols (WD-PS) versus plant sterol esters (PS-esters). Forty-seven mild-to-moderately hypercholesterolemic individuals in a randomized, crossover study were provided for 4 wk with a single-dose daily regimen of PS-enriched yogurt (2 g/d of PS from WD-PS or PS-esters) or placebo. Yogurt enriched with WD-PS or PS-esters induced similar decreases in serum total (7.7% and 6.3%, respectively) and LDL cholesterol levels (11.7% and 11.6%, respectively), as percentage relative to the control (p < 0.001; all). Ratios of total to HDL cholesterol and non-HDL to HDL cholesterol decreased more (p < 0.05) with WD-PS (10.6% and 15.2%, respectively) than with PS-esters (7.0% and 10.8%, respectively) compared with control. Consumption of WD-PS reduced serum triglyceride levels (13.9%, p < 0.05) compared to consumption of PS-esters (0.6%). Both WD-PS and PS-esters contributed effectively to LDL cholesterol lowering, however, the formulation of WD-PS yield additional effects on preventing cardiovascular diseases by improving serum TG and the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of dietary sodium intake on blood lipids - Results from the DASH-Sodium trial; We evaluated the effect on serum lipids of sodium intake in 2 diets. Participants were randomly assigned to a typical American control diet or the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, each prepared with 3 levels of sodium (targeted at 50, 100, and 150 mmol/d per 2100 kcal). The DASH diet is increased in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and is reduced in saturated and total fat. Within assigned diet, participants ate each sodium level for 30 days. The order of sodium intake was random. Participants were 390 adults, age 22 years or older, with blood pressure of 120 to 159 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. Serum lipids were measured at baseline and at the end of each sodium period. Within each diet, sodium intake did not significantly affect serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, or triglycerides. On the control diet, the ratio of total cholesterol-to-HDL cholesterol increased by 2% from 4.53 on higher sodium to 4.63 on lower sodium intake (P=0.04). On the DASH diet, sodium intake did not affect this ratio. There was no dose-response of sodium intake on serum lipids or the cholesterol ratio in either diet. At each sodium level, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were lower on the DASH diet versus the typical American diet. There were no significant interactions between the effects of sodium and the DASH diet on serum lipids. In conclusion, changes in dietary sodium intake over the range of 50 to 150 mmol/d did not affect blood lipid concentrations.
The Potential Role of Probiotics or/and Prebiotic on Serum Lipid Profile and Insulin Resistance in Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Double Blind Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic disease linked to insulin resistance and fatty acid synthesis. Insulin resistance plays an important role in the pathogenesis of NAFLD causing multiple lipid metabolism disorders. Supplementing probiotics and prebiotics is a complementary therapy in obesity-related disorders, including dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic and prebiotic supplementation on serum lipid profile and insulin resistance in patients with NAFLD. Materials and Methods: In this study, 84 subjects were divided into 4 groups. The first group received probiotic capsules (B.L and L. A: 2*107 CFU/d) and placebo of prebiotic (maltodextrin powder), the second group received prebiotic as sachet (inulin HP: 10 g/d) and placebo of probiotic (fat-and lactose-free milk capsules), the third group received probiotic and prebiotic, and the fourth group received a placebo of probiotic and prebiotic, for 3 months. Anthropometric characteristics, insulin resistance biomarkers and lipid profile were measured for all patients before and after the intervention. The primary outcome of the study was the Homeostasis model of assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) level. The remaining variables (i.e., glucose, insulin, TC, TG, HDL, LDL, weight and BMI changes) were considered represent secondary outcomes. Results: Results showed that probiotic consumption was able to decrease BMI and weight in all the intervention groups in comparison to the placebo group. The serum levels of HDL and LDL differed significantly in the probiotic and pro-and prebiotic groups in comparison to the placebo group. In addition, there were no statistically significant reduction in TC, glucose, insulin levels and HOMA-IR in the intervention groups in comparison to the placebo group. Based on the analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) test, there were significant differences in HDL (P = 0.005) and LDL (P = 0.028) serum levels between the groups at the end of the study. Conclusion: Probiotic and prebiotic supplementation may be effective in improving serum lipid profile and insulin resistance markers in patients diagnosed with NAFLD.
The Role of Bovine and Non-Bovine Milk in Cardiometabolic Health: Should We Raise the "Baa"?; Although causality is yet to be confirmed, a considerable volume of research has explored the relationships between cow milk consumption, type II diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Contrastingly, it has not been comprehensively examined whether milk of non-bovine origin can provide cardiometabolic protection. This narrative review outlines the marked differences in macronutrient composition, particularly protein and lipid content, and discusses how whole milk product (and individual milk ingredients) from different species could impact cardiometabolic health. There is some data, although primarily from compositional analyses, animal studies, and acute clinical trials, that non-bovine milk (notably sheep and goat milk) could be a viable substitute to cow milk for the maintenance, or enhancement, of cardiometabolic health. With a high content of medium-chain triglycerides, conjugated linoleic acid, leucine, and essential minerals, sheep milk could assist in the prevention of metabolic-related disorders. Similarly, albeit with a lower content of such functional compounds relative to sheep milk, goat and buffalo milk could be plausible counterparts to cow milk. However, the evidence required to generate nutritional recommendations for 'non-bovine milk' is currently lacking. Longer-term randomised controlled trials must assess how the bioactive ingredients of different species' milks collectively influence biomarkers of, and subsequently incidence of, cardiometabolic health.
Effect of dairy consumption on weight and body composition in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; BACKGROUND: Although several observational and experimental studies have investigated the effect of dairy consumption on weight and body composition, results are inconsistent. OBJECTIVE: This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to summarize the published evidence from randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs) regarding the effect of dairy consumption on weight, body fat mass, lean mass and waist circumference (WC) in adults. DESIGN: PubMed, ISI Web of Science, SCOPUS, Science Direct and EMBASE were searched from January 1960 to October 2011 for relevant English and non-English publications. Sixteen studies were selected for the systematic review and fourteen studies were included in meta-analysis. RESULTS: Our search led to 14, 12, 6 and 8 eligible RCTs that had data on weight, body fat mass, lean mass and WC, respectively. Overall, mean difference for the effect of dairy on body weight was -0.61 kg (95% confidence interval (CI): -1.29, 0.07, P=0.08). Increased dairy intake resulted in 0.72 kg (95% CI: -1.29, -0.14, P=0.01) greater reduction in fat mass, 0.58 kg (95% CI: 0.18, 0.99, P<0.01) gain in lean mass and 2.19 cm (95% CI: -3.42, -0.96, P-value <0.001) further reduction in WC than that in controls. Subgroup analysis revealed that increasing dairy intake without energy restriction in both intervention and control groups does not significantly affect weight, body fat mass, lean mass and WC; consumption of high-dairy weight loss diets led to 1.29 kg (95% CI: -1.98, -0.6, P<0.001) greater weight loss, 1.11 kg (95% CI: -1.75, -0.47, P=0.001) greater reduction in body fat mass, 0.72 kg (95% CI: 0.12, 1.32, P=0.02) gain in body lean mass and 2.43 cm (95% CI: -3.42, -1.44, P<0.001) additional reduction in WC compared with controls. CONCLUSION: Increased dairy consumption without energy restriction might not lead to a significant change in weight or body composition; whereas inclusion of dairy products in energy-restricted weight loss diets significantly affects weight, body fat mass, lean mass and WC compared with that in the usual weight loss diets. International Journal of Obesity (2012) 36, 1485-1493; doi:10.1038/ijo.2011.269; published online 17 January 2012
Bioactive Yoghurt Containing Curcumin and Chlorogenic Acid Reduces Inflammation in Postmenopausal Women; Menopause is marked by a gradual and permanent decrease of estrogen from the ovaries, leading to metabolic and physiological changes in the body. Combined with increased body mass index, postmenopausal women have elevated systemic inflammation and metabolic disturbances leading to increased risk of developing chronic diseases. A bioactive coconut yoghurt containing curcumin and chlorogenic acid was developed with the potential to target inflammatory processes. In this randomized crossover study, healthy postmenopausal women with a BMI of 25-40 were recruited to consume 125 g of either the bioactive or placebo yoghurt. Blood samples were collected at baseline, 30 min, and 1, 2, 3 and 4 h postprandially. Plasma inflammatory markers (TNF alpha and IL6) and metabolic markers (triglycerides, insulin and glucose) were measured. Participants had significantly lower plasma TNF alpha C-max after consumption of the bioactive yoghurt compared to placebo (mean difference = 0.3 pg/mL; p = 0.04). Additionally, plasma TNF alpha was significantly lower postprandially compared to baseline after consumption of the bioactive yogurt but not the placebo. No differences were observed in the metabolic markers measured. Conclusions: The bioactive yoghurt fortified with curcumin and chlorogenic acid has the potential to reduce inflammatory mediators; however, a larger and longer-term study is required to confirm these findings.
Therapeutic Effects of Milk Thistle (<i>Silybum marianum</i> L.) and Artichoke (<i>Cynara scolymus</i> L.) on Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Type 2 Diabetic Rats; Background. At present, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) does not have an approved pharmacologic therapy. The present study investigated the protective effects and possible mechanisms of milk thistle (Silybum marianum L.) and artichoke (Cynara scolymus L.) in treating NAFLD in type 2 diabetic rats. Methods. The NAFLD was established in rats after four weeks of type 2 diabetes induction. The animals were treated with pharmaceutical preparations of milk thistle (Livergol (R)) and artichoke (Atheromod-B (R)) extracts for eight weeks. After the end of the intervention, oral glucose tolerance, the serum parameters of oxidative stress, liver functional tests, and lipid profiles were evaluated. Histopathological changes were assessed by hematoxylin and eosin staining. Results. Treatment with preparations of milk thistle and artichoke nonsignificantly improved glucose tolerance in diabetic rats. Both preparations significantly improved serum superoxide dismutase activity and the level of malondialdehyde. Although treatment with milk thistle reduced serum activity of aspartate aminotransferase and serum levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, artichoke extracts only attenuated the serum level of TG. Milk thistle also effectively protected the liver from histological changes. Conclusions. Milk thistle could be a promising pharmacological option for the treatment of NAFLD. Nonetheless, long-term randomized clinical trials are necessary to confirm the observed results.
The effects of phytosterol in low fat milk on serum lipid levels among mildmoderately hypercholesterolemic subjects; One of the most important risk factors for CHD is dyslipidemia, among others hypercholesterolemia or high LDL-cholesterol. Plantsterols or phytosterols (PS) are among dietary factors known to lower blood cholesterol as part of therapeutic life-style changes diet. This study was aimed to evaluate the effect of PS properly solubilized in a-partly vegetable oil-filled low fat milk, on serum lipid levels in mild-moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects. Randomized, two-arm parallel control group trial was conducted at Department of Nutrition-University of Indonesia in Jakarta from June to November 2006. Each subject was randomly assigned to receive dietary lifestyle changes counseling plus 1.2 g phytosterol/day in low-fat milk (PS-group) or control group receiving the counseling alone for six weeks period. There were no significant changes of serum total and LDL-cholesterol of control group after a six week of dietary counseling (respectively 218.3 +/- 18.6 mg/dL to 219.6 +/- 24.3 mg/dL and 164.7 +/- 21.8 mg/dL to 160.0 +/- 26.4 mg/dL). There were a significant decreases of serum total and LDL-cholesterol ( respectively p=0.01 and p=0.004) among subjects receiving PS after a six weeks observation period (respectively 233.5 +/- 24.6 mg/dL to 211.2 +/- 30.3 mg/dL and 176.9 +/- 24.7 mg/dL to 154.5 +/- 24.3 mg/dL). There was a significant difference in the LDL-lowering effects (p=0.024) among the PS-group after a six weeks (22.4 +/- 27.9 mg/dL) as compared to the control group (4.7 +/- 17.2 mg/dL). No significant changes were found on serum HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride levels in both groups. Although there was no significant difference found in daily nutrients intake between the-2 groups, however, significant reductions in body weight, body mass index and waist circumference were found only in the PS group (p=0.000; 0.000; 0.003, respectively). It is concluded that the lowering of total and LDL-cholesterol in those receiving life-style changes counseling plus 1.2 g PS daily for six weeks was significantly higher as compared to those of receiving counseling alone.
Safety aspects and cholesterol-lowering efficacy of low fat dairy products containing plant sterols; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate whether a plant sterol mixture would reduce serum cholesterol when added to low fat dairy products in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia, and to examine the effects of the mixture on the serum plant sterol and fat-soluble vitamin levels. Design: A parallel, double-blind study. Setting: The study was performed in three different locations in Finland. Subjects: In total, 164 mildly or moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects participated in the study. Methods: The subjects were randomly divided into two groups: a plant sterol group and a control group. The subjects consumed the products for 6 weeks after a 3-weekrun-in period. The targeted plant sterol intake was 2 g/day in the sterol group. Results: During the treatment period, there was a 6.5% reduction in serum total cholesterol in the sterol group while no change was observed in the control group (P < 0.0005). Serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was reduced by 10.4% in the sterol group and by 0.6% in the control group (P < 0.00005). There was no change during the trial in serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations. The HDL/LDL cholesterol ratio increased by 16.1% in the sterol group and by 4.3% in the control group (P=0.0001). Serum plant sterol levels increased significantly (P=0.0001) in the sterol group. None of the fat-soluble vitamin levels decreased significantly when changes in serum total cholesterol were taken into account. The hypocholesterolaemic effect of sterol administration was not influenced by apolipoprotein E phenotype. Conclusions: Yoghurt, low-fat hard cheese and low-fat fresh cheese enriched with a plant sterol mixture reduced serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolaemic subjects and no adverse effects were noted in the dietary control of hypercholesterolaemia.
Placental Transfusion Strategies in Very Preterm Neonates <i>A Systematic Review and Meta</i>-<i>analysis</i>; OBJECTIVE:To investigate the effects of interventions promoting placental transfusion at delivery (delayed cord clamping or umbilical cord milking) compared with early cord clamping on outcomes among premature neonates of less than 32 weeks of gestation.DATA SOURCES:A systematic search was conducted of PubMed, Embase, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases (January 1965 to December 2013) for articles relating to placental transfusion strategies in very preterm neonates.METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION:Literature searches returned 369 articles with 82 considered in full. We only included data from studies with an average gestational age of less than 32 weeks of gestation enrolled in randomized trials of enhanced placental-fetal transfusion interventions (delayed cord clamping or umbilical cord milking) compared with early cord clamping.TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS:We identified 12 eligible studies describing a total of 531 neonates with an average gestation of 28 weeks. Benefits of greater placental transfusion were decreased mortality (eight studies, risk ratio 0.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.19-0.95, 3.4% compared with 9.3%, P=.04), lower incidence of blood transfusions (six studies, risk ratio 0.75, 95% CI 0.63-0.92, 49.3% compared with 66%, P<.01), and lower incidence of intraventricular hemorrhage (nine studies, risk ratio 0.62, 95% CI 0.43-0.91, 16.7% compared with 27.3%, P=.01). There was a weighted mean difference of -1.14 blood transfusions (six studies, 95% CI -2.01-0.27, P<.01) and a 3.24-mmHg increase in blood pressure at 4 hours of life (four studies, 95% CI 1.76-4.72, P<.01). No differences were observed between the groups across all available safety measures (5-minute Apgar scores, admission temperature, incidence of delivery room intubation, peak serum bilirubin levels).CONCLUSIONS:Results of this meta-analysis suggest that enhanced placental transfusion (delayed umbilical cord clamping or umbilical cord milking) at birth provides better neonatal outcomes than does early cord clamping, most notably reductions in overall mortality, lower risk of intraventricular hemorrhage, and decreased blood transfusion incidence. The optimal umbilical cord clamping practice among neonates requiring immediate resuscitation remains uncertain.
Effect of soybean protein on novel cardiovascular disease risk factors: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in the United States and the world. Clinical trials have suggested that soybean protein lowers lipids and blood pressure. The effect of soybean protein on novel CVD risk factors has not been well studied. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of soybean protein on biomarkers of inflammation, endothelial dysfunction and adipocytokines. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The effect of 8 weeks of 40 g of soybean. protein supplement (89.3 mg isoflavones), 40 g of milk protein supplement and 40 g of complex carbohydrate placebo was examined in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, three-phase crossover trial among adults in New Orleans, Louisiana and Jackson, Mississippi. Plasma levels of inflammation biomarkers (C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha), endothelial dysfunction biomarkers (E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, thrombomodulin) and adipocytokines (high-molecular weight adiponectin, leptin, resistin) were measured at baseline and at the end of each intervention using immunoturbidimetric and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay techniques. RESULTS: Soy protein supplementation resulted in a significant mean net change (95% confidence interval) in plasma E-selectin of -3.93 ng/ml (-7.05 to -0.81 ng/ml; P=0.014) compared with milk protein, and in plasma leptin of -2089.8 pg/ml (-3689.3 to -490.3 pg/ml; P=0.011) compared with carbohydrate. There were no significant changes in any other risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Soy protein supplementation may reduce levels of E-selectin and leptin. Further research is warranted to investigate the mechanisms through which protein may confer protective effects on novel CVD risk factors. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2013) 67, 58-63; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2012.186; published online 28 November 2012
Randomized, double blind placebo-controlled pilot study of the antihypertensive effects of Grana Padano DOP cheese consumption in mild - moderate hypertensive subjects; OBJECTIVE: Grana Padano, an Italian protected designation of origin (PDO) semi-fat cheese, undergoes a long ripening period during which the proteolysis carried out by natural starter lactic acid bacteria releases peptides having sustained angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibitory activity. The length (generally 3-8 amino acid residues) and the sequence of these peptides are responsible for their ability to elicit ACE-inhibitory activity. The aim of this study has been the evaluation of the effect of a daily dietary supplement consisting in a small amount (30 g/day) of Grana Padano cheese, in terms of the lowering of the blood pressure (BP) of mild - moderate hypertensive subjects. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Thirty mild - moderate hypertensive patients, with BP values not on target (> 140 and/or > 90 mmHg) after at least 3 months of stable treatment were considered in this randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled cross-over study. All patients randomly received a dietary integration (30 g/day) of Grana Padano cheese or a placebo (made from flavored grated bread mixed with fats and salts in concentrations equal to those of the cheese). BP was evaluated at baseline and at the end of the active and placebo treatments (2 months each) by: -Office BP (OBP): -Automated Office BP (AOBP) using the BpT-RU (R), an automated oscillometric device that provides the average of multiple (n=6) blood pressure measurements: -Ambulatory Blood Pressure (ABP) 24 hour monitoring. RESULTS: Dietary integration with Grana Padano cheese resulted in a significant decrease in Office, Automated Office and Ambulatory BP. The mean decrease (vs. placebo) for 24-hour ABP was -3.5 mmHg for systolic and -2.4 mmHg for diastolic BP (p = 0.0063 and p = 0.0065. respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Daily dietary integration with 30 g of Grana Padano DOP cheese effectively reduces BP and may help mild-to-moderate hypertensive patients to reach a target BP.
Safety evaluation of the consumption of high dose milk fat globule membrane in healthy adults: a double-blind, randomized controlled trial with parallel group design; Consumption of milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) in combination with habitual exercise suppresses age-associated muscle loss. The effects of high dose MFGM, however, are not known. A double-blind, randomized controlled trial with parallel group design was conducted to evaluate the safety of consuming high dose MFGM tablets. The subjects were 32 healthy adult men and women. Subjects were given 5 times the recommended daily intake of the tablets containing 6.5g of MFGM or whole milk powder for 4weeks. Stomach discomfort and diarrhea were observed; however, these symptoms were transitory and slight and were not related to consumption of the test tablets. In addition, there were no clinically significant changes in anthropometric measurements or blood tests. Total degree of safety assessed by the physicians of all subjects was "safe." These findings suggest that consumption of the tablets containing 6.5g MFGM for 4weeks is safe for healthy adults.
Subcutaneous administration of casein attenuates atherosclerotic progression in male apoE<SUP>-/-</SUP> mice fed with high-fat diet; The impact of casein on atherosclerotic lesion progression remains controversial. In this study, we tested the effect of casein on atherosclerotic development and its potential mechanisms in male apolipoprotein E knockout (apoE(-/-)) mice fed with high-fat diet (HFD). Male apoE(-/-) mice fed with HFD were randomized into HFD group (subcutaneous injection with 0.5 ml of 0.9% sodium chloride daily, n = 6) and HFD + Casein group (subcutaneous injection with 0.5 ml of 10% casein daily, n = 6). Body weight was recorded at baseline and once a week thereafter. After 12 weeks of treatment, plasma lipid and inflammatory markers, and histological characterization of atherosclerotic plaques in the aortic arch and aortic sinus were analyzed. There was no significant difference in weight gain between the two groups after 12 weeks of treatment. Plasma levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were significantly lower, while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) level tended to be higher in the HFD + Casein group compared with the HFD group. The positive percentages of atherosclerotic lesions in aortic arch and aortic sinus as well as collagen deposition in aortic sinus plaques were significantly lower in the HFD + Casein group compared with the HFD group. Plasma levels of interleukin (IL)-1 beta and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) were also significantly lower in the HFD + Casein group compared with the HFD group. In conclusion, subcutaneous administration of casein attenuates atherosclerotic lesion progression, possibly through decreasing fibrosis and inflammatory responses in male apoE(-/-) mice fed with HFD.
Comparison of the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet with usual dietary advice on expression of peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor gamma gene in women: A randomized controlled clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma) which controls body weight, glucose homeostasis, and adipocyte differentiation is a valuable candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). The present study aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and usual dietary advice (UDA) on PPAR-gamma gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS: This randomized controlled trial was performed on 44 women aged 20-50 years at risk for CVD (BMI > 25 kg/m(2) and low physical activity). Participants were randomly assigned to the UDA (n = 22) or DASH (n = 22) diets for 12 weeks. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The UDA diet was a regular diet with healthy dietary advice. Anthropometric indices and PPAR-gamma gene expression were measured and compared between the two groups at the end of the study. RESULTS: After the intervention, body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) significantly decreased in the DASH group (P < 0.050) but the results showed no significant differences between the two groups. At the end of the trial, PPAR-gamma gene expression was significantly different between the UDA and the DASH diet groups (P = 0.040) and this difference remained significant after adjustment for BMI, and physical activity (P = 0.030). CONCLUSION: The result of the study showed that the DASH diet significantly decreased the expression of PPAR-gamma. This finding was unexpected and future studies on the current topic are therefore recommended.
The effects of isoflavones combined with soy protein on lipid profiles, C-reactive protein and cardiovascular risk among postmenopausal Chinese women; Background & Aims: Observational studies note that regular dietary soy protein intake (6-11 g day(-1)) has a significant association with lower blood lipids; however, these observations have not been confirmed by clinical trials. This study aimed to ascertain the effects of moderate intake of soy protein (15 g) with isoflavones or isoflavones alone on serum lipid profiles, inflammatory markers (C-reactive protein and uric acid) and composite cardiovascular risk in Chinese postmenopausal, prediabetic women. Methods and Results: A double-blind randomised, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or early untreated diabetes, aged 46-70 years and, on average, 6.0 years since menopause. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive 15-g soy protein and 100-mg isoflavone (Soy group), or 15-g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavone (Iso group) or 15-g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months. The results showed that no significant difference was observed in serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDLC), total cholesterol (TC), triaclyglycerol (TG), high sensitive C-reactive protein and a composite 10-year cardiovascular risk between the three groups at both 3 and 6 months. Serum uric acid marginally increased by 1.22% in the Soy group and decreased by 4.28% and 4.82% in the Iso and placebo groups at 3 months (P = 0.087), but no difference was observed at 6 months (P = 0.264).
Effect of a high monounsaturated fatty acids diet and a Mediterranean diet on serum lipids and insulin sensitivity in adults with mild abdominal obesity; Background and aims: Diets high in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) such as a Mediterranean diet may reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases by improving insulin sensitivity and serum lipids. Besides being high in MUFA, a Mediterranean diet also contains abundant plant foods, moderate wine and low amounts of meat and dairy products, which may also play a role. We compared the effects of a high MUFA-diet with a diet high in saturated fatty acids (SFA) and the additional effect of a Mediterranean diet on insulin sensitivity and serum lipids. Methods and results: A randomized parallel controlled-feeding trial was performed, in 60 non-diabetics (40-65 y) with mild abdominal obesity. After a two week run-in diet high in SFA (19 energy-%), subjects were allocated to a high MUFA-diet (20 energy-%), a Mediterranean diet (MUFA 21 energy-%), or the high SFA-diet, for eight weeks. The high MUFA and the Mediterranean diet did not affect fasting insulin concentrations. The high MUFA-diet reduced total cholesterol (-0.41 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.74, -0.09) and LDL-cholesterol (-0.38 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.65, -0.11) compared with the high SEA-diet, but not triglyceride concentrations. The Mediterranean diet increased HDL-cholesterol concentrations (+0.09 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.0, 0.18) and reduced the ratio of total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol (-0.39, 95% CI -0.62, -0.16) compared with the high MUFA-diet. Conclusion: Replacing a high SEA-diet with a high MUFA or a Mediterranean diet did not affect insulin sensitivity, but improved serum lipids. The Mediterranean diet was most effective, it reduced total and LDL-cholesterol, and also increased HDL-cholesterol and reduced total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of dietary cholesterol and fat on cell cholesterol transfer to postprandial plasma in hyperlipidemic men; Postprandial chylomicrons are potent ultimate acceptors of cell membrane cholesterol and are believed to accelerate reverse cholesterol transport (RCT). We compared the effects of meals rich in polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) and either high (605 mg) or low (151 mg) in cholesterol and a meal rich in dairy fat (DF) in the form of cream on net in vitro transport of red blood cell (RBC) membrane cholesterol to 4 and 6 h postprandial plasma in eight normotriglyceridemic (NTG-H) and eight hypertriglyceridemic (HTG-H) men with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. In HTG-H men, cell cholesterol accumulation in 6-h postprandial plasma was significantly (P = 0.02) less after the PUFA-HC meal compared with the other meals. The significant (P < 0.001) increase in cell plus endogenous cholesterol accumulation in the triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) fraction of 4 h postprandial plasma incubated with RBC was significantly (P = 0.007) higher after the PUFA-HC meal compared with DF meal in HTG-H men. In NTG-H men, cholesterol accumulation in plasma and plasma lipoproteins in the presence and absence of RBC was not significantly affected by the type of meal ingested. These data suggest that addition of large amounts of cholesterol to a PUFA meal may impair diffusion-mediated transport of cell membrane cholesterol to postprandial plasma and that replacing DF with PUFA in a meal increases postprandial lipemia and may potentially increase cholesterol accumulation in atherogenic postprandial TRL in HTG-H men.
Daily intake of conjugated linoleic acid-enriched yoghurts:: effects on energy metabolism and adipose tissue gene expression in healthy subjects; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The present study was designed to determine whether 14-week CLA supplementation as triacylglycerols (3-76 g) with a 50: 50 combination of the two main isomers (35 % cis-9,trans-11 and 35 % trans- 10,cis-12) added to flavoured yoghurt-like products was able to alter body composition in healthy subjects and to alter the expression of several key adipose tissue genes (PPAR gamma, lipoprotein lipase (LPL), hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) and uncoupling protein 2 (UCP-2)). Forty-four healthy subjects were randomly assigned to consume daily either a CLA-supplemented yoghurt-like product or a placebo yoghurt for 98d. There were no significant effects of CLA supplementation on body weight, fat mass or free fat mass. Basal energy expenditure expressed as kg free fat mass increased significantly in the CLA group (1233 (seen 2-5) kJ/kg free fat mass per d on day 98 v. 118.7 (SEM 23) kJ/kg free fat mass per d on day 0, P=0.03). PPAR gamma mRNA gene expression increased significantly with CLA supplementation (53 (SEM 20) %, P < 0.01) and a significant reduction in mRNA levels of HSL was observed (-42 (SEM 7) %, P=0.01). The levels of UCP-2 and LPL mRNA were not affected. The present results suggest that a 98 d supplementation diet with a 50: 50 mixture of the two CLA isomers cis-9,trans-11 and trans-10,cis-12 in a dairy product was unable to alter body composition, although a significant increase in the RMR has been induced. Moreover, changes in mRNA PPAR gamma and HSL in adipose tissue were recorded.
Randomised trial of coconut oil, olive oil or butter on blood lipids and other cardiovascular risk factors in healthy men and women; Introduction High dietary saturated fat intake is associated with higher blood concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), an established risk factor for coronary heart disease. However, there is increasing interest in whether various dietary oils or fats with different fatty acid profiles such as extra virgin coconut oil may have different metabolic effects but trials have reported inconsistent results. We aimed to compare changes in blood lipid profile, weight, fat distribution) and metabolic markers after four weeks consumption of 50g daily of one of three different dietary fats, extra virgin coconut oil, butter or extra virgin olive oil, in healthy men and women in the general population. Design Randomised clinical trial conducted over June and July 2017. Setting General community in Cambridgeshire, UK. Participants Volunteer adults were recruited by the British Broadcasting Corporation through their websites. Eligibility criteria were men and women aged 50-75 years, with no known history of cancer, cardiovascular disease or diabetes, not on lipid lowering medication, no contraindications to a high-fat diet and willingness to be randomised to consume one of the three dietary fats for 4 weeks. Of 160 individuals initially expressing an interest and assessed for eligibility, 96 were randomised to one of three interventions; 2 individuals subsequently withdrew and 94 men and women attended a baseline assessment. Their mean age was 60 years, 67% were women and 98% were European Caucasian. Of these, 91 men and women attended a follow-up assessment 4 weeks later. Intervention Participants were randomised to extra virgin coconut oil, extra virgin olive oil or unsalted butter and asked to consume 50g daily of one of these fats for 4 weeks, which they could incorporate into their usual diet or consume as a supplement. Main outcomes and measures The primary outcome was change in serum LDL-C; secondary outcomes were change in total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC and HDL-C), TC/HDL-C ratio and non-HDL-C; change in weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, per cent body fat, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose and C reactive protein. Results LDL-C concentrations were significantly increased on butter compared with coconut oil (+0.42, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.65 mmol/L, P<0.0001) and with olive oil (+0.38, 95/0C1 0.16 to 0.60 mmol/L, P<0.0001), with no differences in change of LDL-C in coconut oil compared with olive oil (-0.04, 95% CI -0.27 to 0.19 mmol/L, P=0.74). Coconut oil significantly increased HDL-C compared with butter (+0.18, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.30 mmol/L) or olive oil (+0.16, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.28 mmol/L). Butter significantly increased TC/HDL-C ratio and non-HDL-C compared with coconut oil but coconut oil did not significantly differ from olive oil for TC/HDL-C and non-HDL-C. There were no significant differences in changes in weight, BMI, central adiposity, fasting blood glucose, systolic or diastolic blood pressure among any of the three intervention groups. Conclusions and relevance Two different dietary fats (butter and coconut oil) which are predominantly saturated fats, appear to have different effects on blood lipids compared with olive oil, a predominantly monounsaturated fat with coconut oil more comparable to olive oil with respect to LDL-C. The effects of different dietary fats on lipid profiles, metabolic markers and health outcomes may vary not just according to the general classification of their main component fatty acids as saturated or unsaturated but possibly according to different profiles in individual fatty acids, processing methods as well as the foods in which they are consumed or dietary patterns. These findings do not alter current dietary recommendations to reduce saturated fat intake in general but highlight the need for further elucidation of the more nuanced relationships between different dietary fats and health.
Effects of substituting dietary soybean protein and oil for milk protein and fat in subjects with hypercholesterolemia; Objectives: To determine whether, in individuals with hypercholesterolemia, substituting dietary soybean products for cows' milk products improves the plasma lipid profile and whether any change in the profile is due partially to soy oil. Design: Randomized 3-treatment crossover trial. Setting: Family practice clinics and an outpatient clinic in London, Ont. Participants: Seventeen healthy men and 17 healthy women with elevated plasma levels of total and low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and with normal plasma levels of triglycerides. Interventions: Participants incorporated into their normal diet either 2% cows' milk products, soybean products or a combination of skim milk products and soy oil, each over period of 4 weeks, with 2 2-week wash-out periods. Plasma lipid profile, blood pressure and body weight were assessed after each dietary and wash-out period. Outcome measures: Plasma levels of total and lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma levels of triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and Al levels, blood pressure and plasma lipid peroxidation. Results: The change in diet had no effect on body mass index, levels of apolipoproteins B and Al and most plasma lipids. During the soybean period, the subjects' mean level of high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol increased 9% (p < 0.04) and their mean LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio decreased 14% (p < 0.007). These effects were less pronounced during the skim milk/soy oil period. In the 24 subjects with the highest initial LDL cholesterol level and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, the mean LDL cholesterol level decreased 11% after the soybean period. In all subjects, changes in the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio induced by a soybean diet were negatively correlated with the initial LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio and positively correlated with the initial HDL cholesterol level. Conclusions: In people with hypercholesterolemia, the plasma lipid profile improved after treatment with a soybean-product diet, and this improvement was partially due to soy oil. The degree of responsiveness was associated with initial risk factors for coronary artery disease.
A Plant Stanol Yogurt Drink Alone or Combined with a Low-Dose Statin Lowers Serum Triacylglycerol and Non-HDL Cholesterol in Metabolic Syndrome Patients; We evaluated the effects of 2 commonly available strategies (plant stanol ester drink and 10 mg simvastatin) on coronary heart disease (CHID) risk variables in participants with metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome patients are at increased risk to develop CHD, partly due to high triacylglycerol (TAG) and low HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations and a low-grade inflammatory profile. Effects of plant stanol esters on TAG concentrations in these participants are unknown. After a 3-wk run-in period in which individuals consumed placebo yogurt drinks and placebo capsules, participants were randomly divided into 4 groups: placebo (n = 9), simvastatin + placebo drink (n = 10), placebo + stanol drink (n = 9), and simvastatin + stanol drink (n = 8). After 9 wk, we evaluated the effects on serum lipids, low-grade inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction markers. In metabolic syndrome patients, stanol esters (2.0 g/d), simvastatin, or the combination lowered non-HDL-C by 12.8% (P = 0.011), 30.7% (P < 0.001), and 35.4% (P < 0.001), respectively, compared with placebo. TAG were lowered by 27.5% (P = 0.044), 21.7% (P = 0.034), and 32.7% (P < 0.01), respectively. The total-:HDL-C ratio was significantly lowered in all 3 intervention groups. We found no treatment effects on the apolipoprotein CII:CIII ratio, cholesterol ester transfer protein mass, FFA concentrations, and markers for low-grade inflammation or endothelial dysfunction. This study shows that in metabolic syndrome patients, plant stanol esters lower not only non-HDL-C, but also TAG. Effects on TAG were also present in combination with statin treatment, illustrating an additional benefit of stanol esters in this CHID risk population. J. Nutr. 139: 1143-1149, 2009.
Comparison between the effects of soy milk and non-fat cow milk on lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia; OBJECTIVE: This study assessed whether the consumption of soy milk could add significantly to the lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in comparison with non-fat milk. METHODS: A double-blind, randomized, crossover study was conducted on 60 outpatients with primary hypercholesterolemia following a lipid-lowering diet for at least 6 wk. Lipid profile was obtained at baseline and, at 6 and 12 wk, with the patients randomly assigned to receive initially 1 L/d of soy milk or non-fat cow milk for 6 wk. Lipid peroxidation was estimated by plasma thiobarbituric reactive substances. Apolipoprotein E genotypes were examined by polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism. RESULTS: The soy milk diet was associated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction (baseline = 157 +/- 5 mg/dL; soy milk = 148 +/- 4 mg/dL; non-fat cow milk = 158 +/- 4 mg/dL; P < 0.05, soy milk versus other treatments) and with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increase (baseline = 58 +/- 2 mg/dL; soy milk = 62 2 mg/dL; non-fat cow milk = 57 +/- 2 mg/dL; P < 0.05, soy milk versus other treatments). In addition, plasma thiobarbituric reactive substances were reduced by the soy milk diet (baseline = 1.82 +/- 0.12 nMIL; soy milk = 1.49 +/- 0.09 nM/L; non-fat cow milk = 1.91 +/- 0.11 nM/mL; P < 0.05, soy milk versus non-fat cow milk). Changes in lipid profile were not influenced by APOE genotypes. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that soy milk as part of a lipid-lowering diet has beneficial effects in improving lipid profile and reducing lipid peroxidation.
Dairy consumption, systolic blood pressure, and risk of hypertension: Mendelian randomization study; OBJECTIVE To examine whether previous observed inverse associations of dairy intake with systolic blood pressure and risk of hypertension were causal. DESIGN Mendelian randomization study using the single nucleotide polymorphism rs4988235 related to lactase persistence as an instrumental variable. SETTING CHARGE (Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology) Consortium. PARTICIPANTS Data from 22 studies with 171 213 participants, and an additional 10 published prospective studies with 26 119 participants included in the observational analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES The instrumental variable estimation was conducted using the ratio of coefficients approach. Using metaanalysis, an additional eight published randomized clinical trials on the association of dairy consumption with systolic blood pressure were summarized. RESULTS Compared with the CC genotype (CC is associated with complete lactase deficiency), the CT/TT genotype (TT is associated with lactose persistence, and CT is associated with certain lactase deficiency) of LCT-13910 (lactase persistence gene) rs4988235 was associated with higher dairy consumption (0.23 (about 55 g/day), 95% confidence interval 0.17 to 0.29) serving/day; P<0.001) and was not associated with systolic blood pressure (0.31, 95% confidence interval -0.05 to 0.68 mm Hg; P=0.09) or risk of hypertension (odds ratio 1.01, 95% confidence interval 0.97 to 1.05; P=0.27). Using LCT-13910 rs4988235 as the instrumental variable, genetically determined dairy consumption was not associated with systolic blood pressure (beta=1.35, 95% confidence interval -0.28 to 2.97 mm Hg for each serving/day) or risk of hypertension (odds ratio 1.04, 0.88 to 1.24). Moreover, meta-analysis of the published clinical trials showed that higher dairy intake has no significant effect on change in systolic blood pressure for interventions over one month to 12 months (intervention compared with control groups: beta=-0.21, 95% confidence interval -0.98 to 0.57 mm Hg). In observational analysis, each serving/day increase in dairy consumption was associated with -0.11 (95% confidence interval -0.20 to -0.02 mm Hg; P=0.02) lower systolic blood pressure but not risk of hypertension (odds ratio 0.98, 0.97 to 1.00; P=0.11). CONCLUSION The weak inverse association between dairy intake and systolic blood pressure in observational studies was not supported by a comprehensive instrumental variable analysis and systematic review of existing clinical trials.
Soy milk: A functional beverage with hypocholesterolemic effects? A systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Objective: Current guidelines have highlighted the role of diet in conjunction with drug therapy in the management of dyslipidemia. Over the last two decades, the effect of soy milk, a derivative of soybean, on blood lipids has been the focus of nutritional researches. The present study aimed to provide a comprehensive review of clinical trials investigating the effect of soy milk on blood lipids. Methods: An electronic database searching including PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus, and CENTRAL was performed to extract all the records that were published up to May 2018 using MeSH terms and relevant keywords. Randomized clinical trials that had evaluated the effect of soy milk consumption on serum lipids including total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were eligible for inclusion to this systematic review. Results: Eight eligible trials comprising a total of 263 subjects were included in this review. Three studies reported no significant improvement in any of the serum lipid parameters following soy milk consumption. A significant decrease in serum TG, TC, and LDL-C was reported by 1, 1 and 3 trials. Also, 1 trial found that soy milk consumption was accompanied by a significant increase in HDL-C. Conclusion: Evidence from clinical trials regarding the hypolipidemic effect of soy milk is limited and controversial. More well-designed clinical trials with large sample size and longer duration are warranted.
The effects of surface anaesthesia on the autonomic dysreflexia response during functional electrical stimulation; Recently, increases in blood pressure (BP) and concomitant bradycardia, suggestive of autonomic dysreflexia (AD), have been documented during functional electrical stimulation (FES) in individuals with a high spinal cord injury (SCI). If uncontrolled, this response could preclude the safe use of FES among such individuals. FES induced pain is partly related to stimulation of skin nociceptors. Therefore, measures to reduce skin sensitivity may reduce the risk of AD during FES. The purpose of this study was to determine if topical anaesthetic applied over the site of electrical stimulation could minimize the AD cardiovascular and hormonal responses to FES in individuals with SCI above the T6 level. Seven subjects with a SCI above T6 received FES to the quadriceps muscle of each leg under two conditions on two different testing days. The two treatment conditions, topical anaesthetic and placebo creams, were double blinded and randomized. The cream was administered to an area the size of the electrode (10x10 cm) Ih prior to stimulation. Stimulation began at 0 mAmps and increased by 16 mAmps every 2 min until an intensity of 160 mAmps was achieved. HR and BP were measured at each stimulation intensity level. Catecholamines were analyzed three times during the stimulation protocol (pre, mid and post stimulation intensities). At the end of the stimulation protocol, FES induced isometric quadriceps contraction force at 160 mAmps intensity was measured using a hand held dynamometer. As FES stimulation intensity increased, significant rises in systolic and diastolic BP were seen, with a concomitant progressive drop in HR. The AD response to stimulation was not significantly different between the topical anaesthetic and placebo conditions. Serum catecholamine (epinephrine and norepinephrine) levels tended to rise with increasing FES intensity levels but did not reach statistical significance. The two treatment conditions did not significantly affect serum catecholamine levels or FES-induced quadriceps contraction force. In summary, FES application to the quadriceps muscle in high level SCI subjects resulted in significant increases in BP, decreases in HR (AD-like response), a trend towards elevations in catecholamine levels, and no difference in quadriceps muscular strength. However, these responses were unaffected by the use of topical anaesthetic cream on the skin at the stimulation site. This suggests that other mechanisms than skin nociception are operative in FES-induced AD.
Effects on blood lipids of a blood pressure-lowering diet: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial; Background: Effects of diet on blood lipids are best known in white men, and effects of type of carbohydrate on triacylglycerol concentrations are not well defined. Objective: Our goal was to determine the effects of diet on plasma lipids, focusing on subgroups by sex, race, and baseline lipid concentrations. Design: This was a randomized controlled outpatient feeding trial conducted in 4 field centers. The subjects were 436 participants of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial [mean age: 44.6 +/-; 60% African American; baseline total cholesterol: less than or equal to6.7 mmol/L (less than or equal to 260 mg/dL)]. The intervention consisted of 8 wk of a control diet, a diet increased in fruit and vegetables, or a diet increased in fruit, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol (DASH diet), during which time subjects remained weight stable. The main outcome measures were fasting total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triacylglycerol. Results: Relative to the control diet, the DASH diet resulted in lower total (-0.35 mmol/L, or -13.7 mg/dL), LDL(-0.28 mmol/L, or -10.7 mg/dL), and HDL- (-0.09 mmol/L, or -3.7 mg/dL) cholesterol concentrations (all P < 0.0001), without significant effects on triacylglycerol. The net reductions in total and LDL cholesterol in men were greater than those in women by 0.27 mmol/L, or 10.3 mg/dL (P = 0.052), and by 0.29 mmol/L, or 11.2 mg/dL (P < 0.02), respectively. Changes in lipids did not differ significantly by race or baseline lipid concentrations, except for HDL, which decreased more in participants with higher baseline HDL-cholesterol concentrations than in those with lower baseline HDL-cholesterol concentrations. The fruit and vegetable diet produced few significant lipid changes. Conclusions: The DASH diet is likely to reduce coronary heart disease risk. The possible opposing effect on coronary heart disease risk of HDL reduction needs further study.
A comparison of the effects of cheese and butter on serum lipids, haemostatic variables and homocysteine; Milk fat contains considerable amounts of saturated fatty acids, known to increase serum cholesterol. Little is known, however, about the relative effect of different milk products on risk factors for CHD. The aim of the present study was to compare the effects of Jarlsberg cheese (a Norwegian variety of Swiss cheese) with butter on serum lipoproteins, haemostatic variables and homocysteine. A controlled dietary study was performed with twenty-two test individuals (nine men and thirteen women) aged 23-54 years. The subjects consumed three isoenergetic test diets, with equal amounts of fat and protein, and containing either cheese (CH diet), butter+calcium caseinate (BC diet) or butter+egg-white protein (BE diet). The study was a randomised cross-over study and the subjects consumed each diet for 3 weeks, with 1 week when they consumed their habitual diet in between. Fasting blood samples were drawn at baseline and at the end of each period. Serum was analysed for lipids and plasma for haemostatic variables and homocysteine. Total cholesterol was significantly lower after the CH diet than after the BC diet (-0.27 mmol/l; P=0.03), while the difference in LDL-cholesterol was found to be below significance level (-0.22 mmol/l; P=0.06). There were no significant differences in HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, apo A-I, apo B or lipoprotein (a), haemostatic variables and homocysteine between the diets. The results indicate that, at equal fat content, cheese may be less cholesterol increasing than butter.
Effect of probiotic yogurt containing <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> and <i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i> on lipid profile in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus; The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic and conventional yogurt on the lipid profile in type 2 diabetic people. In a randomized double-blind controlled trial, 60 people (23 males and 37 females) with type 2 diabetes and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) greater than 2.6 mmol/L were assigned to 2 groups. Participants consumed daily 300 g of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 or 300 g of conventional yogurt for 6 wk. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements and 3-d, 24-h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the trial. Probiotic yogurt consumption caused a 4.54% decrease in total cholesterol and a 7.45% decrease in LDL-C compared with the control group. No significant changes from baseline were shown in triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in the probiotic group. The total cholesterol:HDL-C ratio and LDL-C:HDL-C ratio as atherogenic indices significantly decreased in the probiotic group compared with the control group. Probiotic yogurt improved total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations in type 2 diabetic people and may contribute to the improvement of cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Phytosterols for dyslipidemia; Purpose. The efficacy and safety of phytosterols for the management of dyslipidemia are reviewed. Summary. Phytosterols have been evaluated in over 40 clinical trials. The incorporation of 2 g of phytosterols daily into margarine, mayonnaise, orange juice, olive oil, low-fat milk, yogurt, and tablets is associated with significant reductions in low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol from baseline over 1-12 months in adults with normal or high cholesterol, in children, and in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Phytosterol dosages of 1.6-3 g daily have been shown to reduce LDL cholesterol by 4.1-15% versus placebo within the first month of therapy. One meta-analysis found mean reductions of 10-11%, but results vary. Several placebo-controlled trials found that the addition of phytosterols to statin therapy was associated with reductions of 7-20% in LDL cholesterol for up to 1.5 years. Overall, phytosterols are useful for reducing LDL cholesterol in patients who cannot reach their treatment goal by diet alone or who are taking maximum tolerated doses of statins. These products offer an alternative to statins in patients who cannot take statins or whose statin dosage is restricted because of potential drug interactions or concomitant diseases. Commonly reported adverse effects are primarily gastrointestinal in nature. Conclusion. Phytosterol therapy produces an average 10-11% reduction in LDL cholesterol concentration, but it is unknown whether this effect persists beyond two years. Phytosterol products are well tolerated and have few drug interactions, but their long-term safety has not been established. Current evidence is sufficient to recommend phytosterols for lowering LDL cholesterol in adults.
Effect of probiotics on metabolic profiles in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a prevalent metabolic disease which is imposing heavy burden on global health and economy. Recent studies indicate gut microbiota play important role on the pathogenesis and metabolic disturbance of T2DM. As an effective mean of regulating gut microbiota, probiotics are live micro-organisms that are believed to provide a specific health benefit on the host. Whether probiotic supplementation could improve metabolic profiles by modifying gut microbiota in T2DM or not is still in controversy.The aim of the study is to assess the effect of probiotic supplementation on metabolic profiles in T2DM.We searched PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library up to 12 April 2016. Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, and evaluated risk of bias of included studies. Data were pooled by using the random-effect model and expressed as standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Heterogeneity was assessed and quantified (I-2).A total of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. Lipid profiles (n = 508) and fasting blood glucose (FBG) (n = 520) were reported in 9 trials; the homeostasis model of assessment for insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) (n = 368) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (n = 380) were reported in 6 trials. Probiotics could alleviate FBG (SMD -0.61 mmol/L, 95% CI [-0.92, -0.30], P = 0.0001). Probiotics could increase high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (SMD 0.42 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.08, 0.76], P = 0.01). There were no significant differences in low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), HbA1c and HOMA-IR between the treatment group and the control group.Probiotics may improve glycemic control and lipid metabolism in T2DM. Application of probiotic agents might become a new method for glucose management in T2DM.
Dairy Consumption and Body Mass Index Among Adults: Mendelian Randomization Analysis of 184802 Individuals from 25 Studies; BACKGROUND: Associations between dairy intake and body mass index (BMI) have been inconsistently observed in epidemiological studies, and the causal relationship remains ill defined. METHODS: We performed Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis using an established dairy intake-associated genetic polymorphism located upstream of the lactase gene (LCT-13910 C/T, rs4988235) as an instrumental variable (IV). Linear regression models were fitted to analyze associations between (a) dairy intake and BMI, (b) rs4988235 and dairy intake, and (c) rs4988235 and BMI in each study. The causal effect of dairy intake on BMI was quantified by IV estimators among 184802 participants from 25 studies. RESULTS: Higher dairy intake was associated with higher BMI (beta = 0.03 kg/m(2) per serving/day; 95% CI, 0.00-0.06; P = 0.04), whereas the LCT genotype with 1 or 2 T allele was significantly associated with 0.20 (95% CI, 0.14-0.25) serving/day higher dairy intake (P = 3.15 x 10(-12)) and 0.12 (95% CI, 0.06-0.17) kg/m(2) higher BMI (P = 2.11 x 10(-5)). MR analysis showed that the genetically determined higher dairy intake was significantly associated with higher BMI (beta = 0.60 kg/m(2) per serving/day; 95% CI, 0.27-0.92; P = 3.0 x 10(-4)). CONCLUSIONS: The present study provides strong evidence to support a causal effect of higher dairy intake on increased BMI among adults. (c) 2017 American Association for Clinical Chemistry
Persistent organochlorine and organobromine compounds in mother's milk from Sweden 1996-2006: Compound-specific temporal trends; High body burdens of persistent halogenated organic pollutants (POPs) among pregnant and nursing women are of concern because of exposure of the growing foetus and breast-feeding infant. We examined the temporal trends of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDDs) and dibenzofurans (PCDFs), polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and hexabromocyclododecane (HBCD) in milk samples from Swedish women. POPs were analysed in individual mother's milk samples from randomly recruited primiparas (N = 335) who lived in Uppsala County and delivered between 1996 and 2006. Results were adjusted for life-style factors that are associated with POP body burdens. PCB levels declined 3.9-8.6% per year. The levels of PCDDs decreased faster (6-9% per year) than the levels of PCDFs (3-6% per year). Temporal trends of PBDEs did not follow any consistent pattern. Concentrations of BDE-47 and BDE-99 decreased, while the concentrations of BDE-153 increased. No change in BDE-100 concentrations was observed. In most samples, concentrations of HBCD were below the quantification limit (<0.20 ng/g lipid). Generally, adjustment of the temporal trends of PCBs and PCDD/Fs for personal characteristics of the mothers (age, body mass index (BMI), weight changes during and after pregnancy) resulted in faster declining rates, with age having the greatest influence. The age of the participating mothers increased during the study period, and since the POP levels increased with increasing age, this counteracted the decreasing temporal trends in the unadjusted model. It is consequently important to include personal characteristics in the analysis of temporal trends of POPs. Compound-specific temporal trends are probably caused by differences in sources of exposure, as well as by differences in persistence between compounds. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of increased consumption of fluid milk on energy and nutrient intake, body weight, and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy older adults; Objective To assess the impact of increased consumption of milk, without other dietary advice, on older adults' energy and nutrient intakes, weight, cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure, plasma lipid levels), and quality of life. Subjects/setting Two hundred four healthy men and women, aged 55 to 85 years, who consumed fewer than 1.5 dairy servings per day were chosen from six US academic health centers. Design Randomized, controlled open trial. Intervention Advice to increase skim or 1% milk intake by 3 cups per day (n = 101) or to maintain usual diet (n = 103) for 12 weeks after a 4-week baseline period. Main outcome measures Changes in energy and nutrient intake assessed from 3-day food records, body weight, blood pressure, and plasma lipid levels. Statistical analyses performed Group-by-time analysis of variance with repeat ed-measures, chi (2) test. Results Compliance with the intervention was good. Compared with controls, participants in the milk-supplemented group significantly increased energy, protein, cholesterol, vitamins A, D, and B-12, riboflavin, pantothenate, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, and potassium intakes. Prevalence of nutrient inadequacy, assessed for nutrients with Estimated Average Requirements, decreased among women in the milk group for magnesium (40% at baseline vs 13% at 12 weeks, P < .001) and vitamin B-12 (6% vs 0%, P < .05) and tended to decrease (P < .10) for protein and thiamin (women) and magnesium and vitamin B-6 (men). The milk group gained 0.6 kg more than control group (P < .01); however, weight gain was less than predicted, which suggests some compensation for the added energy from milk. Blood pressure decreased similarly over time in both groups. Total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and the ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, were unchanged. Triglyceride levels increased within the normal range in the milk group (P = .002). Quality of life scores were high at baseline and remained high throughout. Applications/conclusions Older adults can successfully increase milk intake, thereby meaningfully improving their nutrient intakes. Dietitians can play a key role in disseminating this advice.
Differences in the Effect of Plant Sterols on Lipid Metabolism in Men and Women; Plant sterols are recommended to decrease low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). Possible differences between sexes in efficacy were analyzed. In a double-blind crossover clinical trial, 30 women and 24 men were divided into 2 phases of 3 weeks, separated by a 2-week washout period. Subjects ingested 2.23 g/day of sterols in 700-mL milk. Total cholesterol (TC), LDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride, and non-HDL-C were assessed. There was significant interaction of sex factorsxtime intervention in TC (F(1.49) = 4.54, eta(2) = 0.085), LDL-C (F(1.46) = 4.72, eta(2) = 0.093), HDL-C (F(1.48) = 9.37, eta(2) = 0.163), and non-HDL-C (F(1.48) = 9.97, eta(2) = 0.172). Total body fat in the control group and cholesterol reduction were significantly correlated with LDL-C (r = 0.463) and non-HDL-C (r = 0.482) reduction percentage (P < .05). Differences in sex effect were observed.
Effect of a high intake of cheese on cholesterol and metabolic syndrome: results of a randomized trial; Background: Cheese is generally rich in saturated fat, which is associated with increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. Nevertheless, recent reports suggest that cheese may be antiatherogenic. Objective: The goal of this study was to assess whether intake of two types of Norwegian cheese, with widely varying fat and calcium content, might influence factors of the metabolic syndrome and serum cholesterol levels differently. Design: A total of 153 participants were randomized to one of three groups: Gamalost (R), a traditional fat-and salt-free Norwegian cheese (50 g/day), Gouda-type cheese with 27% fat (80 g/day), and a control group with a limited cheese intake. Blood samples, anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and questionnaires about lifestyle and diet were obtained at inclusion and end. Results: At baseline, there were no differences between the groups in relevant baseline characteristics, mean age 43, 52.3% female. After 8 weeks' intervention, there were no changes in any of the metabolic syndrome factors between the intervention groups compared with the control group. There were no increases in total-or LDL cholesterol in the cheese groups compared with the control. Stratified analysis showed that those in the Gouda group with metabolic syndrome at baseline had significant reductions in total cholesterol at the end of the trial compared with control (-0.70 mmol/L, p = 0.013), and a significantly higher reduction in mean triglycerides. In the Gamalost group, those who had high total cholesterol at baseline had a significant reduction in total cholesterol compared with control (-0.40 mmol/L, p = 0.035). Conclusions: In conclusion, cholesterol levels did not increase after high intake of 27% fat Gouda-type cheese over 8 weeks' intervention, and stratified analysis showed that participants with metabolic syndrome had reduced cholesterol at the end of the trial.
Effects of verbascoside on plasma oxidative status and blood and milk production parameters during the peripartum period in Lacaune ewes; This study examined the effect of administration of verbascoside on plasma oxidative status and on specific blood and milk production parameters in Lacaune ewes during the peripartum period. The trial, lasting 60 d, ran from 20 d before lambing until 40 d after and was conducted on 40 ewes in their 5th month of gestation. The animals were divided into two equal groups of 20: a control group CON, which did not receive food supplement, and the experimental group V. which received a supplement of verbascoside in their feed. Consumption of the supplement, which was 2 g/ewe/d, was assured by individual and daily administration of feed. The animals received a pellet feed concentrate at a rate of 400 g/ewe/d prepartum and 700 g/ewe/d postpartum. The ration was completed with mixed hay ad libitum. The experimental measures included body weight; blood samples 20 d before lambing and 0 d, 20 d and 40 d after lambing: body condition score; individual yield and quality of milk. The administration of verbascoside significantly improved milk yield by 9.3% (P < 0.01), significantly decreased triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, alanine transferase (P < 0.01) and bilirubin (P < 0.05), and increased high density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.01). Furthermore, the parameters of oxidative status in plasma were positively influenced by the use of dietary verbascoside, which resulted in significant decreases in reactive oxygen metabolites (P < 0.01) and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (P < 0.05) and increases in vitamins A and E (P < 0.01). The use of verbascoside during the peripartum period provided benefits on some blood parameters, oxidative status and milk production, particularly in the immediate postpartum period (0-20 d). (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Butter Oil on Avoidance Memory in Normal and Diabetic Rats; Objective(s) Since diabetes mellitus is accompanied by cognitive impairment in diabetic patient and animal models and since lipids play important roles in neuronal membrane composition, structure and function; we intended to evaluate the effect of dietary butter oil on passive avoidance memory of streptoztosin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats in this study. Materials and Methods Thirty six adult male rats were randomly allocated to four equal groups: normal (N) and diabetic control (D) groups with free access to regular rat diet; but the diet of normal butter oil (NB) and diabetic butter oil (DB) groups was supplemented with 10% butter oil. Diabetes in D and DB groups was induced by intravenous (i.v.) injection of 50 mg/kg.bw of STZ. Passive avoidance memory and cholesterol of brain and hippocampal tissues has been measured six weeks after diabetes confirmation. Results Diabetes, especially in diabetic butter oil group decreased the abilities of learning and memory. The level of cholesterol in hippocampus was higher in NB (P<0.05) and DB (P<0.01) groups. Conclusion We suggest consumption of butter oil may worsen cognitive impairment of diabetic animal. This may be related to the higher elevation of cholesterol in the hippocampus of diabetic animals.
The quality of corn milk-based cheese analogue made with virgin coconut oil as a fat substitute and with various emulsifiers; Cheese analogues can be produced by modifying ingredients to produce low-fat cheese. Low-fat cheese generally has a less preferable texture and taste, so it is used as a fat substitute. Virgin coconut oil (VCO) is commonly used as a fat substitute because it can reduce total cholesterol, triglycerides, phospholipids and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and increase high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol in the blood. In this study, we aimed to: 1) determine the effect of VCO concentration on the quality of corn milk-based cheddar cheese analogue; and 2) study the effect of emulsifier type on the quality of the cheese analogue. This research used experimental methods with a randomized group design. Two factors were studied: the concentration of VCO (i.e. 15%, 20%, 25%) and type of emulsifier (Span 80, Tween 80 (1%), Span 80:Tween 80 (1:1)). The observed variables included yield, total solids, total titrated acidity, moisture content, fat content, protein content, and sensory properties. The results showed that an increase in VCO concentration of 15-25% in the cheese analogue-making process increased fat and moisture content, but reduced sensory value. The emulsifiers did not influence the physicochemical variables and sensory properties of the produced cheese analogue significantly. The best cheese analogue was produced using 25% VCO and Tween 80. The characteristics of this product were: 59.93% bb yield, 54.62% moisture content, 30.2 degrees Brix total solids, pH 5.62, 19.96% fat content, 11.51% soluble protein with colour sensory value of 3.84 (yellowish white), scent value of 4.07 (slightly typical of cheese), taste value of 5.48 (slightly salty), texture value of 2.55 (not hard) and favourite value of 4.38 (slightly favourable).
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fats on postprandial lipemia and glucagon-like peptide 1 responses in patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: Postprandial lipemia is important in the development of coronary artery disease because of elevated postprandial triacylglycerol-rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressed HDL-cholesterol concentrations. We showed in healthy subjects a possible association between postprandial lipid metabolism and the responses of the duodenal incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide after meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid), respectively. Objective: The objective was to compare the postprandial responses (8 h) of glucose, insulin, fatty acids, triacylglycerol, gastric inhibitory polypeptide, and GLP-1 to saturated- and monounsaturated-rich test meals. Design: Twelve overweight patients with type 2 diabetes ingested 3 meals randomly: an energy-free soup with 50 g carbohydrate (control meal), the control meal plus 100 g butter, and the control meal plus 80 g olive oil. Triacylglycerol responses were measured in total plasma and in a chylomicron-rich and a chylomicron-poor fraction. Results: No significant differences in the glucose, insulin, or fatty acid responses to the 2 fat-rich meals were seen. The plasma triacylglycerol and chylomicron triacylglycerol responses were highest after the butter meal. HDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly after the butter meal but did not change significantly after the olive oil meal. GLP-1 responses were highest after the olive oil meal. Conclusions: Olive oil induced lower triacylglycerol concentrations and higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations than did butter, without eliciting significant changes in glucose, insulin, or fatty acids. Furthermore, olive oil induced higher concentrations of GLP-1, which may indicate a relation between fatty acid composition, incretin responses, and triacylglycerol metabolism postprandially in patients with type 2 diabetes.
A mild favorable effect of soy protein with isoflavones on body composition-a 6-month double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women; Background: In vitro and animal studies suggested that soy protein and isoflavones promote weight and body fat loss. However, clinical trials in humans were few and the effects remained uncertain. Objectives: To examine whether soy protein with isoflavones and isoflavone extracts exert beneficial effects on body composition among postmenopausal women. Design: A double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with mild hyperglycemia. After a 2-week adaptation, participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive 15 g soy protein and 100mg isoflavones ( Soy group), or 15 g milk protein and 100mg isoflavones (Iso group), or 15 g milk protein ( placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months. Results: We observed a mild but significant favorable effect of soy protein with isoflavones on the changes of body weight (BW), body mass index, and body fat percentage relative to isoflavone extracts and milk protein after 6-month supplementation. The mean differences of BW between the Soy and the Iso groups were -0.75 kg (95% CI: -1.363 to -0.136, P = 0.017), and between the Soy and the placebo groups were -0.60 kg ( 95% CI: -1.209 to -0.019, P = 0.047). The mean difference of change percentage in body fat percentage between the Soy and the Iso groups was -3.74% ( 95% CI: -6.88 to -0.60%, P = 0.02), and between the Soy and the placebo groups was -2.54% ( 95% CI: -5.69 to 0.12%. P = 0.08). Conclusions: Six-month supplementation of soy protein with isoflavones had a mild favorable effect on body composition in postmenopausal women. International Journal of Obesity ( 2010) 34, 309-318; doi: 10.1038/ijo.2009.236; published online 17 November 2009
HYPOCHOLESTEROLEMIC EFFECT OF A NEW FERMENTED MILK PRODUCT IN HEALTHY MIDDLE-AGED MEN; Objective: There are still controversies as to the potential beneficial effects of milk and fermented milk products on the level of lipoproteins. The objective of the present investigation was to test the effect of a moderate daily intake of a new fermented milk product, which was based on a bacterial culture obtained from the intestinal flora of inhabitants of Abkhasia, on the lipoprotein levels of a homogeneous group of middle-aged Danish men. Design: The study was randomised, double-blind, and placebo-controlled, and the intervention was performed for a period of 6 weeks. Subjects: Fifty-eight healthy, non-obese, normocholesterolaemic, male volunteers born in 1949 of Danish descent participated (i.e. all were 44 pears old). Interventions: During the intervention period the subjects' habitual diets were supplemented with 200 ml/day of either the new fermented milk product or a placebo product (chemically fermented). The biologically fermented milk product contained Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus termophilus. Fasting blood samples were drawn initially and after 3 and 6 weeks and analysed for plasma values of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and triglyceride. In addition, LDL-cholesterol was estimated. Results: After these 6 weeks total cholesterol was reduced significantly in the group given biologically fermented milk (-0.37 mmol/l, confidence interval: -0.51 to -0.23) while no changes were observed in the placebo group (-0.02 mmol/l) (P < 0.01). This reduction in total cholesterol could be completely ascribed to a fall in LDL-cholesterol by 10% (i.e. -0.42 mmol/l) since HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride were unchanged in both groups. Conclusions: Thus, this short-term study (6 weeks) demonstrated an LDL-cholesterol-lowering effect (10% reduction) of a new fermented milk product in middle-aged Danish men.
EDIBLE FATS AND OILS REFERENCE MATERIALS FOR STEROLS ANALYSIS WITH PARTICULAR ATTENTION TO CHOLESTEROL .1. INVESTIGATION OF SOME ANALYTICAL ASPECTS BY EXPERIENCED LABORATORIES; The work reported here is integrated into a programme organized by the Community Bureau of Reference with the aim of developing edible oil reference materials (RMs) certified for cholesterol content. One vegetable oil (RM 162, a blend of soya and maize oils) and two animal fats (RM 163, a blend of pig and beef fats, and RM 164, an anhydrous milk fat) possessing, respectively, low, medium and high cholesterol contents were chosen for this purpose. The present paper summarizes the analytical conclusions resulting from three interlaboratory trials carried out to identify and correct for the major sources of random and systematic errors linked to the protocol and to the gas-liquid chromatographic analysis. Several improvements to the methodology, and recommendations, have been proposed for the determination of individual sterols within the certification exercise. The latter will be reported elsewhere.
Variable effects of soy protein on plasma lipids in hyperlipidemic and normalipidemic hemodialysis patients; Background: Hyperlipidemic factors contribute to the high cardiovascular risk in hemodialysis patients. Soy protein has decreased some atherogenic lipid concentrations in subjects with normal renal function. This study evaluates the effect of soy protein on serum lipid profiles in hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic hemodialysis patients. Methods: Nineteen hyperlipidemic and 18 normolipidemic hemodialysis patients were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial. After a 4-week run-in phase, subjects in each category were randomly assigned to 2 groups. Thirty grams of isolated soy protein or milk protein was consumed daily as a beverage at breakfast or postdialysis for 12 weeks. Results: In hyperlipidemic subjects, soy protein intake significantly decreased total cholesterol levels by 18.6% (95% confidence interval [CI], -11.4 to -25.8; P = 0.04), triglyceride levels by 43.1% (95% Cl, -34.0 to -52.2; P = 0.02), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels by 23.6% (95% Cl, -14.7 to -32.5; P < 0.01), apolipoprotein B levels by 15.4% (95% Cl, -5.4 to -25.4; P = 0.01), and insulin levels by 49.8% (95% Cl, -23.3 to -66.1; P < 0.01). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was decreased significantly (-25.8%; 95% Cl, -8.3 to -42.7; P = 0.01), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level was increased significantly (17%; 95% Cl, 2 to 32.0; P = 0.03), but there was no significant difference compared with the milk protein group (-5.5% 16.9% and 7.0% 11.8%, respectively). There were no significant changes in serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in normolipidemic subjects. Conclusion: These results indicate soy protein substitution has lipid-lowering effects in hyperlipidemic hemodialysis patients. However, soy protein intake had little effect on plasma lipid levels in normolipidemic hemodialysis patients.
Lipid response to a low-fat diet with or without soy is modified by C-reactive protein status in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults; Recent evidence suggests that individuals with high concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), a marker of inflammation, are less responsive to cholesterol-lowering diets. CRP concentrations are increased by oral estrogen; however, the effect of soy phytoestrogens on inflammation has not been studied comprehensively, especially in women receiving hormone replacement therapy (HRT). This study was conducted to determine whether adding soy to a low-fat, high-fiber diet affects CRP and interleukin (IL)-6, and to examine the association between CRP levels and lipid response in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults (men = 18, postmenopausal women = 14; 6 receiving HRT). After a 3-wk run-in period with consumption of a Step 1 diet (27% total fat, 7% saturated fat, 275 mg cholesterol), participants were randomly assigned to diets containing 25 g/d soy protein (+ 90 mg/d isoflavones) or 25 g/d milk protein for 6 wk in a crossover design. Lipids and lipoproteins, CRP, and IL-6 were measured at the end of each diet and participants were categorized into high (> 3.5 mg/L) or low CRP groups based on a median split. The addition of soy or milk protein to the Step I diet did not affect lipids or inflammatory markers. Regardless of protein source, those with low CRP exhibited significant decreases in LDL cholesterol (-3.5%) and the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio (-4.8%), whereas those with high CRP had significant increases in LDL cholesterol (+4.8%), the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio (+5.2%), apolipoprotein B (+3.8%), and lipoprotein(a) (+13.5%) compared with the run-in diet. These results suggest that inflammation may not only attenuate lipid responses, but also aggravate dyslipidemia in hypercholesterolemic subjects consuming a cholesterol-lowering diet.
Effects of probiotics consumption on lowering lipids and CVD risk factors: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on the reduction of lipid components and coexisting risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease. All randomized controlled trials published in English on PubMed and Scopus from 2000 to 2014 were systematically searched. Using the PEDro scale to assess the quality of studies, a total of 15 studies with 788 subjects were selected for inclusion in the analysis. The mean difference and effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were extracted from individual studies. Statistically significant pooled effects of probiotics were found on reduction of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and inflammatory markers. Subgroup analysis revealed statistically significant effects of probiotics on total cholesterol and LDL when the medium was fermented milk or yogurt (P < 0.001) compared to capsule form, consumption was at least 8 weeks in duration (P < 0.001), and the probiotics consisted of multiple strains (P < 0.001) rather than a single strain. A significant reduction was found in LDL in trials which contained Lactobacillus Acidophilus strain (P < 0.001) compared to other types of strains. Our findings suggest that probiotic supplementation use is effective in lowering the lipid level and coexisting factors associated with cardiovascular disease.
Validation of the relationships of methionine, threonine, tryptophan and valine amino acids with the digestible lysine in the ideal protein in feedings for lactating sows; This experiment aimed at validating the relationship between digestible amino acids with the digestible lysine proposed on the basis of the ideal protein concept. This experiment used 120 lactating sows distributed in a complete randomized block design with six treatments and 20 repetitions and one sow per experimental unity. The diets were formulated based on a reference diet - which contained 19.5% of crude protein (CP) and 0.95% of digestible lysine supplemented with digestible methionine, threonine, tryptophan and/or valine to meet the ideal protein based determined relationships with digestible lysine. The diets did not change weight loss and variation, thickness and thickness variation of backfat, protein and body protein variation, fat and body fat variation, neither they changed the weaning-estrus interval or milk production of the sows. The relationships between metionine + cistine, threonine, tryptophan, and valine digestible amino acids with digestible lysine based proposed on ideal protein meet the requirements of lactating sows for better reproductive and productive performances.
Postprandial Effect of Orlistat on the Peaking of Lipid Level After Sequential High Fat Meals; Background: Postprandial lipemia has been found to be strongly associated with atherosclerosis due to its atherogenic and thrombogenic lipoprotein changes. This phenomenon occurs even in normal subjects especially after high fat meals. Orlistat, an anti-obesity drug, has been shown to address postprandial lipemia after a single high fat meal. Objectives: To compare the effects of orlistat and placebo on the postprandial lipid levels after sequential high-fat meals in healthy individuals with normal fasting lipid levels. Patients and Methods: Thirty-one healthy adult volunteers with normal fasting lipid levels were fed 50% fat meals (3 meals and 2 snacks of pre-weighted butter and bread). The subjects were blindly randomized to receive either placebo or orlistat 120 mg before each main meal. The outcome parameters were total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol levels measured at fasting (0 h) and every 2 h thereafter, until the sixteenth hour. Additionally, we estimated the lipid levels at the fifth and ninth hour. Results: The non-orlistat group showed a significant postprandial rise in the levels of TG and VLDL, which began 4 h after breakfast (P < 0.05); this rise in levels was sustained until 9 h after breakfast for TG and up to 10 h after breakfast for VLDL. In contrast, only one significant rise in both TG and VLDL levels (at 4 h after breakfast) was noted in the orlistat group. The maximum mean difference from the baseline TG level for the orlistat group was lower than that for the non-orlistat group (0.22 mmol/L vs. 0.756 mmol/L, respectively). Similarly, the maximum mean difference from the baseline VLDL level from baseline in the orlistat group was only 0.099 mmol/L, which was lower than that in the non-orlistat group (0.588 mmol/L). LDL levels rose to a lesser extent in the orlistat group than in the non-orlistat group (0.268 vs. 0.362 mmol/L). The TC levels did not show a postprandial rise; instead, the levels reduced in both groups, with the orlistat group showing a higher reduction than the non-orlistat group (-0.288 vs. -0.188 mmol/L). The orlistat group did not show any significant differences in the HDL measurements. Conclusions: Administration of orlistat abolished the significantly sustained postprandial rise of TG and VLDL levels in healthy individuals who were fed sequential 50% fat meals. Copyright (C) 2012 Kowsar Corp. All rights reserved.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet retains effectiveness to reduce blood pressure when lean pork is substituted for chicken and fish as the predominant source of protein; Background: Hypertension is a major, modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular and kidney disease and premature mortality that is improved by the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet. The DASH diet emphasizes increased consumption of fruit and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy, nuts, and poultry and fish and reduced intakes of fats, red meats (including pork), sodium, and added sugars. Objective: We sought to evaluate whether the consumption of lean pork compared with the consumption of chicken and fish as the predominant protein source in a DASH-style diet affected blood pressure (BP) control in men and women with elevated BP. Design: In a randomized crossover study, 13 women and 6 men [mean +/- SEM age: 61 +/- 2 y; BMI (in kg/m(2)): 31.2 +/- 1.4] with elevated BP [systolic blood pressure (SBP)/diastolic blood pressure (DBP): 130 +/- 2/85 +/- 2 mm Hg] consumed a DASH-style diet for two 6-wk controlled dietary interventions (with a 4-wk diet washout between interventions) with either lean pork [DASH diet with pork (DASH-P)] or chicken and fish [DASH diet with chicken and fish (DASH-CF), the control diet] as the major protein source (55% of total protein intake). SBP and DBP were measured manually and with a 24-h BP monitoring system on 3 d before and 3 d at the end of each diet intervention. Results: Preintervention manual BP (DASH-P: 130/84 +/- 2/1 mm Hg; DASH-CF: 129/84 +/- 2/1 mg Hg) and postintervention manual BP (DASH-P: 122/79 +/- 2/1 mm Hg; DASH-CF: 123/78 +/- 3/1) were not different between the DASH-P and DASH-CF. Consumption of these DASH-style diets for 6 wk reduced all measures of BP (P < 0.05) with no differences in responses between the DASH-CF and DASH-P. Conclusion: The results indicate that adults with elevated BP may effectively incorporate lean pork into a DASH-style diet for BP reduction. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01696097.
The effect of daily fortified yogurt consumption on weight loss in adults with metabolic syndrome: A 10-week randomized controlled trial; Background and Aims: Obesity is a complex and multifaceted condition. Thus, functional foods need investigation as novel adjunct treatments for obesity. The objective was to determine the effects of daily consumption of a fortified yogurt (FY) on weight loss in over-weight and obese patients with metabolic syndrome on a caloric-restricted diet. Methods and Results: This was a randomized, double-blind, 10-week study. Participants were randomly allocated to two groups receiving either two servings (2 x 250 g)/day of FY with whey protein, calcium, vitamin D, prebiotic fibre and probiotic cultures (n = 44) or a low-fat plain yogurt (PY) (n = 43). All participants were put on a calorie-restricted diet throughout the 10-week study. Body composition and biochemical indices were assessed before and after the intervention. Body mass decreased by 4.3 +/- 1.9 kg and 5.1 +/- 3.0 kg in the PY and FY groups, respectively, following the 10-week intervention. Compared to PY, consumption of FY resulted in a significant reduction in body fat mass (FM) (p = 0.023), body fat percentage (p = 0.028), waist circumference (p = 0.002), homoeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (p = 0.025), triglyceride concentration (p = 0.003), and a significant increase in total 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentration (p < 0.001), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (p = 0.009) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (0.022). Participants consuming the FY lost less fat-free mass (FFM) compared to the PY group (Delta = -0.9 +/- 3.5 kg vs. Delta = -2.0 +/- 2.7 kg; p = 0.025). Conclusions: Consuming FY for 10-weeks improved body composition and metabolic parameters, while on a caloric-restricted diet. Further research is needed to elucidate whether FY can be used as a preventative strategy for metabolic syndrome in obese persons. (C) 2018 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University.
Effects of low-fat hard cheese enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipids and apolipoprotein B in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects; Objective: To investigate the cholesterol-lowering effects of a low-fat cheese enriched with plant stanol esters in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects, as part of their normal diet. Design: A randomized double-blind parallel-group study. Setting: Valio Ltd, Helsinki. Subjects: Sixty-seven mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers (24 men, 43 women) participated in the study, which all of them completed. Interventions: The subjects were randomly assigned to the plant stanol ester group or the control group. During the 5-week intervention, the subjects in the stanol group consumed a cheese enriched with 2 g of plant stanols per day, and the subjects in the control group, a control cheese with no plant stanols. Results: In the stanol ester group, as compared to the control group, both serum total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreased significantly, that is, by 5.8% (-0.32 mmol/ l, 95% CI -0.50 to -0.15 mmol/ l, P < 0.001) and 10.3% (-0.36 mmol/ l, 95% CI -0.53 to -0.18 mmol/ l, P < 0.001), respectively. There were no significant changes in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), triglycerides or apolipoprotein B concentrations between the groups. Conclusion: Cheese enriched with 2 g of plant stanol in the form of fatty acid esters decreases serum total and LDL cholesterol significantly.
Effect of ideal protein versus low-fat diet for weight loss: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Current guidelines call for peer-reviewed evidence of efficacy and safety for commercial weight loss programs to be recommended as options for those seeking to lose weight. Objectives: This study investigated the Ideal Protein (IP) system, a commercial weight loss program, compared to a guideline-based, low-calorie/low-fat (LCLF) dietary behavioral intervention on body weight and CVD risk factors in adults with obesity. Methods: In this randomized, assessor-blinded, parallel-group trial, 192 participants with body mass index (BMI) >= 30 and <= 49 kg/m(2) were assigned to either the IP Phase I diet or LFLC diet interventions. The IP Phase I is focused on lean protein and vegetables with avoidance of fruit and dairy, while the LFLC diet goals include <30% of daily energy from fat, <7% from saturated fat, 55% from carbohydrate, and an energy deficit of 500 kcal/day. The primary endpoint was change in body weight at 3 months. Secondary endpoints included change in waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG), fasting glucose (FG), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). Results: The mean +/- SD of change in weight at 3 months was -9.6 +/- 12.7 kg in the IP group as compared to -1.6 +/- 27.2 kg in the LFLC group. The mean between-group difference in change at 3 months was -8.1 kg (95% confidence interval [CI] -16.6 to 0.6; p = 0.05). Additional significant between-group differences included WC, HC, TC, and TG levels, all favoring the IP group. There were no serious adverse events during the intervention period. Conclusions: The present findings demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the IP weight loss program as compared to a guideline-based LCLF dietary behavioral intervention among black and white adults with obesity and CVD risk factors, providing support for the effectiveness of the program.
EFFECT OF FEEDING GILOY (<i>TINOSPORA CORDIFOLIA</i>) AND FENUGREEK (<i>TRIGONELLA FOENUM</i>-<i>GRAECUM</i>) ON LIPID PROFILE IN JERSEY CROSSBRED COWS; The study was conducted on Jersey crossbred lactating cows maintained at the Instructional Livestock Farm, College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, CSKHPKV, Palampur (Himachal Pradesh), India. The lactating cows were randomly divided into four groups, each group having six animals. T-1, T-2 and T-3 group cows received Giloy stem powder (150 g), or Fenugreek seed powder (150 g), and a combination of both the herbs (75 g of each) respectively, mixed with the concentrate feed for 60 days while the control group (T-0) received only the concentrate. Blood sampling was done fortnightly, from Day 0 to Day 75. Blood plasma samples were analyzed for Triacylglycerol (TAG), Total Cholesterol, High Density lipoproteins (HDL) and Low density lipoproteins (LDL) plasma levels. It was found that fenugreek alone or in combination with giloy was effective in lowering the Total Cholesterol and LDL levels (p<0.05) in the blood of lactating dairy cows. TAG and HDL levels remained unchanged in control and treated animals. Feeding of giloy alone did not bring about any reduction in lipid profile of the treated animals.
No effects of low and high consumption of dairy products and calcium supplements on body composition and serum lipids in Puerto Rican obese adults; Objective: Epidemiologic studies have shown that a high calcium intake is related to lower body weight, fat, and serum lipids in obese individuals. However, clinical studies have shown inconclusive results. The present study was conducted to determine if dairy or calcium supplementation alters body composition or serum lipids in Puerto Rican obese adults without dietary energy restriction or exercise. Methods: A 21-wk randomized clinical trial was conducted in 30 obese adults, aged 21-50 y, with usual calcium intakes <700 mg/d. Subjects were randomly assigned to the following: high dairy (similar to 1300 mg/d of calcium from dairy products by substituting foods); high calcium (similar to 1300 mg/d of calcium; similar to 700 mg/d from diet and 600 mg/d from a supplement); or placebo. Subjects were asked to continue their established dietary intake (except for the high dairy group) and their physical activity during the study. Body weight was measured monthly; body fat, bone, and serum lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, and triacylglycerol) were measured at baseline and at 21 wk. Pairwise differences in study endpoints among the groups were assessed using ANOVA and post-hoc analysis. Results: Grand mean calcium intake was 1200 370 (median 1187) mg/d in the high dairy group, 1171 +/- 265 (median 1165) mg/d in the high calcium group, and 668 +/- 273 (median 691) mg/d in the control group, which was significantly lower compared to the two treatment groups (P < 0.001). There were no significant group effects in any of the outcome variables. Conclusion: A high dairy or calcium diet alone did not alter body composition or serum lipids profile in a sample of Puerto Rican obese adults. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nutritional Intervention and the Impact on Adherence to Treatment in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome; Background: Metabolic syndrome is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular events disease and type 2 diabetes. Treatment includes modifications on life style, diet and physical activity. Treatment adherence plays a crucial role in the successful treatment of this disease. Objective: To evaluate two models of dietary intervention, and the relationship with adherence to treatment and impact on clinical improvement of patients with metabolic syndrome. Methods: Randomized clinical trial, lasting four months. Participants were randomized assigned to the intervention or control group. Both groups were instructed to follow a diet for 4 months. Subjects in the intervention group additionally received an intervention package, with metabolic syndrome manual book, telephone counseling and nutrition education leaflets. In both groups nutritional anamnesis, anthropometric assessment, dietary assessment, individualized dietary and biochemical tests were done. Results: Patients who arrived more motivated were those who has the greatest reduction in the values of body mass index, which decreased from 31.7 kg/m(2) (SD +/- 3.9) to 30.9 kg/m(2) (SD +/- 3.8), reduction in waist circumference was 108.1 cm (SD +/- 9.8) to 105.9 cm (SD +/- 9.5). The statistically significant associations were in the correlation between body mass index, blood glucose and triglycerides, reducing the consumption of whole milk, increased consumption of whole grains and skimmed milk and between the increase in vegetable intake and reducing triglycerides. Conclusion: Both groups showed significant improvement in all clinical parameters that was significantly associated with the previous motivation. Patients who arrived more motivated were those who responded better to treatment. (Arq Bras Cardiol 2011; 97(3) : 217-224)
Low and moderate-fat plant sterol fortified soymilk in modulation of plasma lipids and cholesterol kinetics in subjects with normal to high cholesterol concentrations: report on two randomized crossover studies; Background: Although consumption of various plant sterol (PS)-enriched beverages is effective in lowering plasma cholesterol, the lipid-lowering potential of PS in a soymilk format has not been investigated thoroughly. Therefore, to evaluate the efficacy of PS-enriched soy beverages on plasma lipids and cholesterol kinetics, we conducted two separate 28 d dietary controlled cross-over studies. In study 1, the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a low-fat (2 g/serving) PS enriched soy beverage was examined in 33 normal cholesterolemic subjects in comparison with 1% dairy milk. In study 2, we investigated the efficacy of a moderate-fat (3.5 g/serving) PS-enriched soy beverage on plasma cholesterol concentrations and cholesterol kinetic responses in 23 hypercholesterolemic subjects compared with 1% dairy milk. Both the low and moderate-fat PS-enriched soymilk varieties provided 1.95 g PS/d. Endpoint plasma variables were analyzed by repeated-measures ANOVA using baseline values as covariates for plasma lipid measurements. Results: In comparison with the 1% dairy milk control, the low-fat soy beverage reduced (P < 0.05) total and LDL-cholesterol by 10 and 13%, respectively. Consumption of the moderate-fat PS-enriched soy beverage reduced (P < 0.05) plasma total and LDL-cholesterol by 12 and 15% respectively. Fasting triglycerides were reduced by 9.4% following consumption of the moderate-fat soy beverage in comparison with the 1% dairy milk. Both low and moderate-fat PS-enriched soy varieties reduced (P < 0.05) LDL:HDL and TC:HDL ratios compared with the 1% dairy milk control. Consumption of the moderate-fat PS-enriched soymilk reduced (P < 0.05) cholesterol absorption by 27%, but did not alter cholesterol synthesis in comparison with 1% dairy milk. Conclusion: We conclude that, compared to 1% dairy milk, consumption of low and moderate-fat PS-enriched soy beverages represents an effective dietary strategy to reduce circulating lipid concentrations in normal to hypercholesterolemic individuals by reducing intestinal cholesterol absorption.
Clustering of adherence to personalised dietary recommendations and changes in healthy eating index within the Food4Me study; Objective: To characterise clusters of individuals based on adherence to dietary recommendations and to determine whether changes in Healthy Eating Index (HEI) scores in response to a personalised nutrition (PN) intervention varied between clusters. Design: Food4Me study participants were clustered according to whether their baseline dietary intakes met European dietary recommendations. Changes in HEI scores between baseline and month 6 were compared between clusters and stratified by whether individuals received generalised or PN advice. Setting: Pan-European, Internet-based, 6-month randomised controlled trial. Subjects: Adults aged 18-79 years (n 1480). Results: Individuals in cluster 1 (C1) met all recommended intakes except for red meat, those in cluster 2 (C2) met two recommendations, and those in cluster 3 (C3) and cluster 4 (C4) met one recommendation each. C1 had higher intakes of white fish, beans and lentils and low-fat dairy products and lower percentage energy intake from SFA (P < 0.05). C2 consumed less chips and pizza and fried foods than C3 and C4 (P < 0.05). C1 were lighter, had lower BMI and waist circumference than C3 and were more physically active than C4 (P < 0.05). More individuals in C4 were smokers and wanted to lose weight than in C1 (P < 0.05). Individuals who received PN advice in C4 reported greater improvements in HEI compared with C3 and C1 (P < 0.05). Conclusions: The cluster where the fewest recommendations were met (C4) reported greater improvements in HEI following a 6-month trial of PN whereas there was no difference between clusters for those randomised to the Control, non-personalised dietary intervention.
Effects of feeding sodium stearoyl-2-lactylate diets to lactating sows on performance, digestibility of nutrients, composition, and fat globule size in milk; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of feeding sodium stearoyl-2-lactylate (SSL) as a new feeding emulsifier diet with and without soybean oil (SO) on the milk fat globule (MFG) size, milk composition, digestibility of nutrients, and performance in lactating sows. Sixty sows (Large White x Landrace) were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments according to a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Each treatment had 15 replicates composed of 1 sow. The factors included 1) the fat level (0% vs. 3% SO) and 2) the emulsifier content (0% vs. 0.1% SSL). Treatments included 1) Control (without SO and SSL), 2) SO (3% SO without SSL), 3) SSL (0.1% SSL without SO), and 4) SO +SSL (3% SO and 0.1% SSL). During the suckling period, sows in the SO +SSL group lost less back fat thickness (P < 0.05) compared to other groups; sows fed 3% SO diets consumed less feed (P < 0.05) compared to sows fed diets without SO, but there were no significant effects (P > 0.05) of dietary fat and its interaction with a dietary emulsifier on energy intake and the weaning-estrus interval. The digestibility of ether extract in the SO +SSL group was greater than in the SO group (P < 0.05). Moreover, greater digestibility of CP, Ca, and P in the SO+SSL group was observed compared to that of other groups (P < 0.05). Feeding the SO +SSL diet improved the concentrations of milk fat, protein, and total solids on d 11 of lactation compared to other diets (P < 0.05). Also, an interaction between supplemental SSL and SO was observed for the milk fat and total solids concentrations. The average diameter of MFG on d 11 of lactation was significantly decreased by the addition of 0.1% SSL compared to a diet with no SSL supplementation (P < 0.05). No significant differences among the dietary treatments were observed in cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in sows' plasma (P > 0.05). In conclusion, feeding a 0.1% SSL diet to lactating sows may decrease the average diameter of MFG and improve the digestibility of nutrients and composition of milk.
IMPACT OF MYRISTIC ACID VERSUS PALMITIC ACID ON SERUM-LIPID AND LIPOPROTEIN LEVELS IN HEALTHY WOMEN AND MEN; The cholesterol-raising effect of dietary saturated fatty acids is largely accounted for by lauric, myristic, and palmitic acids. Dairy fat is a major source of myristic acid, and palm oil is especially rich in palmitic acid. Myristic acid is suspected of being much more cholesterolemic than palmitic acid, but direct comparisons have been lacking. We therefore fed 36 women and 23 men three diets that differed from each other in palmitic, oleic, and myristic acid content by about 10% of total energy. We used palm oil, high-oleic acid sunflower oil, and a specially produced high-myristic acid fat to achieve these differences. Each diet was consumed for 3 weeks in random order. Mean serum cholesterol was 4.53 mmol/L on the high-oleic acid diet, 4.96 mmol/L on the palmitic acid diet, and 5.19 mmol/L on the myristic acid diet (P<.0001 for all comparisons). Myristic acid raised low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 0.11 mmol/L, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 0.12 mmol/L, and apolipoprotein (apo) A-I by 7.2 mg/dL relative to palmitic acid; increases relative to oleic acid were 0.50 mmol/L for LDL cholesterol 0.15 mmol/L for HDL cholesterol, 6.0 mg/dL for apoB, and 8.9 mg/dL for apoA-I (P<.01 for all comparisons). The HDL cholesterol and apoA-I levels on the palmitic and oleic acid diets were the same. None of the responses differed significantly between women and men. Myristic acid and palmitic acid both caused high LDL cholesterol and apoB levels and low HDL to LDL ratios. Thus, diets for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia should be low in myristic and palmitic acids.
Using a Paleo Ratio to Assess Adherence to Paleolithic Dietary Recommendations in a Randomized Controlled Trial of Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes; This study is a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial using Paleolithic diet and exercise in individuals with type 2 diabetes. We hypothesized that increased adherence to the Paleolithic diet was associated with greater effects on blood pressure, blood lipids and HbA1c independent of weight loss. Participants were asked to follow a Paleolithic diet for 12 weeks and were randomized to supervised exercise or general exercise recommendations. Four-day food records were analyzed, and food items characterized as "Paleolithic" or "not Paleolithic". Foods considered Paleolithic were lean meat, poultry, fish, seafood, fruits, nuts, berries, seeds, vegetables, and water to drink; "not Paleolithic" were legumes, cereals, sugar, salt, processed foods, and dairy products. A Paleo ratio was calculated by dividing the Paleolithic calorie intake by total calorie intake. A multiple regression model predicted the outcome at 12 weeks using the Paleo ratio, group affiliation, and outcome at baseline as predictors. The Paleo ratio increased from 28% at baseline to 94% after the intervention. A higher Paleo ratio was associated with lower fat mass, BMI, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, and serum triglycerides at 12 weeks, but not with lower HbA1c levels. The Paleo ratio predicted triglyceride levels independent of weight loss (p = 0.046). Moreover, an increased monounsaturated/saturated fatty acids ratio and an increased polyunsaturated/saturated fatty acids ratio was associated with lower triglyceride levels independent of weight loss. (p = 0.017 and p = 0.019 respectively). We conclude that a higher degree of adherence to the Paleolithic diet recommendations improved fat quality and was associated with improved triglyceride levels independent of weight loss among individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a microencapsulated bile salt hydrolase-active <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242 yoghurt formulation in hypercholesterolaemic adults; Several studies have reported limited or no reduction in serum cholesterol in response to probiotic formulations. Recently, probiotics have shown promise in treating metabolic disease due to improved strain selection and delivery technologies. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a yoghurt formulation containing microencapsulated bile salt hydrolase ((BSH)-active Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242, taken twice per d over 6 weeks, in hypercholesterolaemic adults. A total of 114 subjects completed this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised, parallel-arm, multi-centre study. This interventional study included a 2-week washout, 2-week run-in and 6-week treatment period. Subjects were randomised to consume either yoghurts containing microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 or placebo yoghurts. Over the intervention period, subjects consuming yoghurts containing microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 attained significant reductions in LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) of 8.92% (P = 0.016), total cholesterol (TC) of 4.81% (P = 0.031) and non-HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) of 6.01% (P = 0.029) over placebo, and a significant absolute change in apoB-100 of -01.9 mmol/l (P = 0.049). Serum concentrations of TAG and HDL-C were unchanged over the course of the study. Present results show that consumption of microencapsulated BSH-active L. mitten. NCIMB 30242 yoghurt is efficacious and safe for lowering LDL-C, TC, apoB-100 and non-HDL-C in hypercholesterolaemic subjects. The efficacy of microencapsulated BSH-active L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 yoghurts appears to be superior to traditional probiotic therapy and akin to that of other cholesterol-lowering ingredients.
Effect of coconut oil on cardio-metabolic risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis of interventional studies; Background and aims: High total cholesterol (TC) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) could be major risk factors for cardiovascular disease burden among high risk populations especially in South Asians. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to quantify the effects of coconut oil compared with other oils and fats on cardio-metabolic parameters. Methods: PubMed, Scopus and Web of Science were systematically searched. The main outcomes included are lipid and glycemic parameters. Subgroup analyses were performed to evaluate individual comparisons of vegetable oils and animal fat with coconut oil. Data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. Results: Coconut oil consumption significantly increased TC by 15.42 mg/dL (95% CI, 8.96-21.88, p < 0.001), LDL-C by 10.14 mg/dL (95% CI, 4.44-15.84, p <0.001) and high density lipoprorein cholesterol (HDL-C) by 2.61 mg/dL (95% CI, 0.95-4.26, p = 0.002), and significantly decreased glycosylated hemoglobin (HbAlc) by 0.39 mg/dL (95% CI, -0.50 to -0.27, p < 0.001) but, it had no effects on triglycerides (TG), (4.25 mg/dL; 95% CI, -0.49-8.99, p = 0.08) when compared with the control group. Sub-group analysis demonstrated that coconut oil significantly increased TC and LDL-C over corn, palm, soybean and safflower oils and not over olive oil. Compared with butter, coconut oil showed a better pattern in cardio-metabolic markers by significantly increasing HDL-C (4.38 mg/dL, 95% CI, 0.40 to 8.36, p = 0.03) and decreasing LDL-C (-14.90 mg/dL, 95% CI, -23.02 to-6.77, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Our results suggest that coconut oil consumption results in significantly higher TC, LDL-C and HDL-C than other oils. Consumption of coconut oil can be one of the risk factors for CVDs in South Asians. 2020 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. (C) 2020 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sucrose-sweetened beverages increase fat storage in the liver, muscle, and visceral fat depot: a 6-mo randomized intervention study; Background: The consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) has been associated with obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disorders in observational and short-term intervention studies. Too few long-term intervention studies in humans have examined the effects of soft drinks. Objective: We compared the effects of SSSDs with those of isocaloric milk and a noncaloric soft drink on changes in total fat mass and ectopic fat deposition (in liver and muscle tissue). Design: Overweight subjects (n = 47) were randomly assigned to 4 different test drinks (1 L/d for 6 mo): SSSD (regular cola), isocaloric semiskim milk, aspartame-sweetened diet cola, and water. The amount of intrahepatic fat and intramyocellular fat was measured with H-1-magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Other endpoints were fat mass, fat distribution (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging), and metabolic risk factors. Results: The relative changes between baseline and the end of 6-mo intervention were significantly higher in the regular cola group than in the 3 other groups for liver fat (132-143%, sex-adjusted mean; P < 0.01), skeletal muscle fat (117-221%; P < 0.05), visceral fat (24-31%; P < 0.05), blood triglycerides (32%; P < 0.01), and total cholesterol (11%; P < 0.01). Total fat mass was not significantly different between the 4 beverage groups. Milk and diet cola reduced systolic blood pressure by 10-15% compared with regular cola (P < 0.05). Otherwise, diet cola had effects similar to those of water. Conclusion: Daily intake of SSSDs for 6 mo increases ectopic fat accumulation and lipids compared with milk, diet cola, and water. Thus, daily intake of SSSDs is likely to enhance the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00777647. Ant J Clin Nutr 2012;95:283-9.
Diets with high-fat cheese, high-fat meat, or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women: a randomized crossover trial; Background: Heart associations recommend limited intake of saturated fat. However, effects of saturated fat on low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol concentrations and cardiovascular disease risk might depend on nutrients and specific saturated fatty acids (SFAs) in food. Objective: We explored the effects of cheese and meat as sources of SFAs or isocaloric replacement with carbohydrates on blood lipids, lipoproteins, and fecal excretion of fat and bile acids. Design: The study was a randomized, crossover, open-label intervention in 14 overweight postmenopausal women. Three full-diet periods of 2-wk duration were provided separated by 2-wk washout periods. The isocaloric diets were as follows: 1) a high-cheese (96-120-g) intervention [i.e., intervention containing cheese (CHEESE)], 2) a macronutrient-matched nondairy, high-meat control [i.e., nondairy control with a high content of high-fat processed and unprocessed meat in amounts matching the saturated fat content from cheese in the intervention containing cheese (MEAT)], and 3) a nondairy, low-fat, high-carbohydrate control (i.e., nondairy low-fat control in which the energy from cheese fat and protein was isocalorically replaced by carbohydrates and lean meat (CARB). Results: The CHEESE diet caused a 5% higher high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentration (P = 0.012), an 8% higher apo A-I concentration (P < 0.001), and a 5% lower apoB: apo A-I ratio (P = 0.008) than did the CARB diet. Also, the MEAT diet caused an 8% higher HDL-cholesterol concentration (P < 0.001) and a 4% higher apo A-I concentration (P = 0.033) than did the CARB diet. Total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apoB, and triacylglycerol were similar with the 3 diets. Fecal fat excretion was 1.8 and 0.9 g higher with the CHEESE diet than with CARB and MEAT diets (P < 0.001 and P = 0.004, respectively) and 0.9 g higher with the MEAT diet than with the CARB diet (P = 0.005). CHEESE and MEAT diets caused higher fecal bile acid excretion than did the CARB diet (P < 0.05 and P = 0.006, respectively). The dominant type of bile acids excreted differed between CHEESE and MEAT diets. Conclusions: Diets with cheese and meat as primary sources of SFAs cause higher HDL cholesterol and apo A-I and, therefore, appear to be less atherogenic than is a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet. Also, our findings confirm that cheese increases fecal fat excretion.
Effect of ensiled tomato pomace on performance and antioxidant status in the peripartum dairy cow; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of partial replacing whole crop maize silage with ensiled tomato pomace (ETP) on feed intake, digestibility, milk yield and composition, antioxidant status and immune response in dairy cows. Fifty pregnant Holstein dairy cows were randomly assigned to 2 groups of 25 cows each, according to calving dates and body weights (BW). Animals from control group were fed total mixed ration (TMR) diet containing whole crop maize silage, while the experimental group was fed TMR diet with 10% replacement of crop maize silage with ETP silage (dry base). The measurements of blood biochemical and antioxidant, and immunity indices were carried out before calving, at calving, 7 and 14 days after it. Also 14 days after calving feed intake, digestibility, milk yield and composition were examined. It was shown that dry matter (DM) intake and digestibility increased when 10% of dietary maize silage was replaced with ETP. In animals fed experimental diet milk yield and composition were not altered, but the concentration of vitamins in milk significantly increased. Adding ETP to the diet numerically increased concentrations of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase. Improved antioxidant status and increased immunoglobulins A, G, M (IgA, IgG, IgM) before parturition were observed in experimental animals. So, it is suggested that dietary 10% replacement of maize silage with ETP had positive effect on milk vitamin contents, antioxidant and immune functions in the early lactating dairy cows.
Beneficial effects of Bifidobacterium lactis on lipid profile and cytokines in patients with metabolic syndrome: A randomized trial. Effects of probiotics on metabolic syndrome; Objective: Human studies have shown the beneficial effects of probiotic microorganisms on the parameters of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and other cardiovascular risks, but to our knowledge the effect of Bifidobacterium lactis has not yet been reported. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of consumption of milk containing the probiotic B. lactis HNO19 on the classical parameters of MetS and other related cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: Fifty-one patients with MetS were selected and divided into a control group (n = 25) and a probiotic group (n = 26). The probiotic group consumed fermented milk with probiotics over the course of 45 d. The effects of B. lactis on lipid profile, glucose metabolism, and proinflammatory cytokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6) were assessed in blood samples of the individuals at the baseline and after 45 d. Results: Daily ingestion of 80 mL fermented milk with 2.72 x 1010 colony-forming units of B. lactis HNO19 showed significant reduction in body mass index (P = 0.017), total cholesterol (P = 0.009), and low-density lipoprotein (P = 0.008) compared with baseline and control group values. Furthermore, a significant decrease in tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P = 0.033) and interleukin-6 (P = 0.044) proinflammatory cytokines was observed. Conclusion: These data showed potential effects of B. lactis HNO19 in reducing obesity, blood lipids, and some inflammatory markers, which may reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with MetS. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary <i>trans</i> α-linolenic acid from deodorised rapeseed oil and plasma lipids and lipoproteins in healthy men:: the <i>Trans</i>LinE Study; Trans isomers of alpha -linolenic acid, which are formed by deodorization of refined vegetable oils, can be found in significant amounts in edible oils. Effects of trans ol-linolenic acid on plasma lipoproteins are unknown. We therefore investigated the effects of trans alpha -linolenic acid on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in healthy European men. Eighty-eight healthy men from three European countries (France, Scotland, UK and the Netherlands) first consumed for 6 weeks a diet with experimental oils 'free' of trans fatty acids (run-in period). For the next 6 weeks, they were randomly allocated to a diet with experimental oils 'high' or 'low' in trans alpha -linolenic acid. Daily total trans alpha -linolenic acid intake in the high trans group was 1410 (range 583-2642) mg. Experimental oils were provided as such, or incorporated into margarines, cheeses, muffins and biscuits. The high trans alpha -linolenic acid diet significantly increased the plasma LDL-:HDL-cholesterol ratio by 8.1 % (95 % CI 1.4, 15.3; P = 0.02), and the total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratio by 5.1 % (95 % CI 0.4, 9.9; P = 0.03) compared with the low-trans diet. This was largely explained by an increase in LDL-cholesterol on the high-trans diet, while no change was observed in the low-trans group (mean treatment effect of 4.7 % (95 % CI -0.8, 10.5; P = 0.10). No effects were found on total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, apolipoprotein B and A-1, and lipoprotein(a) concentrations. In conclusion, trans alpha -linolenic acid may increase plasma LDL-:HDL-cholesterol and total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratios. Whether diet-induced changes in these ratios truly affects the risk for CHD remains to be established.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of bovine serum immunoglobulin in participants with mild hypercholesterolemia; Background: The consumption of milk products has been shown to lower cholesterol. The mechanism of action surrounding this observation has been attributed to the protein fraction of milk and serum. Objective: We examined the effect of an oral serum bovine immunoglobulin protein fraction (bIg) derived from US Department of Agriculture-approved beef (aged < 30 mo) on lipid indexes in humans. Design: Participants included men and women (aged 25-70 y) with hypercholesterolemia (5.44-6.99 mmol/L) who were not receiving cholesterol-lowering medication. Treatment consisted of the randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled administration of 5 g bIg for 6 wk in 52 participants (n = 26 each in treatment and control groups). Results: Mean (+/- SD) total cholesterol (TC) at baseline was 6.33 +/- 0.1 mmol/L for bIg and 6.16 +/- 0.1 mmol/L for placebo. A repeated-measures multivariate analysis of covariance covaried for change in total energy and alcohol intake and Tukey's post hoc examination of our data showed that the bIg-treated group had a significant reduction in TC at 3 wk (5.98 +/- 0.5 mmol/L; P < 0.05) and 6 wk (5.97 +/- 0.7 mmol/L; P < 0.05). The concentration at 6 wk was significantly different from that in the placebo group (P < 0.05). This reduction was largely due to a decrease in LDL cholesterol in the bIg-treated group from baseline (4.12 +/- 0.6 mmol/L) at 3 wk (3.92 +/- 0.7 mmol/L, P < 0.05) and at 6 wk (3.84 +/- 0.6 mmol/L, P < 0.05); the 6-wk concentration differed significantly between the treatment and placebo groups (P < 0.05). We observed no significant changes in the placebo group or in any other lipid indexes or markers associated with hepatorenal or cardiovascular function. Conclusion: Consumption of bIg appears to positively modulate primary lipid indexes associated with cardiovascular disease.
Conjugated linoleic acid and disease prevention: A review of current knowledge; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), a derivative of a fatty acid linoleic acid (LA), has been reported to decrease tumorigenesis in animals. CLA is unique because unlike most antioxidants which are components of plant products, it is present in food from animal sources such as dairy foods and meats. CLA concentrations in dairy products typically range from 2.9 to 8.92 mg/g fat of which the 9-cis, 11-trans isomer makes up to 73% to 93% of the total CLA. Low concentrations of CLA are found in human blood and tissues. In vitro results suggest that CLA is cytotoxic to MCF-7 cells and it inhibits the proliferation of human malignant melanoma and colorectal cancer cells. In animal studies, CLA has inhibited the development of mouse epidermal tumors, mouse forestomach cancer and rat mammary cancer. Hamsters fed CLA collectively had significantly reduced levels of plasma total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, (combined very-low and low-density lipoprotein! and triglycerides with no effect on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, as compared to controls. Dietary CLA modulated certain aspects of the immune defense but had no obvious effect on the growth of an established, aggressive mammary tumor in mice. It is now thought that CLA itself may not have anti-oxidant capabilities but may produce substances which protect cells from the detrimental effects of peroxides. There is, however, insufficient evidence from human epidemiological data, and very few of the animal studies have shown a dose-response relationship with the quantity of CLA feed and the extent of tumor growth. Further research with tumor models is needed to test the efficacy and utility of CLA in cancer and other disease prevention and form the basis of evaluating its effect in humans by observational studies and clinical trials.
Blood Parameters of Lactating Cows Fed Calcium Salts as Energetic Source; Background: The negative energetic balance of lactating cows that occurs during the few weeks postpartum shifts the hormonal profile of the animal. These alterations may lead to metabolic disturbance as ketosis and lipid infiltration. Hypocalcemia is another metabolic problem that occurs in the peripartum period, it is characterized by the reduction in blood levels of calcium (Ca2+) near birth. Blood parameters illustrates the nutritional status of milking cows. The serum levels of glucose, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) and cholesterol are parameters that reveal liver condition and it is very important for the metabolism of milking cows. The objective of this study was to evaluate three additives in the form of a calcium salts on blood parameters of lactating cows. Materials, Methods & Results: Two Latin square 4x4 were used, whereas one comprehended of early lactation cows and the other of mid lactation cows. Animals of 2nd and 3rd parity were used only. Parity was distributed evenly among groups. The trial consisted of 4 groups with 4 treatments as follow: T1: 300 g of calcium acetate, T2: 200 g of calcium propionate, T3: 200 g of calcium salts of fatty acids, and T4: control without any calcium additive. Blood samples were collected for analysis of serial calcium, glucose, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) and cholesterol. The calcium levels were higher in T1 than T3 in early lactation. There was no significant difference of glucose levels between groups. Groups T1 and T2 had lower amounts of BHBA. Cholesterol was higher in T3 and T1 in the early lactation and just in T3 was higher in the mid lactation. Discussion: Adjust the Ca2+ flow due to high feed consumption and milk production near birth is a big challenge for milking cows due to the difficulties to maintain normal serial levels of Ca2+ in the early lactation. The lower serial levels of Ca2+ in the group supplemented with calcium salts of fatty acids is due to its physical characteristics that reduces its effects on ruminal microbiota and also reduced absorption of fatty acids in intestine. The evaluation of total cholesterol can be a parameter to judge the productive capacity of milking cows, because it demonstrates the capacity of corporal fat mobilization and ingestion of energy to produce milk. An increase of total cholesterol in cows supplemented with calcium salts of fatty acids is justified by the higher intake of fatty acids in the feed containing fat, which leads to a greater lipid metabolism in blood. As the literature has limited information about calcium acetate, it is believed that the animals supplemented with calcium acetate showed higher levels of cholesterol because the acetate is converted to Acetyl coenzime A, it is the basis for cholesterol biosynthesis in lactating cows. The BHBA can be considered as an indicator of negative energetic balance due to its correlation between energetic demand and energy reserves. As propionate is produced by ruminal fermentation and is the principal source for gluconeogenesis in peripartum cows, it lowered level of BHBA in the propionate supplemented group. The acetate availability is fundamental to attend the energetic requirements of lactating cows. The acetate enters in the synthesis of fatty acids as Acetyl coenzyme-A or enters in Krebs cycle through condensation with oxaloacetate, this explains the lower serial levels of BHB in group T1. It was concluded that T1 and T2 lowered the values of BHBA in early lactation cows and the animals supplemented with calcium salts of fatty acids and calcium acetate shower higher levels of cholesterol in early lactation and the T3 group in the mid lactation.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Alteration in plasma lipid and lipoprotein profile has been documented in diabetic patients. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on lipid profile in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Materials and Methods: A total of 44 patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30-60 years old who had low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) >= 100 mg/dl enrolled in this randomized, double - blind controlled trial and were assigned to two intervention and control groups. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La-5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb-12 and subjects in the control group consumed 300 g/d conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intake, and serum lipid profile were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention. Independent-sample t-test, paired sample t-test, ANCOVA, and repeated measures were used for statistical analysis. Results: The consumption of probiotic yogurt caused significant decrease in LDL-c/high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ratio (3.13 +/- 1.00-2.07 +/- 0.71, P = 0.016). The levels of HDL-c were increased significantly (43.66 +/- 6.80-50.42 +/- 6.64, P = 0.023) in the intervention group postintervention. However, there were no significant differences in triglyceride and total cholesterol levels between two groups postintervention (P < 0.05). Conclusion: It is suggested that probiotic yogurt consumption may be used as an alternative prevention approach and treatment method to improve dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of probiotic supplementation on the regulation of blood lipid levels in overweight or obese subjects: a meta-analysis; Background: Obesity is a risk factor for many deadly diseases. Meanwhile, the prevalence of obesity has been continuously increasing in many countries. Probiotics are defined as live microorganisms that confer health benefits on hosts. Probiotic supplementation could reduce body weight, body mass index (BMI) and fat percentage. However, it is unclear whether supplementation with probiotics is beneficial to lower blood lipid levels for obese or overweight people. Methods: In this study, a comprehensive search across multiple databases was performed to identify studies that focused on the effects of probiotics on blood lipid levels in overweight or obese subjects. The meta-analysis included studies that compared the variations in blood lipid (total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglyceride (TG)) concentrations between overweight and obese subjects who were supplemented with probiotics versus the controls who were not supplemented with probiotics. Results: Our findings indicated that probiotic supplementation in obese or overweight people was associated with significantly larger reductions in TC and LDL levels compared to a lack of probiotic supplementation in the control subjects. However, there was no significant difference in the variations between HDL and TG concentrations. Conclusion: Probiotic supplementation reduced TC and LDL concentrations in obese or overweight people. Additional data from large clinical trials are required to confirm the efficacy and safety of probiotics in the regulation of blood lipid levels in obese or overweight people.
Food intake patterns and risk of coronary heart disease: a prospective cohort study examining the use of traditional scoring techniques; Objective: This study analyses the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) associated with food intake patterns. Design: A cohort study with follow-up in 1996 for first admission to hospital for a CHD diagnosis or death caused by CHD (280 cases). Three food patterns were identified from a food frequency questionnaire: (1) a predefined healthy food index; (2) a prudent diet (reflecting frequent intakes of wholemeal cereals, fruit and vegetables); and (3) a Western food pattern (reflecting frequent intakes of meat products, butter and white bread) derived by factor analysis. Both factor scores had a mean of zero and a standard deviation of 1. Setting: Copenhagen County, Denmark. Subjects: A random sample of 7316 adults participated in health examinations conducted either in 1982 - 1984, 1987, or 1991-1992. Results: The healthy food index and the Western pattern were not associated with CHD. The prudent pattern was associated with a decreased risk of CHD (Hazard ratio (HR per score unit increase) - 0.85; 95% confidence intervals (CI), 0.75, 0.96), but the association vanished (HR - 1.06; 95% CI, 0.93, 1.21) after controlling for confounding. Body mass index (BMI) modified the effect of the prudent and the Western patterns on CHD risk, suggesting an inverse association between both patterns and CHD in persons with low BMI, while the risk of CHD seemed to be positively related to the prudent and the Western pattern in those with high BMIs. Conclusions: This study showed no association between dietary patterns and CHD risk, but suggests that BMI modifies the relation between diet and CHD risk.
Associations between daily food intake and excess adiposity in Irish adults: towards the development of food-based dietary guidelines for reducing the prevalence of overweight and obesity; Background: The prevalence of obesity has nearly doubled in Ireland since 1990 and over half of the population has a large waist circumference (WC). No food-based, dietary guidelines exist in Ireland for a reduction in the prevalence of body fat or obesity. Objective: To examine the association between daily food intake and categories of body mass index and WC for the development of dietary guidelines to combat obesity. Design: Cross-sectional study of a random representative sample of 1379 adults aged 18-64 years from Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. Measurements: Weight, height and WC were measured according to standard procedures. Diet was assessed using a 7-day food diary from which 28 food groups were generated and entered into logistic regression analysis. Results: Higher mean daily consumption of most of the 28 food groups was associated with an increased likelihood of being classified as obese or at waist action level 2, compared to normal weight and normal WC. The strongest associations were found for savoury snacks, butter and full fat spreads. Contrary to popular opinion, not one individual food group but rather a combination of many foods was associated with excess adiposity. Conclusions: Body mass index and WC in adults are strongly influenced by the amount of food consumed. Public health policies for a reduction in body fat and obesity may be more effective if the emphasis is placed on a reduction of food and beverages consumed as opposed to the traditional dietary recommendations for macronutrients.
Influence of dietary calcium intake on quantitative and qualitative parameters of bone tissue in Polish adults; Introduction. The objective of the study was to assess dietary calcium intake in the Polish population and its influence on selected parameters of bone tissue. Materials and method. 1,129 osteoporosis treatment-naive subjects, aged 20-80 years, randomly selected, were involved in the study. Bone status was established using densitometry of spine and hip and quantitative ultrasound of the calcaneus. Dietary calcium intake was calculated according to data gathered in a questionnaire. Results. Median calcium intake was 746 mg; 72% of subjects had calcium intake below the recommended dose. Calcium intake correlated negatively with age (r = -0.15; p<0.001) and positively with BMD in the spine (r = 0.06; p<0.05) and in the femoral neck (r = 0.07; p < 0.05). In subjects with the lowest calcium intake, a significantly lower femoral neck BMD and heel stiffness was noticed than in subjects with the highest calcium intake. However, multiple regression analysis showed that dietary calcium was not a predictor of low BMD, both in the hip and spine, as well as of bone stiffness in contrast to age, low BMI and female gender (p<0.0001). In all factors regression analysis, a weak influence of calcium intake on BMD was shown only in the subgroup of premenopausal women (beta = 0.1; p<0.05). Conclusions. In most subjects, dietary calcium intake was below the recommended dose; however, its influence on bone seems to be weak, except for persons with the greatest deficiency of dietary calcium and the subgroup of premenopausal women.
Association between Selected Dietary Habits and Lipid Profiles of Patients with Cardiovascular Disease; This study evaluated the associations between selected dietary habits and lipid profiles in a group of 800 randomly selected patients hospitalized in the Nitra Cardio Center, Slovakia. Patients were aged 20-101 years (only men, the average age was 61.13 +/- 10.47 years). The data necessary for the detection of dietary habits were obtained by a questionnaire method in closed-ended format. Data collection was carried out simultaneously with the somatometric and biochemical examinations of the respondents ensured by the Nitra Cardio Center. The following parameters were evaluated: total cholesterol (T-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides, and blood glucose. Statistical comparisons between groups were performed using one-way analysis of variance (one-way ANOVA), followed by Tukey's post hoc test. We detected significant differences (p < 0.05) in the influence of the number of daily meals on T-C and LDL-C, which were higher in men who consumed 1-2 meals compared with 3-4 or 5-6 meals. In the consumption of meat, eggs, and fish, there was no significant effect on the biochemical parameters of blood (p > 0.05). We recorded a significant effect (p < 0.001) on T-C and LDL-C levels between low-fat and whole-fat milk consumption. Except for the impact of fruit consumption on the HDL-C level (p < 0.001), the different frequencies of fruit consumption showed non-significant changes for the lipid profile levels. We detected a significant effect (p = 0.017) of the consumption of vegetables 1-2 times/week on LDL-C in favor of daily consumption. Our results support that monitoring the lipid profile is an important determinant in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease. The conducted research emphasizes the importance of diet dependence on the improvement of the quality of treatment and nutrition of people with this type of disease.
Saturated fats, dairy foods and cardiovascular health: No longer a curious paradox?; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a major cause of death and morbidity in many parts of the world, and many dietary guidelines limit the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA) as they are regarded as an important risk factor for CVDs due to their association with increased blood cholesterol. Dairy foods are often a major contributor to dietary intake of SFA, and since many dietary guidelines contain restrictions on SFA intake, this can lead to a moderation of dairy food intake despite meta-analyses generally showing dairy to have a neutral or negative association with CVDs. Many prospective studies and randomised controlled trials do not support a simple positive association between SFA intake and the risk of atherosclerotic CVD and its components although some early studies had a number of methodological weakness. Studies that included blood cholesterol data do broadly support the positive relationship between SFA and blood low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) but without increased CVD risk resulting, despite LDL being a causal factor in atherosclerotic CVD. These data suggest that LDL-C alone is not a consistently good predictor or cause of CVD risk, perhaps particularly in relation to dairy food consumption although some non-dairy food studies have also shown LDL-C reduction was not reflected in reduced CVD risk. This narrative review examines some reasons for these findings. Overall, restrictions on dairy food intake do not seem warranted, although there remains a need to further understand the association of different dairy food types with chronic diseases, perhaps particularly for type 2 diabetes.
Anti-diabetic effects of shubat in type 2 diabetic rats induced by combination of high-glucose-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Shubat, probiotic fermented camel milk, has been used both as a drink with ethnic flavor and a medicine among Kazakh population for diabetic patients. Kazakh people have lower diabetic prevalence and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) than do other ethnic groups living in Xinjiang China, which might be related to the beneficial properties of shubat We therefore prepared shubat in laboratory and tested anti-diabetic activity and evaluated its possible hypolipidemic and renoprotective effects in type 2 diabetic rats. Materials and methods: Type 2 diabetic rats were induced by an administration of high-glucose-fat diet for 6 weeks and an intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (STZ, 30 mg/kg). Diabetic rats were divided randomly into four groups and treated for 28 days with sitagliptin (30 mg/kg) or shubat (6.97 x 10(6) lactic acid bacteria +2.20 X 10(4) yeasts) CFU/mL, (6.97 X 10(7) lactic acid bacteria+2.20 x 10(5) yeasts) CFU/mL and (6.97 x 10(8) lactic acid bacteria+2.20 X 10(6) yeasts) CFU/mL. In addition, a normal control group and a diabetic control group were used for comparison. All drugs were given orally once daily 10 mL/kg for 4 weeks. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) and body weight (BW) were measured before treatment and every week thereafter. Total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), serum creatinine (SCr), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), C-peptide, glycated hemoglobin (HbAlc), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) levels and pancreas tissue sections were tested after 4 weeks. Results: Shubat demonstrated positive hypoglycemic activity on FBG, HbAlc, C-peptide and GLP-1 levels, high dose shubat decreased FBG (P <0.01) and HbAlc (P <0.05), increased C-peptide (P <0.05) and GLP1 (P <0.01), decreased serum TC, TG, LDL-c (P <0.05), increased HDL-c (P <0.01), and improved the reduction of body weight as well as decreased SCr and BUN levels (P <0.01) compared to diabetic controls. Histological analysis showed shubat protected the function of islets of type 2 diabetic rats. Conclusion: The results of this study indicate that shubat has significant hypoglycemic potential in T2D rats and may modulate lipid metabolism and protect renal function in the type 2 diabetic condition, which might be related to various probiotics acting through promoting the release of GLP-1 and improving the function of beta-cells. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maternal diet-induced obesity during suckling period programs offspring obese phenotype and hypothalamic leptin/insulin resistance; During the early post-natal period, offspring are vulnerable to environmental insults, such as nutritional and hormonal changes, which increase risk to develop metabolic diseases later in life. Our aim was to understand whether maternal obesity during lactation programs offspring to metabolic syndrome and obese phenotype, in addition we aimed to assess the peripheral glucose metabolism and hypothalamic leptin/insulin signaling pathways. At delivery, female Wistar rats were randomly divided in two groups: Control group (CO), mothers fed a standard rodent chow (Nuvilab); and Diet-induced obesity group (DIO), mothers who had free access to a diet performed with 33% ground standard rodent chow, 33% sweetened condensed milk (Nestle), 7% sucrose and 27% water. Maternal treatment was performed throughout suckling period. All offspring received standard rodent chow from weaning until 91-day-old. DIO dams presented increased total body fat and insulin resistance. Consequently, the breast milk from obese dams had altered composition. At 91-day-old, DIO offspring had overweight, hyperphagia and higher adiposity. Furthermore, DIO animals had hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance, they also showed pancreatic islet hypertrophy and increased pancreatic beta-cell proliferation. Finally, DIO offspring showed low ObRb, JAK2, STAT-3, IR beta, PI3K and Akt levels, suggesting leptin and insulin hypothalamic resistance, associated with increased of hypothalamic NPY level and decreased of POMC. Maternal obesity during lactation malprograms rat offspring to develop obesity that is associated with impairment of melanocortin system. Indeed, rat offspring displayed glucose dyshomeostasis and both peripheral and central insulin resistance. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Milk polar lipids reduce lipid cardiovascular risk factors in overweight postmenopausal women: towards a gut sphingomyelin-cholesterol interplay; Objective To investigate whether milk polar lipids (PL) impact human intestinal lipid absorption, metabolism, microbiota and associated markers of cardiometabolic health. Design A double-blind, randomised controlled 4-week study involving 58 postmenopausal women was used to assess the chronic effects of milk PL consumption (0, 3 or 5 g-PL/day) on lipid metabolism and gut microbiota. The acute effects of milk PL on intestinal absorption and metabolism of cholesterol were assessed in a randomised controlled crossover study using tracers in ileostomy patients. Results Over 4 weeks, milk PL significantly reduced fasting and postprandial plasma concentrations of cholesterol and surrogate lipid markers of cardiovascular disease risk, including total/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apolipoprotein (Apo) B/ApoA1 ratios. The highest PL dose preferentially induced a decreased number of intestine-derived chylomicron particles. Also, milk PL increased faecal loss of coprostanol, a gut-derived metabolite of cholesterol, but major bacterial populations and faecal short-chain fatty acids were not affected by milk PL, regardless of the dose. Acute ingestion of milk PL by ileostomy patients shows that milk PL decreased cholesterol absorption and increased cholesterol-ileal efflux, which can be explained by the observed co-excretion with milk sphingomyelin in the gut. Conclusion The present data demonstrate for the first time in humans that milk PL can improve the cardiometabolic health by decreasing several lipid cardiovascular markers, notably through a reduced intestinal cholesterol absorption involving specific interactions in the gut, without disturbing the major bacterial phyla of gut microbiota.
Four-Month Course of Soluble Milk Proteins Interacts With Exercise to Improve Muscle Strength and Delay Fatigue in Elderly Participants; Background: The benefit of protein supplementation on the adaptive response of muscle to exercise training in older people is controversial. Objective: To investigate the independent and combined effects of a multicomponent exercise program with and without a milk-based nutritional supplement on muscle strength and mass, lower-extremity fatigue, and metabolic markers. Design: A sample of 48 healthy sedentary men aged 60.8 +/- 0.4 years were randomly assigned to a 16-week multicomponent exercise training program with a milk-based supplement containing, besides proteins [total milk proteins 4 or 10 g/day or soluble milk proteins rich in leucine (PRO) 10 g/day], carbohydrates and fat. Body composition, muscle mass and strength, and time to task failure, an index of muscle fatigue, were measured. Blood lipid, fibrinogen, creatine phosphokinase, glucose, insulin, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha soluble receptors, and endothelial markers were assessed. Results: Body fat mass was reduced after the 4-month training program in groups receiving 10 g/day of protein supplementation (P < .01). The training program sustained with the daily 10 g/day PRO was associated with a significant increase in dominant fat free mass (+5.4%, P < .01) and in appendicular muscle mass (+4.5%, P < .01). Blood cholesterol was decreased in the trained group receiving 10 g/day PRO. The index of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance) and blood creatine phosphokinase were reduced in the groups receiving 10 g/day PRO, irrespective of exercise. The inflammatory and endothelial markers were not different between the groups. Training caused a significant improvement (+10.6% to 19.4%, P < .01) in the maximal oxygen uptake. Increased maximum voluntary contraction force was seen in the trained groups receiving 10 g/day of proteins (about 3%, P < .05). Time to task failure was improved in the trained participants receiving a 10 g/day supplementation with PRO (P < .01). Conclusions: Soluble milk proteins rich in leucine improved time to muscle failure and increase in skeletal muscle mass and strength after prolonged multicomponent exercise training in healthy older men. (C) 2014 AMDA - The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine.
Argan oil prevents prothrombotic complications by lowering lipid levels and platelet aggregation, enhancing oxidative status in dyslipidemic patients from the area of Rabat (Morocco); Background: It is now established that patients with hyperlipidemia have a high risk of atherosclerosis and thrombotic complications, which are two important events responsible for the onset and progression of cardiovascular disease. In the context of managing dyslipidemia by means of dietary advice based on the consumption of argan oil, we wanted to investigate the effect of virgin argan oil on plasma lipids, and for the first time, on the platelet hyperactivation and oxidative status associated with dyslipidemia. This study concerns patients recruited in the area of Rabat in Morocco. Methods: 39 dyslipidemic (79% women) patients were recruited for our study in the area of Rabat in Morocco. They were randomly assigned to the two following groups: the argan group, in which the subjects consumed 25 mL/day of argan oil at breakfast for 3 weeks, and the control group in which argan oil was replaced by butter. Results: After a 3-week consumption period, blood total cholesterol was significantly lower in the argan oil group, as was LDL cholesterol (23.8% and 25.6% lower, respectively). However, the HDL cholesterol level had increased by 26% at the end of the intervention period compared to baseline. Interestingly, in the argan oil group thrombin-induced platelet aggregation was lower, and oxidative status was enhanced as a result of lower platelet MDA and higher GPx activity, respectively. Conclusions: In conclusion, our results, even if it is not representative of the Moroccan population, show that argan oil can prevent the prothrombotic complications associated with dyslipidemia, which are a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
The effects of 8 weeks of whey or rice protein supplementation on body composition and exercise performance; Background: Consumption of moderate amounts of animal-derived protein has been shown to differently influence skeletal muscle hypertrophy during resistance training when compared with nitrogenous and isoenergetic amounts of plant-based protein administered in small to moderate doses. Therefore, the purpose of the study was to determine if the post-exercise consumption of rice protein isolate could increase recovery and elicit adequate changes in body composition compared to equally dosed whey protein isolate if given in large, isocaloric doses. Methods: 24 college-aged, resistance trained males were recruited for this study. Subjects were randomly and equally divided into two groups, either consuming 48 g of rice or whey protein isolate (isocaloric and isonitrogenous) on training days. Subjects trained 3 days per week for 8 weeks as a part of a daily undulating periodized resistance-training program. The rice and whey protein supplements were consumed immediately following exercise. Ratings of perceived recovery, soreness, and readiness to train were recorded prior to and following the first training session. Ultrasonography determined muscle thickness, dual emission x-ray absorptiometry determined body composition, and bench press and leg press for upper and lower body strength were recorded during weeks 0, 4, and 8. An ANOVA model was used to measure group, time, and group by time interactions. If any main effects were observed, a Tukey post-hoc was employed to locate where differences occurred. Results: No detectable differences were present in psychometric scores of perceived recovery, soreness, or readiness to train (p > 0.05). Significant time effects were observed in which lean body mass, muscle mass, strength and power all increased and fat mass decreased; however, no condition by time interactions were observed (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Both whey and rice protein isolate administration post resistance exercise improved indices of body composition and exercise performance; however, there were no differences between the two groups.
Effects of milk products fermented by <i>Bifidobacterium longum</i> on blood lipids in rats and healthy adult male volunteers; The effects of milk products fermented by Bifidobacterium longum strain BL1, a probiotic strain, on blood lipids in rats and humans were studied. Rats were fed a cholesterol-enriched experimental diet, supplemented with lyophilized powders of 1) acid milk (control), 2) milk fermented with a mixed culture of ordinary yogurt starters composed of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (SL), and 3) bifidobacterium milk fermented with the probiotic B. longum strain BL1, respectively. The bifidobacterium milk feeding brought about significant lowering of the serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides, in comparison with the control, while no change in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was observed. On the other hand, supplementation with SL milk resulted in only slight, nonsignificant decreases in serum lipid concentrations in comparison with the control. In the human study, 32 subjects with serum total cholesterol ranging from 220 to 280 mg/dl were randomly assigned to two treatments: 1) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with ordinary yogurt starters composed of S. thermophilus and L. delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (P-group) and 2) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with the two ordinary yogurt starters plus B. longum strain BL1 (B-group). After intake for 4 wk at 3 x 100 ml/day, reduction of serum total cholesterol was observed in approximately half of the B-group subjects; a particularly significant decrease in serum total cholesterol was found among subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia (serum total cholesterol >240 mg/dl). However, the serum lipid concentrations in the P-group subjects were almost stable during the experimental periods. The present results indicate the potential of the probiotic B. longum strain BL1 in serum lipid improvement.
Dietary Alfalfa and Calcium Salts of Long-Chain Fatty Acids Alter Protein Utilization, Microbial Populations, and Plasma Fatty Acid Profile in Holstein Freemartin Heifers; This study presented the effects of alfalfa and calcium salts of long-chain fatty adds (CSFA) on feed intake, apparent digestibility, rumen fermentation, microbial community, plasma biochemical parameters, and fatty acid profile in Holstein freemartin heifers, Eight Holstein freemartin heifers were randomly divided into a 4 x 4 Latin Square experiment with 2 X 2 factorial diets, with or without alfalfa or CSFA. Dietary supplementation of CSFA significantly increased the apparent digestibility of dry matter, crude protein, neutral detergent 'fiber, organic matter, and significantly reduced N retention (P < 0.05). CSFA increased the concentration of ammonia nitrogen in the ruminal fluid (P < 0.05), but alfalfa increased the concentration of valerate and isovalerate (P < 0.05). CSFA increased the concentration of ammonia nitrogen and the relative population of Streptococcus bovis in the rumen (P < 0.05) and inhibited the relative population of Ruminococcus flavefaciens, methanogens; and protozoa (P < 0.05). Alfalfa instead of Leymus-chinensis increased the relative population of Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens and Ruminobacter amylophilus in the rumen (P < 0.05) and reduced the relative population of the Ruminococcus albus and Megasphaera elsdenii (P < 0.05). Supplemental CSFA increased the concentration of cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in the plasma (P < 0.05). And it also altered the composition of fatty acids in the plasma, which was expressed in reducing saturated fatty acid (Sigma SFA) , ratio and C14-C17 fatty acids proportion except C16:0 (P < 0.05) and. increasing the proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acid (Sigma PUFA) and unsaturated fatty acid (Sigma UFA) (P < 0.05). The results showed that alfalfa and CSFA had interaction effect on the apparent digestibility of ether extracts, plasma triglyceride concentration, isobutyrate concentration, and Ruminococcus albus relative 'abundance in the rumen. It was concluded that alfalfa substituting Leymus chinensis did not change the apparent digestibility of nutrients in the final stage of fattening Holstein freemartin heifers, while CSFA increased the cholesterol and the proportion of unsaturated fatty acids in plasma. Alfalfa and CSFA had mutual interaction effect on fat digestion and plasma triglycerides.
Depression among women of reproductive age in rural Bangladesh is linked to food security, diets and nutrition; Objective: To quantify the relationship between screening positive for depression and several indicators of the food and nutrition environment in Bangladesh. Design: We used cross-sectional data from the Food and Agricultural Approaches to Reducing Malnutrition (FAARM) trial in Bangladesh to examine the association of depression in non-peripartum (NPW) and peripartum women (PW) with food and nutrition security using multivariable logistic regression and dominance analysis. Setting: Rural north-eastern Bangladesh. Participants: Women of reproductive age. Results: Of 2599 women, 40 % were pregnant or up to 1 year postpartum, while 60 % were not peripartum. Overall, 20 % of women screened positive for major depression. In the dominance analysis, indicators of food and nutrition security were among the strongest explanatory factors of depression. Food insecurity (HFIAS) and poor household food consumption (FCS) were associated with more than double the odds of depression (HFIAS: NPW OR = 2 center dot 74 and PW OR = 3 center dot 22; FCS: NPW OR = 2 center dot 38 and PW OR = 2 center dot 44). Low dietary diversity (<5 food groups) was associated with approximately double the odds of depression in NPW (OR = 1 center dot 80) and PW (OR = 1 center dot 99). Consumption of dairy, eggs, fish, vitamin A-rich and vitamin C-rich foods was associated with reduced odds of depression. Anaemia was not associated with depression. Low BMI (<18 center dot 5 kg/m(2)) was also associated with depression (NPW: OR = 1 center dot 40). Conclusions: Depression among women in Bangladesh was associated with many aspects of food and nutrition security, also after controlling for socio-economic factors. Further investigation into the direction of causality and interventions to improve diets and reduce depression among women in low- and middle-income countries are urgently needed.
Meta-Analysis: Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Lipid Profiles in Normal to Mildly Hypercholesterolemic Individuals; Introduction Recent experimental and clinical studies have suggested that probiotic supplementation has beneficial effects on serum lipid profiles. However, there are conflicting results on the efficacy of probiotic preparations in reducing serum cholesterol. Objective To evaluate the effects of probiotics on human serum lipid levels, we conducted a meta-analysis of interventional studies. Methods Eligible reports were obtained by searches of electronic databases. We included randomized, controlled clinical trials comparing probiotic supplementation with placebo or no treatment (control). Statistical analysis was performed with Review Manager 5.3.3. Subanalyses were also performed. Results Eleven of 33 randomized clinical trials retrieved were eligible for inclusion in the meta-analysis. No participant had received any cholesterol-lowering agent. Probiotic interventions (including fermented milk products and probiotics) produced changes in total cholesterol (TC) (mean difference -0.17 mmol/L, 95% CI: -0.27 to -0.07 mmol/L) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (mean difference -0.22 mmol/L, 95% CI: -0.30 to -0.13 mmol/L). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels did not differ significantly between probiotic and control groups. In subanalysis, long-term (>4-week) probiotic intervention was statistically more effective in decreasing TC and LDL-C than short-term (<= 4-week) intervention. The decreases in TC and LDL-C levels with probiotic intervention were greater in mildly hypercholesterolemic than in normocholesterolemic individuals. Both fermented milk product and probiotic preparations decreased TC and LDL-C levels. Gaio and the Lactobacillus acidophilus strain reduced TC and LDL-C levels to a greater extent than other bacterial strains. Conclusions In conclusion, this meta-analysis showed that probiotic supplementation could be useful in the primary prevention of hypercholesterolemia and may lead to reductions in risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
Kefir improves blood parameters and reduces cardiovascular risks in patients with metabolic syndrome; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS) occurs when different metabolic and hemodynamic components change simultaneously, being one of the factors related to high mortality rates in patients with cardiovascular diseases. This study investigated the effects of the probiotic kefir on anthropometric and physiological parameters in human subjects with MS. Methods: forty-eight patients diagnosed with MS were assigned into two groups in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. Kefir group (KG) and control group (CG) drank kefir beverage and curd (1.6 mL/ kg for men or 1.9 mL/kg for women) for 12 weeks, respectively. Blood pressure, anthropometric, and biochemical parameters (fasting glycemia, glycated hemoglobin (HA1c), total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein (HDLc), triglycerides (Tg), oxidized LDL cholesterol (oxLDL), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), creatinophosphokinase (CPK), gamma-Glutamyl Transferase (gamma-GT), urea nitrogen, urea, and creatinine were evaluated before and after treatment. The risk of cardiovascular events for the next ten years was calculated through the Framingham Score method. Results: Kefir intake decreased blood pressure, fasting glycemia, LDLc, non-HDLc, Tg, and oxLDL, and increased HDLc levels in women. Kefir also reduced the risk of cardiovascular events for the next ten years, although anthropometric parameters remained unchanged. Conclusions: Kefir intake improved blood pressure, fasting glucose, and lipid levels, reducing oxLDL and the risk of developing cardiovascular events in the next ten years. These results suggest regular kefir intake may have positive effects on MS treatment.
Cholesterol-lowering efficacy of <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> CECT 7527, 7528 and 7529 in hypercholesterolaemic adults; Previous studies have indicated that supplementation with probiotic bacteria may improve lipid metabolism. The present study was aimed at investigating the effects of a mixture of three strains of Lactobacillus plantarum (CECT 7527, CECT 7528 and CECT 7529) on cholesterol-lowering efficacy in hypercholesterolaemic patients. A total of sixty volunteers (thirty participants in the placebo group and thirty counterparts in the L. plantarum group), aged 18-65 years old, participated in a controlled, randomised, double-blind trial. The study group received one capsule daily containing 1.2 x 10(9) colony-forming units of Lactobacillus strains in a unique dose; the placebo group consumed the same product without bacteria for 12 weeks. A significant reduction of 13.6% in plasma total cholesterol (TC) levels was observed after 12 weeks of consumption in the L. plantarum group when compared with the placebo group. The lipidic outcomes were also analysed based on TC values at baseline: low initial values (LIV, 2000-2500 mg/l) v. high initial values (HIV, 2510-3000 mg/l). In the HIV group, the L. plantarum treatment showed a reduction after 12 weeks of consumption compared with the placebo group in TC, LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) and oxidised LDL-C (17.4, 17.6 and 15.6%, respectively). In the LIV, the L. plantarum treatment only showed a reduction after 12 weeks of consumption when compared with the placebo group in TC (9.4%). The present results showed that the biofunctionality of L. plantarum (CECT 7527, CECT 7528 and CECT 7529) is proportional to the cardiovascular risk of the patient, having a better effect in patients with higher levels of cholesterol.
Effects of DASH diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted with 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. The women were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or DASH diet (n = 24) for 8 wk. Both diets were designed to be calorie-restricted. Both diets consisted of 52% carbohydrates, 18% proteins, and 30% total fats. The DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and to be low in saturated fats, cholesterol, and refined grains. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8-wk intervention to measure lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress including plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and total glutathione (GSH). Results: Adherence to the DASH diet, compared with the control diet, resulted in a significant decrease in weight (-4.4 versus -1.5 kg; P < 0.001) and body mass index (-1.7 versus -0.6 kg/m(2); P < 0.001), decreased serum triglycerides (-10.0 versus +19.2 mg/dL; P interaction = 0.005) and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (-2.0 versus +3.9 mg/dL; P interaction = 0.005). Increased concentrations of TAC (+98.6 versus -174.8 mmol/L; P interaction <0.001) and GSH (+66.4 versus -155.6 mu mol/L; P interaction = 0.005) also were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusion: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 wk led to a significant reduction in serum insulin, triglycerides and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and a significant increase in TAC and GSH levels. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy products and plasma cholesterol levels; Cholesterol synthesized in the body or ingested is an essential lipid component for human survival from our earliest life. Newborns ingest about 3-4 times the amount per body weight through mother's milk compared to the dietary intake of adults. A birth level of 1.7 mmol/L plasma total cholesterol will increase to 4-4.5 mmol/L during the nursing period and continue to increase from adulthood around 40% throughout life. Coronary artery disease and other metabolic disorders are strongly associated with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol as well as triacylglycerol concentration. Milk fat contains a broad range of fatty acids and some have a negative impact on the cholesterol rich lipoproteins. The saturated fatty acids (SFAs), such as palmitic acid (C16:0), myristic acid (C14:0), and lauric acid (C12:0), increase total plasma cholesterol, especially LDL, and constitute 11.3 g/L of bovine milk, which is 44.8% of total fatty acid in milk fat. Replacement of dairy SFA and trans-fatty acids with polyunsaturated fatty acids decreases plasma cholesterol, especially LDL cholesterol, and is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. Available data shows different effects on lipoproteins for different dairy products and there is uncertainty as to the impact a reasonable intake amount of dairy items has on cardiovascular risk. The aim of this review is to elucidate the effect of milk components and dairy products on total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, and the LDL/HDL quotients. Based on eight recent randomized controlled trials of parallel or cross-over design and recent reviews it can be concluded that replacement of saturated fat mainly (but not exclusively) derived from high-fat dairy products with low-fat dairy products lowers LDL/HDL cholesterol and total/HDL cholesterol ratios. Whey, dairy fractions enriched in polar lipids, and techniques such as fermentation, or fortification of cows feeding can be used to produce dairy products with more beneficial effects on plasma lipid profile.
Increased Consumption of Dairy Foods and Protein during Diet- and Exercise-Induced Weight Loss Promotes Fat Mass Loss and Lean Mass Gain in Overweight and Obese Premenopausal Women; Weight loss can have substantial health benefits for overweight or obese persons; however, the ratio of fat:lean tissue loss may be more important. We aimed to determine how daily exercise (resistance and/or aerobic) and a hypoenergetic diet varying in protein and calcium content from dairy foods would affect the composition of weight lost in otherwise healthy, premenopausal, overweight, and obese women. Ninety participants were randomized to 3 groups (n = 30/group): high protein, high dairy (HPHD), adequate protein, medium dairy (APMD), and adequate protein, low dairy (APLD) differing in the quantity of total dietary protein and dairy food-source protein consumed: 30 and 15%, 15 and 7.5%, or 15 and <2% of energy, respectively. Body composition was measured by DXA at 0, 8, and 16 wk and MRI (n = 39) to assess visceral adipose tissue (VAT) volume at 0 and 16 wk. All groups lost body weight (P < 0.05) and fat (P < 0.01); however, fat loss during wk 8-16 was greater in the HPHD group than in the APMD and APLD groups (P < 0.05). The HPHD group gained lean tissue with a greater increase during 8-16 wk than the APMD group, which maintained lean mass and the APLD group, which lost lean mass (P < 0.05). The HPHD group also lost more VAT as assessed by MRI (P < 0.05) and trunk fat as assessed by DXA (P < 0.005) than the APLD group. The reduction in VAT in all groups was correlated with intakes of calcium (r = 0.40; P < 0.05) and protein (r = 0.32; P < 0.05). Therefore, diet- and exercise-induced weight loss with higher protein and increased dairy product intakes promotes more favorable body composition changes in women characterized by greater total and visceral fat loss and lean mass gain. J. Nutr. 141: 1626-1634, 2011.
Comparison of the impact of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Controversies persist concerning the association between intake of dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and cardiovascular disease risk. Objective: We compared the impact of consuming equal amounts of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors. Design: In a multicenter, crossover, randomized controlled trial, 92 men and women with abdominal obesity and relatively low HDL-cholesterol concentrations were assigned to sequences of 5 predetermined isoenergetic diets of 4 wk each separated by 4-wk washouts: 2 diets rich in SFAs (12.4-12.6% of calories) from either cheese or butter; a monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA)-rich diet (SFAs: 5.8%, MUFAs: 19.6%); a polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)rich diet (SFAs: 5.8%, PUFAs: 11.5%); and a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet (fat: 25%, SFAs: 5.8%). Results: Serum HDL-cholesterol concentrations were similar after the cheese and butter diets but were significantly higher than after the carbohydrate diet (+ 3.8% and +4.7%, respectively; P < 0.05 for both). LDL-cholesterol concentrations after the cheese diet were lower than after the butter diet (-3.3%, P< 0.05) but were higher than after the carbohydrate (+2.6%), MUFA (+5.3%), and PUFA (+12.3%) diets (P < 0.05 for all). LDL-cholesterol concentrations after the butter diet also increased significantly (from +6.1% to +16.2%, P < 0.05) compared with the carbohydrate, MUFA, and PUFA diets. The LDL-cholesterol response to treatment was significantly modified by baseline values (P-interaction = 0.02), with the increase in LDL cholesterol being significantly greater with butter than with cheese only among individuals with high baseline LDL-cholesterol concentrations. There was no significant difference between all diets on inflammation markers, blood pressure, and insulin-glucose homeostasis. Conclusions: The results of our study suggest that the consumption of SFAs from cheese and butter has similar effects on HDL cholesterol but differentially modifies LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with the effects of carbohydrates, MUFAs, and PUFAs, particularly in individuals with high LDL cholesterol. In contrast, SFAs from either cheese or butter have no significant effects on several other nonlipid cardiometabolic risk factors.
A high-<i>trans</i> fatty acid diet and insulin sensitivity in young healthy women; Epidemiological and experimental studies suggest that a diet rich in saturated fat affects insulin sensitivity. Monoenes and dienes that have an usaturated bond with the trans configuration (trans fatty acids) resemble saturated fatty acids with respect to structure, but no published data are available on the effect of trans fatty acids on insulin sensitivity. Therefore, the effects of diets high in trans fatty acids (TFA diet) and oleic acid (monounsaturated fat [MUFA] diet) on glucose and lipid metabolism were studied in 14 healthy women. Subjects consumed both experimental diets for 4 weeks according to a randomized crossover study design. Both experimental diet periods were preceded by consumption of a standardized baseline diet for 2 weeks. The diets provided 36.6% to 37.9% of energy (E%) as fat. In the TFA diet, there was 5.1 E% trans fatty acids, and in the MUFA diet, 5.2 E% oleic acid, substituted for saturated fatty acids in the baseline diet. A frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) was performed at the end of the experimental diet periods. Glucose effectiveness (S-G) and the insulin sensitivity index (S-l) did not differ after the two experimental diet periods. There was also no difference in the acute insulin response between the diets. The total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio and serum total triglyceride, HDL, and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) triglyceride and apolipoprotein B (apoB) concentrations were higher (P <.05) after the TFA diet. In conclusion, in young healthy women, the IFA diet resulted in a higher total/HDL cholesterol ratio and an elevation in triglyceride and apo B concentrations but had no effect on glucose and insulin metabolism compared with the MUFA diet. Copyright (C) 1999 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Fatty acid digestibility and lactation performance by dairy cows fed fats varying in degree of saturation; Holstein cows fed fats varying in degree of saturation were used to evaluate lactation performance (35 multiparous and 15 primiparous cows) and fatty acid digestibility (5 cows). Data from wk 2 and 3 of lactation were used for covariable adjustment of data from wk 4 through 19. Diets were a basal diet (control) with no added fat and four diets with 5% added fat from tallow, tallow plus partially hydrogenated tallow in proportions of 2:1 or 1:2, or partially hydrogenated tallow; iodine values were 45, 35, 26, and 16 for the diets with added fat, respectively. Digestibilities of OM, NDF, and N were not affected by fat supplementation (mean of four fat treatments vs. control) or by degree of fat saturation. Fatty acid digestibility was lower for cows fed fat than for those fed the control diet and decreased linearly with increased fat saturation. In both trials, DMI increased linearly as fat saturation increased. In the digestion trial, cows fed fat tended to have lower DMI than those fed the control diet, primarily because of the unsaturated fat. In the production trial, DMI was similar for cows fed the control diet (22.3 kg/d) or the diet with added fat from tallow (22.1 kg/d) and tended to be higher for cows fed the diet containing partially hydrogenated tallow (23.9 kg/d). Milk production was higher for cows fed fat than for cows fed the control diet, but 4% FCM was unaffected. Milk fat and protein percentages were not affected by fat supplementation but increased linearly with increased fat saturation. Mean body condition score of cows increased as fat saturation increased. The lower digestibility of the diet with added fat from partially hydrogenated tallow was offset by higher DMI and percentages of milk fat and protein as fat became more saturated.
Plant sterol-fortified orange juice effectively lowers cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolemic healthy individuals; Objective - Hypercholesterolemia is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease. Therapeutic lifestyle changes include dietary modifications such as inclusion of phytosterols, which effectively lowers low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in margarines and other fats. Their effectiveness in nonfat moieties is not yet established. The aim of this study was to examine if phytosterols alter the plasma lipoprotein profile when incorporated into nonfat orange juice. Methods and Results - After a 2-week run-in phase with orange juice, 72 mildly hypercholesterolemic healthy subjects were randomized to receive either placebo orange juice ( placebo OJ) or plant sterol-fortified orange juice ( sterol OJ) (2g/d) for 8 weeks. Fasting blood was obtained at baseline, after 2 weeks of OJ, and after 8 weeks of placebo/sterol-OJ supplementation. Sterol OJ supplementation significantly decreased total (7.2%), LDL (12.4%), and non-high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (7.8%) compared with baseline and compared with placebo OJ ( P < 0.01). Apolipoprotein B levels were significantly decreased (9.5%) with sterol OJ. There were no significant changes in HDL cholesterol or triglycerides with the sterol OJ. While folate and B12 levels significantly increased, homocysteine levels were unchanged. Conclusions - Orange juice fortified with plant sterols are effective in reducing LDL cholesterol and could easily be incorporated into the therapeutic lifestyle changes dietary regimen.
Dietary hydrogenated fat increases high-density lipoprotein apoA-I catabolism and decreases low-density lipoprotein apoB-100 catabolism in hypercholesterolemic women; Objective - To determine mechanisms contributing to decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations associated with hydrogenated fat intake, kinetic studies of apoA-I, apoB-100, and apoB-48 were conducted using stable isotopes. Methods and Results - Eight postmenopausal hypercholesterolemic women were provided in random order with 3 diets for 5-week periods. Two-thirds of the fat was soybean oil (unsaturated fat), stick margarine (hydrogenated fat), or butter (saturated fat). Total and LDL-C levels were highest after the saturated diet (P < 0.05; saturated versus unsaturated) whereas HDL-C levels were lowest after the hydrogenated diet (P < 0.05; hydrogenated versus saturated). Plasma apoA-I levels and pool size (PS) were lower, whereas apoA-I fractional catabolic rate (FCR) was higher after the hydrogenated relative to the saturated diet (P < 0.05). LDL apoB-100 levels and PS were significantly higher, whereas LDL apoB-100 FCR was lower with the saturated and hydrogenated relative to the unsaturated diet. There was no significant difference among diets in apoA-I or B-100 production rates or apoB-48 kinetic parameters. HDL-C concentrations were negatively associated with apoA-I FCR (r = -0.56, P = 0.03) and LDL-C concentrations were negatively correlated with LDL apoB-100 FCR (r= -0.48, P = 0.05). Conclusions - The mechanism for the adverse lipoprotein profile observed with hydrogenated fat intake is determined in part by increased apoA-I and decreased LDL apoB-100 catabolism.
Dairy versus other saturated fats source and cardiometabolic risk markers: Systematic review of randomized controlled trials; To analyze the effects of dairy intake on cardiometabolic risk markers compared to other dietary fat sources in adults. Literature database and gray literature were searched for studies published up to October 2018. Two independent authors selected and extracted data from articles. Summary tables were constructed to present data for all outcomes. The intake of dairy appears to have a protective effect on some cardiovascular risk factors, or it is not worse than other SFA sources. The higher intake of dairy can decrease total cholesterol and reduce waist circumference and increase HDL cholesterol. However, it can also increase LDL and triglycerides, although those were small changes. It was observed that the effect of dairy on several serum lipids varied according to the type dairy product used on intervention. Dairy products seem to present a different effect on cardiometabolic risk factors than other fat sources, with evidence of improvement on metabolic parameters compared to another animal source of SFA.
Dietary Cholesterol, Serum Lipids, and Heart Disease: Are Eggs Working for or Against You?; The relationship between blood cholesterol and heart disease is well-established, with the lowering of serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol being the primary target of preventive therapy. Furthermore, epidemiological studies report lower risk for heart disease with higher concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol. There has also been considerable interest in studying the relationship between dietary cholesterol intake and heart disease risk. Eggs are one of the richest sources of cholesterol in the diet. However, large-scale epidemiological studies have found only tenuous associations between the intake of eggs and cardiovascular disease risk. Well-controlled, clinical studies show the impact of dietary cholesterol challenges via egg intake on serum lipids is highly variable, with the majority of individuals (similar to 2/3 of the population) having only minimal responses, while those with a significant response increase both LDL and HDL-cholesterol, typically with a maintenance of the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio. Recent drug trials targeting HDL-cholesterol have been unsuccessful in reducing cardiovascular events, and thus it is unclear if raising HDL-cholesterol with chronic egg intake is beneficial. Other important changes with egg intake include potentially favorable effects on lipoprotein particle profiles and enhancing HDL function. Overall, the increased HDL-cholesterol commonly observed with dietary cholesterol feeding in humans appears to also coincide with improvements in other markers of HDL function. However, more investigation into the effects of dietary cholesterol on HDL functionality in humans is warranted. There are other factors found in eggs that may influence risk for heart disease by reducing serum lipids, such as phospholipids, and these may also modify the response to dietary cholesterol found in eggs. In this review, we discuss how eggs and dietary cholesterol affect serum cholesterol concentrations, as well as more advanced lipoprotein measures, such as lipoprotein particle profiles and HDL metabolism.
Dairy products do not lead to alterations in body weight or fat mass in young women in a 1-y intervention; Background: Previous results suggested that increased intake of dairy calcium is associated with reduced weight and fat mass. Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine whether long-term increases in consumption of dairy calcium alter body weight and fat mass in young, healthy women. Design: We used a randomized, 1-y intervention for dairy calcium. Subjects were 155 young (aged 18-30 y), healthy, normal-weight women with intake of dietary calcium < 800 mg/d and energy intake <= 2200 kcal/d. Women were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: 1) control: continue established dietary intake; 2) medium dairy: substitute dairy products to achieve intake of calcium of approximate to 1000-1100 mg/d and maintain isocaloric intake; 3) high dairy: substitute dairy products to achieve intake of calcium of 1300-1400 mg/d and maintain isocaloric intake. The main outcome measures were 1-y changes in body weight (in kg) and fat mass (in kg). One hundred thirty-five women completed the trial. Results: Mean intakes of calcium during the intervention were 742.4 +/- 321.5, 1026.4 +/- 311.3, and 1131.29 +/- 337.2 mg/d for the control, medium-dairy, and high-dairy groups, respectively (P < 0.0001). No significant differences were observed in the mean 1-y change in body weight between the control, medium-dairy, and high-dairy groups (0.8 +/- 2.8, 0.7 +/- 3.0, and 1.5 +/- 4.1 kg, respectively; P = 0.45). No significant differences were observed in the mean 1-y change in fat mass between the control, medium-dairy, and high-dairy groups (-0.5 +/- 2.5, 0.3 +/- 2.7, and 0.5 +/- 3.5 kg, respectively; P = 0.26). Conclusion: Increased intake of dairy products does not alter body weight or fat mass in young, healthy women over 1 y.
Increased dairy product or calcium intake: Is body weight or composition affected in humans?; To assess the possible impact of increased intakes of dairy products or calcium on body weight or composition, a MEDLINE search was conducted to identify randomized trials of supplementation with calcium or dairy products. Nine studies of dairy product supplementation were located: In seven, no significant differences in the change in body weight or composition were detected between treatment and control groups. However, two studies conducted in older adults observed significantly greater weight gain in the dairy product groups. The interpretation of these findings is complicated by the inability to accurately determine the extent of dietary compensation for the increment in energy intake provided by the added dairy products. This is not an issue in the interpretation of studies of calcium supplementation, of which 17 were identified. Only one study found greater weight loss in the supplemented group; in the remaining studies, changes in body weight and/or body fat were strikingly similar between groups. In conclusion, the data available from randomized trials of dairy product or calcium supplementation provide little support for an effect in reducing body weight or fat mass. However, the studies reviewed were not specifically designed or powered to address this issue; such studies are required.
Dietary calcium from dairy, body composition and glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes pursuing an energy restricted diet: A parallel group randomised clinical trial; In a 12-week duration parallel group randomised clinical trial, we evaluated the effect of increasing calcium (Ca) intake on body composition and insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Thirty-six subjects with low habitual Ca intake (<600 mg d(-1)), consumed low-Ca diet (CD group, 800 mg d(-1)) or high-Ca fat-free milk diet (MD group, 1500 mg d(-1)). MD group final anthropometric measures (body weight, BMI, waist circumference, waist-hip ratio, and fat mass) decreased compared with baseline. MD group showed greater decrease in waist circumference compared with CD group. Final fasting glucose decreased in CD group compared with baseline. Both groups reduced glycated haemoglobin. Consumption of high-Ca diet from dairy for 12 weeks was effective in reducing abdominal adiposity, but provided no additional effect on glycaemic control in overweight patients with T2DM. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Determination of factors associated with serum cholesterol response to dairy fat consumption in overweight adults: Secondary analysis from an RCT; Elevated intakes of saturated fatty acids (SFA) can adversely affect serum cholesterol levels. Dairy fat contains similar to 60% SFA, prompting healthy eating guidelines to recommend low-fat dairy. Physiological, and environmental factors influence inter-individual variance in response to food consumption. Evidence exploring the dairy matrix has differing effects of dairy fat consumption on serum cholesterol levels when consumed in the form of cheese. The extent of this variability and determinants of response to dairy fat are currently unknown. The objective of this study was to determine factors associated with lipid metabolism response to a dairy fat intervention, with a focus on serum cholesterol. A 6-week randomized parallel intervention trial was carried out in healthy volunteers (>= 50 years, BMI >= 25 kg/m(2)). Participants (n = 104) consumed similar to 40g dairy fat daily in addition to their usual diet, in 1 of 3 forms: butter, cheese, or reduced-fat cheese and butter. For this analysis, 'response" was based on the percentage (%) change in serum total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) from pre- to post-intervention. Participants were divided into tertiles for each lipid response. The upper and lower tertiles were used to categorize participants as "responders" and "non-responders." For TC and LDL-c, response was classified as a decrease, whereas "response" was defined as an increase for HDL-c. Clinical response was also considered, by calculating pre- and post-intervention prevalence of those meeting target levels of cholesterol recommendations. Participants demonstrating the largest % decrease (Tertile 1; "responders") in TC had significantly higher levels of TC and HDL-c, at baseline, and lower levels of triglycerides (TAGs) compared to those in tertile 3 (i.e., TC non-responders). Those with the largest % decrease in LDL-c (Tertile 1: LDL-c responders) had higher baseline levels of LDL-c and tower levels of TAGs. Multiple regression analysis revealed that the % change in TC and LDL-c was associated with baseline TC, TAG, body weight and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP; P < 0.05). Previous work has demonstrated the dairy food matrix affects lipid response to dairy consumption. This study suggests that phenotypic differences may also influence response to dairy fat in overweight individuals.
A Daily Glass of Red Wine and Lifestyle Changes Do Not Affect Arterial Blood Pressure and Heart Rate in Patients with Carotid Arteriosclerosis after 4 and 20 Weeks; Background: Regular consumption of small amounts of red wine improves blood lipids. However, there is concern whether this beneficial effect might be counterbalanced by an increase in blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR), which are risk factors for cerebro-cardiovascular disease. In particular, we studied whether regular consumption of red wine with and without lifestyle changes (LC; healthy diet and physical activity advice) results in an increase in BP and HR. Methods: A prospective, unblinded randomized trial was performed in 108 patients (67% men) with carotid atherosclerosis documented by ultrasound, a mean BP of 122/79 mm Hg and a mean HR of 71 bpm at inclusion in the study. Sixty-eight percent were known and treated hypertensives. The mean 24-hour BP at baseline was 122/79 mm Hg. Half of the study participants, the control group, was seen by a nurse at baseline, after 4 and after 20 weeks, and was instructed not to change their eating and physical activity habits. In the other half, a dietician performed five sessions of 30 min each (at baseline, after 1 week and after 2, 3 and 4 weeks) giving advice on healthy eating based on a Mediterranean diet and physical exercise. The recommendations given were the following: 5 portions of fruit/vegetables per day, a diet low in absolute fat, a preference of vegetable oil (olive or rapeseed oil), whole-grain products, poultry, low-fat dairy products, 1 fat and 1 lean fish meal per week, reduced consumption of red meat, and avoidance of pork, ready-made meals, sugar and excessive salt intake. In addition, regular consumption of 1 bar of dark chocolate (25 g, > 70% of cacao), 1-2 tomatoes, and 3-5 walnuts as well as at least 30 min of moderate daily physical activity were recommended. Within these two groups, half of the patients were randomized either to avoid alcohol completely or to drink 100 ml (women) or 200 ml of red wine (men) daily. Results: Neither LC nor red wine had an effect on the mean systolic and diastolic 24-hour BP and HR after 4 and 20 weeks, as analyzed by general linear modeling. No difference was found for diurnal and nocturnal values. Conclusions: The possible beneficial effect of regular consumption of small amounts of red wine is not counterbalanced in the long term by an increase in the mean BP or HR in mainly normotensive and well-treated hypertensive patients with carotid atherosclerosis, neither in the patients given healthy lifestyle advice nor in those with a standard lifestyle. Yet, we remain cautious about actively advice patients to drink alcohol regularly given the well-known risks. (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Cardiometabolic Indices after Weight Loss with Calcium or Dairy Foods: Secondary Analyses from a Randomized Trial with Overweight/Obese Postmenopausal Women; The role of dairy foods and calcium/vitamin D supplements in cardiometabolic diseases is unknown. The objective of this secondary analysis is to investigate cardiometabolic risk factors changes after a 6-month weight-loss intervention in overweight/obese postmenopausal women divided in three groups: Ca+vitamin D supplements (S); low-fat dairy foods (D; 4-5 servings/day); or control/placebo pills (C), as complements to hypocaloric diets. The original study focused on bone/body composition. This analysis included blood pressure (BP), and serum triglycerides, lipids (including apoproteins Apo1 and ApoB), adipokines, and C-reactive protein in n = 97 participants who finished with complete data points. Systolic BP decreased 5.1%, 4.8%, and 1.8% in S, D, and C groups, respectively (p < 0.05 for S and D vs. baseline and vs. C at 6 months). Reduction in triglycerides and ratio of total cholesterol (TC)/high-density lipoproteins cholesterol (HDL-C) was the highest in S, while the reduction in TC and LDL-C was the highest in D group (all p < 0.05). Leptin and ApoB significantly decreased and adiponectin and ApoA1 increased in all groups. In conclusion, although the C group's participants experienced an improvement in some of the cardiometabolic indices with weight loss, those in the S and D groups showed significantly better results in most of the outcomes, indicating the beneficial effects of low-fat dairy foods and/or Ca+vitamin D intake as complements to a hypocaloric diet.
Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and body weight; In animal studies, n-3 PUFA have been shown to influence body composition and to reduce the accumulation of body fat, thereby affecting body weight homeostasis. In addition, it has been suggested that an additional supply of n-3 PUFA during pregnancy or lactation, or both, would have a beneficial effect on birth weight and infant growth and development. The purpose of the present study was to systematically review interventional clinical trials on the effects of dietary n-3 PUFA supplementation on body weight in adult subjects and in infants whose mothers were supplemented with these fatty acids during pregnancy and/or lactation. A systematic search, focused on n-3 PUFA and body weight, and limited to controlled clinical trials, was performed in different databases. The quality of all included studies was assessed against set criteria, and results of eligible trials were compared. There were few studies targeting this topic. In adults, all of the five studies included, except for one, show no change in body weight by dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFA. Within those trials conducted in pregnant and/or lactating women in which a main outcome was birth weight or growth in infancy, two showed a modest increase in birth weight and the rest showed no effect. None of the trials showed an effect of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation on infant's weight at the short term. However, it should be noted that a number of limitations, including a variety of experimental designs, type and doses of n-3 PUFA, and high attrition rates, among others, make impossible to draw robust conclusions from this review.
Crushed flaxseed <i>versus</i> flaxseed oil in the diets of Nubian goats: Effect on feed intake, digestion, ruminal fermentation, blood chemistry, milk production, milk composition and milk fatty acid profile; Plant oils or oil-rich seeds that are rich in unsaturated fatty acids can be used as feedstocks to modify milk fatty acid profiles. The effect of providing lactating Nubian goats with flaxseed oil or crushed seeds on the feed intake, digestion, ruminal fermentation, lactational performance and milk fatty acid profile was assessed. Fifteen lactating does, weighing 33.2 +/- 0.8 kg after parturition, were randomly assigned to three treatments in a quintuplicated 3 x 3 Latin square design. Does were stratified according to their previous milk production, parity and expected average milk yield in a 90-day experiment. Does were fed a basal diet containing 500 g of ber-seem clover and 500 g of concentrates (Control treatment) or the control diet supplemented with 50 g of crushed flaxseed containing 37.5% oil (Seed treatment) or 20 mL of flaxseed oil (Oil treatment). Without affecting the feed intake, crushed flaxseed and flaxseed oil increased (P < 0.05) the organic matter and crude protein digestibilities. Flaxseed oil lowered (P < 0.05) ruminal pH and acetate proportion. Flaxseed and oil increased (P < 0.05) total volatile fatty acids and propionate concentration and proportion. Flaxseed oil had no effect on fibre digestibility, but crushed flaxseed increased (P < 0.01) fibre digestibility. High concentrations of serum glucose (P < 0.05) and low (P < 0.001) concentrations of triglycerides (P < 0.001), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and beta-hydroxybutyrate were observed with crushed flaxseed and flaxseed oil. Flaxseed oil and crushed flaxseed increased (P < 0.05) milk production and milk (feed) efficiency; however, flaxseed oil decreased (P < 0.05) milk fat content. Moreover, crushed flaxseed and flaxseed oil decreased (P < 0.05) milk saturated fatty acids and atherogenicity index and increased the concentrations of unsaturated fatty acids and total conjugated linoleic acid. In conclusion, supplementing the diet of lactating Nubian goats with flaxseed oil or crushed flaxseed enhanced milk production and altered milk fatty acid composition. However, crushed flaxseed is preferable to flaxseed oil.
Impact of Meal Fatty Acid Composition on Postprandial Lipemia in Metabolically Healthy Adults and Individuals with Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: A Systematic Review; Consuming fat results in postprandial lipemia, which is defined as an increase in blood triglyceride (TG) concentration. According to current knowledge, an excessively elevated postprandial TG concentration increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is well known that mealdependent (e.g., nutrient composition) as well as meal- independent factors (e.g., age) determine the magnitude of the lipemic response. However, there is conflicting evidence concerning the influence of fatty acid (FA) composition on postprandial TG concentration. The FA composition of a meal depends on the fat source used; for example, butter and coconut oil are rich in SFAs, while olive oil and canola oil have a high content of unsaturated FAs. To investigate the influence of meals prepared with fat sources rich in either SFAs or unsaturated FAs on postprandial lipemia, we carried out a systematic literature search in PubMed, Scopus, and the Cochrane Library. Randomized crossover studies were analyzed and the AUC of postprandial TG concentration served as the primary outcome measure. To examine the influence of health status, we differentiated between metabolically healthy individuals and those with CVD risk factors. In total, 23 studies were included. The results show that, in metabolically healthy adults, the FA composition of a meal is not a relevant determinant of postprandial lipemia. However, in individuals with CVD risk factors, SFArich meals (>32 g SFA/meal) often elicited a stronger lipemic response than meals rich in unsaturated FAs. The results suggest that adults with hypertriglyceridemia, an elevated BMI (>= 30 kg/m(2)), and/or who are older (>40 y) may benefit from replacing SFA sources with unsaturated FAs. These hypotheses need to be verified by further studies in people with CVD risk factors using standardized postprandial protocols.
Randomized controlled trial of the effect of phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk on lipid profile in Chinese; Phytosterols found naturally in plants are known to reduce cholesterol absorption in the gut. The traditional southern Chinese diet typically contains many vegetables and not much meat, and there is high prevalence of lactose intolerance in Chinese; we therefore aimed to test if phytosterols-enriched milk is effective in lowering serum LDL-cholesterol in Chinese. Two hundred and twenty-one participants (41 men and 180 women; age 24-79) without cholesterol-lowering drugs or diabetes mellitus were randomized to daily intake of phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk which contained 1.5 g phytosterols per day (N = 110) or a conventional low-fat milk (N = 111) for three weeks. Fasting bloods were taken before and at the end of the study for the measurement of lipid and glucose profile. Physical examination was also performed. Comparing treatment with control, treatment group had significant decrease in serum LDL-cholesterol level (9.5 +/- 2.0%; p < 0.0001). Phytosterols intake also decreased total cholesterol (P < 0.0001) and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.01). Consumption of a phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk led to a significant fall in LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol, and diastolic blood pressure in Chinese. This can be recommended as part of a healthy diet for people.
Dietary phosphatidylcholine supplementation reduces atherosclerosis in <i>Ldlr</i><SUP>-/-</SUP> male mice<SUP>2</SUP>; Choline is an essential nutrient required for various biological processes. Eggs, dairy, and meat are rich in phosphatidylcholine (PC), whereas cereal and legumes are rich in free choline. Excess dietary choline leads to increase plasma trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO). Epidemiological studies suggest that plasma TMAO is a biomarker for atherosclerosis and it has been suggested that a lower intake of eggs and meat would reduce choline consumption and thus reduce atherosclerosis development. To investigate whether the form of dietary choline influences atherosclerosis development in Ldlr(-/-), we randomly fed Ldlr(-/-) male mice (aged 8 - 10 wk) one of the three 40% (calories) high fat diets (with 0.5% w/w of cholesterol): Control (0.1% w/w free-choline, CON), choline-supplemented (0.4% free-choline, CS), or PC-supplemented (0.1% free-choline and 0.3% choline from PC, PCS). After 12-wk of dietary intervention, the animals were euthanized and tissues and blood collected. Aortic atherosclerotic plaque area, plasma choline, lipid metabolites, and spleen and peripheral blood cell phenotypes were quantified. Surprisingly, the PCS group had significantly lower atherosclerotic lesions while having 2-fold higher plasma TMAO levels compared with both CON and CS groups (P<0.05). In the fasting state, we found that PCS decreased plasma very low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (VLDL-C) and apolipoprotein B48 (APOB48), and increased plasma high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C). However, very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) secretion was not affected by dietary treatment. We observed lower levels of circulating pro-atherogenic chemokines in the PCS group. Our study suggests that increased dietary PC intake does not induce a pro-atherogenic phenotype. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Does probiotic supplementation aid weight loss? A randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled study with<i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i>BS01 and<i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i>LA02 supplementation; Purpose Probiotic supplements are gaining popularity worldwide. This trend is especially present in females, and a common motivation for consumption is weight loss, no matter the BMI. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic supplementation on weight loss in healthy, young adult females and to put claims made by manufacturers of such products to the test. Methods The study utilizes a randomized, single-blind, placebo-control design. 53 females aged 19-33 were enrolled, and 38 completed the trial. A 6 week supplementation withBifidobacterium lactisBS01 andLactobacillus acidophilusLA02 or placebo was conducted. Anthropometric measures (body mass, BMI, body fat percentage, arm skinfold fat, waist circumference, and WHR) were applied pre and post-treatment. Results No significant changes in anthropometric measures were observed in both supplementation and placebo groups. Conclusion The results of this investigation do not support claims made by probiotic products manufacturers, that they aid weight loss. Our results seem to support an argument that weight loss is mostly associated with food habits and dietary behaviors, not probiotic intake. It is possible that probiotic supplementation may play a facilitating weight loss but has no effect without dietary intervention. Another possible explanation is that due to strain specificity-bacteria strains used in this study are not effective for weight loss.
Consumption of Dairy Products in Relation to Changes in Anthropometric Variables in Adult Populations: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Background The current state of knowledge regarding the association of dairy products and weight gain, overweight, and obesity is based on studies reporting contradicting and inconclusive results. The aim of the present study was thus to clarify the link between dairy consumption in relation to changes in anthropometric measures/adiposity by a meta-analytical approach. Methods For the meta-analysis PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Sciences, and google scholar were searched by two independent authors up to May 2016 with no restriction to language or calendar date. Prospective cohort studies reporting about intake of dairy consumption (including milk, yogurt, cheese, butter) and changes in body weight or waist circumference, risk of overweight, obesity, or weight gain were eligible. Pooled effects were calculated using a random effects model, and also a fixed effect model for sensitivity analysis. Due to the heterogeneity of statistical analytical approaches of the studies the analysis were done separately for beta-coefficients of changes in body weight and/or waist circumference per serving of dairy, for differences in weight gain/gain in waist circumference when comparing extreme categories of dairy consumption, and for odds ratios in regard to weight gain, over-weight/obesity, or abdominal obesity. Findings 24 studies (27 reports) met the inclusion criteria for the systematic review, and 22 studies provided sufficient data for inclusion in the meta-analysis. The meta-analysis of the five studies on changes in body weight per serving of dairy no significant results could be found for whole fat dairy and low fat dairy. However, there was inverse association between changes in body weight for each serving's increase of yogurt (beta: -40.99 gram/year, 95% CI, -48.09 to -33.88), whereas each serving's increase of cheese was positively associated (beta: -10.97 gram/year, 95% CI, 2.86 to 19.07). Furthermore, the highest dairy intake category was associated with a reduced risk of abdominal obesity (OR: 0.85; 95% CI, 0.76 to 0.95), and risk of overweight (OR: 0.87; 95% CI, 0.76 to 1.00) compared to the lowest intake category. No significant association could be observed for risk of weight gain. Conclusion In summary the results of the meta-analysis still reflect that dairy consumption was not positively related to changes in body weight. Yogurt was the only dairy food that showed some evidence for a beneficial effect, where higher intakes were inversely associated a reduced risk of obesity, changes in body weight or waist circumference. Further research is needed, since the overall interpretation of the results is limited by heterogeneous risk estimates.
Dairy consumption and body mass index: an inverse relationship; Objective: To assess the relationship between consumption of dairy products and body mass index (BMI) in Tehranian adults. Design: Cross-sectional study. Subjects: A total of 462 healthy subjects (223 men and 239 women) aged over 16 y selected randomly from among participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS). Measurements: Dietary data were collected by means of a food frequency questionnaire for 1 y and two 24-h dietary recalls. Height and weight were measured and BMI was calculated. Physical activity was assessed by the Lipid Research Clinic (LRC) questionnaire. Results: Consumption of dairy products was 3.7+/-1.0 and 2.9+/-1.2 servings per day in men and women, respectively. As the servings of dairy consumption increased per day, the proportion of normal-weight subjects rose and that of obese ones declined. As BMI increased, the proportion of subjects with lower consumption of dairy products increased, whereas that of those with higher consumption decreased. There was a significant inverse correlation between the servings of dairy consumption per day and BMI after controlling for the effect of age, physical activity, energy, carbohydrate, dietary fiber, protein and fat intake (r=-0.38, P<0.05). After adjustment for potential confounding variables, men and women in the top quartile of dairy consumption had lower chances for being overweight (OR=0.78, 95% CI=0.43-0.92 for men and OR=0.89, 95% CI=0.53-0.95 for women) and obese (OR=0.73, 95% CI=0.40-0.83 for men and OR=0.69, 95% CI=0.34-0.80 for women) compared to those in the first quartile. Conclusion: The results suggest an inverse relationship between dairy consumption and BMI. It is recommended that further studies address this issue by focusing on the dairy components responsible for this effect.
Effect of a low energy diet, containing a high protein, probiotic condensed yogurt, on biochemical and anthropometric measurements among women with overweight/obesity: A randomised controlled trial; Background & aims: The aim of this study was to determine the effect of low energy diet containing condensed processed yogurt (Kashk), as a high protein, calcium and probiotic enriched product, on glycemic control, lipid profile, anthropometric measurements and blood pressure among women with overweight/obesity. Methods: 70 women with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to receive either a low energy diet contained 50 g of Kashk (intervention group) or a low energy diet without Kashk (control group) for 8 weeks. Anthropometric, blood pressure and biochemical measurements were obtained before and after the intervention. Results: Between-group comparisons showed that the intervention group significantly decreased triglycerides (P = 0.013) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.049) levels relative to the control group. Significantly greater reductions in body mass index (P = 0.018), fat percent (P = 0.037) and waist circumference (P = 0.047) were observed in the intervention group compared to control. Within-group comparisons revealed significant reductions in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.035) and weight (P = 0.005) in the intervention group. Conclusions: Long-term consumption of Kashk, as a high protein and calcium product enriched with probiotic that is accompanied by a low energy diet, might have beneficial effects on anthropometric and biochemical indices, though more cross-over and parallel blinded trials with placebo groups are needed to confirm these results. (The clinical trial registration number is IRCT2013042913163N1). (c) 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Association of dietary factors and other coronary risk factors with social class in women in five Indian cities; The association between social classes, food intake and coronary risk factors was determined. Cross-sectional surveys were conducted in 6-12 urban streets in each of five cities, each one from five different regions of India using similar methods of dietary intakes and criteria of diagnosis. We randomly selected 3257 women aged 25-64 years inclusive, from Moradabad (n = 902), Trivandrum (n = 760), Calcutta (n = 410), Nagpur (n = 405) and Bombay (n = 780). All subjects, after pooling of data, were divided into social class 1 (n = 985), class 2 (n = 790), class 3 (n = 774), class 4 (n = 602) and class 5 (n = 206) based on various attributes of socioeconomic status. Social class 1 was the highest and 5 was the lowest social class. Social classes 1-3 had greater intake of pro-atherogenic foods; total visible fat, milk and milk products, meat and eggs, as well as sugar and confectionery, compared to social classes 4 and 5. The consumption of wheat, rice, millets, fruits, vegetables and legume/total visible fat ratio were inversely associated with social class. Mean body mass index (BMI), obesity, overweight, central obesity and sedentary lifestyle were also significantly more common among subjects from higher social classes. Spearman's rank correlation showed that bodyweight, BMI, wheat, rice, millets, total visible fat, milk and milk products, meat, eggs, sugar and jaggery intakes were significantly correlated with social class. Social class 5 subjects had a lower intake of all foods and a lower BMI, suggestive of a higher rate of undernutrition among them. The findings indicate that the consumption of pro-atherogenic foods and other coronary risk factors are more common in higher social classes compared to lower social classes.
EFFECTS OF WALNUTS ON SERUM-LIPID LEVELS AND BLOOD-PRESSURE IN NORMAL MEN; Background. In a recent six-year follow-up study, we found that frequent consumption of nuts was associated with a reduced risk of ischemic heart disease. To explore possible explanations for this finding, we studied the effects of nut consumption on serum lipids and blood pressure. Methods. We randomly placed 18 healthy men on two mixed natural diets, each diet to be followed for four weeks. Both diets conformed to the National Cholesterol Education Program Step 1 diet and contained identical foods and macronutrients, except that 20 percent of the calories of one diet (the walnut diet) were derived from walnuts (offset by lesser amounts of fatty foods, meat, and visible fat [oils, margarine, and butter]). Results. With the reference diet, the mean (+/-SD) serum values for total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol were, respectively, 182+/-23, 112+/-16, and 47+/-11 mg per deciliter (4.71+/-0.59, 2.90+/-0.41, and 1.22+/-0.28 mmol per liter). With the walnut diet, the mean total cholesterol level was 22.4 mg per deciliter (0.58 mmol per liter) lower than the mean level with the reference diet (95 percent confidence interval, 28 to 17 mg per deciliter [0.72 to 0.44 mmol per liter]); the LDL and HDL cholesterol levels were, respectively, 18.2 mg per deciliter (0.47 mmol per liter) (P<0.001) and 2.3 mg per deciliter (0.06 mmol per liter) (P = 0.01) lower. These lower values represented reductions of 12.4, 16.3, and 4.9 percent in the levels of total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol, respectively. The ratio of LDL cholesterol to HDL cholesterol was also lowered (P<0.001) by the walnut diet. Mean blood-pressure values did not change during either dietary period. Conclusions. Incorporating moderate quantities of walnuts into the recommended cholesterol-lowering diet while maintaining the intake of total dietary fat and calories decreases serum levels of total cholesterol and favorably modifies the lipoprotein profile in normal men. The long-term effects of walnut consumption and the extension of this finding to other population groups deserve further study.
Effects of an Iranian traditional fermented food consumption on blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile in type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Background Ash-Kardeh is one of the few fermented foods without a dairy base in Iran, which is traditionally prepared from cereals and plants in the presence of microorganisms (mainly lactic acid bacteria). Purpose This study aimed to assess the effects of Ash-Kardeh consumption on blood glucose, lipid profile, and blood pressure in type 2 diabetic patients. Methods Forty-six patients with type 2 diabetes were studied in this randomized controlled clinical trial. Subjects were randomly allocated into intervention (n = 23) and control (n = 23) groups. Individuals of both groups received the usual treatment of diabetic patients, while those in the intervention group, in addition to the usual treatment, received 250 g of Ash-Kardeh daily for 6 weeks. Fasting blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profiles were measured before and after the intervention. Results Compared to the control group, Ash-Kardeh consumption led to a significant decrease in fasting blood glucose (P = 0.003), total cholesterol (P = 0.025), triglyceride (P = 0.003), systolic (P < 0.001), and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.014) in the intervention group. Also, a significant increase in the concentrations of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.048) was observed after Ash-Kardeh consumption. Conclusion It seems that Ash-Kardeh consumption could improve high blood glucose, lipid profile, and hypertension in type 2 diabetic patients but does not affect low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. This study was registered on 2019-09-15 in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (www.irct.ir) with the code number IRCT20170202032367N3.
A DIET MODERATELY ENRICHED IN PHYTOSTEROLS LOWERS PLASMA-CHOLESTEROL CONCENTRATIONS IN NORMOCHOLESTEROLEMIC HUMANS; Twelve normolipidic healthy human subjects were fed a diet with or without additional soybean phytosterols for 4 weeks in a crossover design. The order of the treatments was randomized. Phytosterols were added to the diet blended in butter. The dietary ratio cholesterol:phytosterols was 0.7 during the control period (436 mg cholesterol/day and 29 mg phytosterols/day) and 1.88 during the phytosterols period (410 mg cholesterol/day and 740 mg phytosterols/day). Blood cholesterol was 10% lower after subjects consumed the phytosterol-enriched diet than when they consumed the control diet (p < 0.001), which was due to a 15% LDL cholesterol decrease (p < 0.001). The HDL cholesterol:LDL cholesterol ratio was markedly enhanced (+25%) (p < 0.01). These findings suggest that a significant lowering of plasma total and LDL cholesterol can be effected by a modest dietary intake of soybean phytosterols.
Effects of <i>Bifidobacterium longum</i> BB536 on lipid profile and histopathological changes in hypercholesterolaemic rats; The present study investigated the effects of Bifidobacterium longum BB536 on lipid profile, liver and kidney function, and body fat in hypercholesterolaemic rats. 40 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups. The negative control group received a standard diet. The positive control group received a cholesterol-enriched diet, whereas the intervention groups received a cholesterol-enriched diet supplemented with B. longum BB536 alone or in combination with inulin or Mangifera pajang fibrous polysaccharides. After 8 weeks, plasma lipids, and liver and kidney function were tested. Intake of the cholesterol-enriched diet increased total cholesterol, alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, creatinine, urea, liver weight, adipose tissue weight, liver lipid deposition and adipocyte size. B. longum BB536 supplementation significantly reduced total cholesterol, liver lipid deposition and adipocyte size, and positively affected liver and kidney function. These effects were significantly increased in the presence of inulin and M. pajang fibrous polysaccharides.
Effect of probiotics on lipid profiles in hypercholesterolaemic adults: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Recent clinical studies have yielded controversial results regarding the effect of probiotics on lipid profiles. To assess the efficacy of probiotics in lowering serum lipid concentrations, we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Methods: Literature from the PubMed, Embase and Cochrane databases were searched and screened. The effects of probiotics on lipid profiles were assessed by mean difference (MD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). All included studies were analyzed using Review Manager 5.3 (Cochrane Collaboration, 2014). Results: A total of 19 RCTs, including 967 participants, met the inclusion criteria. Probiotic interventions reduced total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) compared to controls (placebo or no treatment) by -0.25 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.39, -0.12) and -0.17 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.25, -0.09), respectively. No significant effects of probiotics on triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels were found. The effects of probiotics on decreasing TC and LDL-C levels were greater for longer intervention times, certain probiotic strains, and in younger mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Conclusion: This meta-analysis revealed that the use of probiotics can significantly lower TC and LDL-C levels in hypercholesterolaemic adults, which brings hope for reducing the risk factors for developing cardiovascular disease. (C) 2018 Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
A comparison of the LDL-cholesterol lowering efficacy of plant stanols and plant sterols over a continuous dose range: Results of a meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials; Purpose: To determine if plant stanols and plant sterols differ with respect to their low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-CH) lowering efficacies across a continuous dose range. Methods: Dose-response relationships were evaluated separately for plant stanols and plant sterols and reductions in LDL-CH, using a first-order elimination function. Results: Altogether, 113 publications and 1 unpublished study report (representing 182 strata) complied with the pre-defined inclusion and exclusion criteria and were included in the assessment. The maximal LDL-CH reductions for plant stanols (16.4%) and plant stanol ester (17.1%) were significantly greater than the maximal LDL-CH reductions for plant sterols (8.3%) and plant sterol ester (8.4%). These findings persisted in several additional analyses. Discussion and conclusions: Intakes of plant stanols in excess of the recommended 2 g/day dose are associated with additional and dose-dependent reductions in LDL-CH, possibly resulting in further reductions in the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Milk enriched with "healthy fatty acids" improves cardiovascular risk markers and nutritional status in human volunteers; Objective: The main goal of the present study was to evaluate the effect of a commercially available milk containing small amounts,of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, and vitamins A, B6, D, E, and folic acid compared with semi-skimmed and skimmed milk in volunteers with moderate cardiovascular risk. Methods: Two hundred ninety-seven subjects 25 to 65 y of age with moderate cardiovascular risk were randomly allocated into three groups. In addition to their diets, one group consumed 500 mL/d of the enriched milk, another group consumed 500 mL/d of skimmed milk, and a control group consumed 500 mL/d of semi-skimmed milk. All groups consumed the dairy drinks for I y and blood samples were taken at 0 and 12 mo. Results: Consumption of enriched milk for 1 y produced significant (P < 0.05) increases in serum folate (58%) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (4%). Plasma triacylglycerols (10%), total cholesterol (4%), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (6%) were reduced significantly only in the supplemented group. Serum glucose, homocysteine, and C-reactive protein remained unchanged. In the skimmed milk and semi-skimmed milk groups, the only significant decreases were in serum folate (17% and 11%, respectively). Conclusion: Daily intake of a milk enriched with fish oil, oleic acid, and vitamins improved the nutritional status and cardiovascular risk markers of volunteers, whereas skimmed milk and semi-skimmed milk did not. (C) 2009 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Minimal effective dose of lactic-fermented egg white on visceral fat in Japanese men: a double-blind parallel-armed pilot study; BackgroundWe previously reported that the consumption of 8g of protein per day in the form of lactic-fermented egg white (LAFEW) improves visceral fat obesity. In this study, we investigated the minimum effective intake of LAFEW for visceral fat reduction in the Japanese males with mild obesity.MethodsTwenty-two Japanese adult males with a Body mass index (BMI) 24 and a waist circumference85cm were included in this study. The subjects were divided into three groups, that is, control group, LAFEW 6g group, and LAFEW 8g group. The LAFEW 6 and 8g groups consumed 6 and 8g, respectively, of egg white protein (EWP) in a drink at breakfast for 8weeks, whereas the control group consumed a drink containing 8g of milk whey protein. Body weight, body fat percentage, abdominal circumference, and visceral fat (VF) area around the navel were measured at 0 and 8weeks after initiating the consumption.ResultsNo changes in body weight or body fat percentage were observed in any of the groups. No significant differences between the pre- and posttreatment measurements were found in the VF area around the navel in the control group and the LAFEW 6g group. In the LAFEW 8g group, the VF area had decreased significantly after 8weeks of consumption, when compared to that before consumption, and the average observed decrease (cm(2)) was 13.24.7cm(2). Among the subjects with an initial BMI >25, the VF area was significantly smaller in the LAFEW 8group, when compared to the week 0 values and those in the control group. Visceral fat/subcutaneous fat values in the LAFEW 8group were also significantly smaller than those in the control group or at week 0.ConclusionThe results suggested that the minimum effective intake of EWP in the LAFEW to reduce the VF area in the Japanese men is 8g.Trial registrationThis clinical trial was retrospectively registered with the University hospital Medical Information Network (UMIN) Center, (UMIN000031681; registered on 12/03/2018).
Effects of neutral detergent fiber from rice straw on blood metabolites and productivity of dairy cows in the tropics; This study aimed to assess the effects or neutral detergent fiber (NDF) from rice straw on blood metabolites and productivity of dairy cows in the tropics, Eight Holstein x indigenous (75-87.5% Holstein) were randomly allocated to dietary treatments according to a double 4x4 Latin square design. Contents of roughage NDF from rice straw were 12.8, 14.8, 16.8 and 18.8% dry matter (DM) and concentrate NDF content was 10.2% DM, so that levels of dietary NDF were 23, 25, 27 and 29% DM. Dietary treatments were isonitrogenous and isocaloric diets. The average maximum and minimum temperature humidity index during the experimental period were 85.6 and 76.9, respectively. Plasma glucose (p < 0.05), dry matter intake and 4% fat corrected milk (p < 0.01) decreased with increasing contents of roughage NDF from rice straw. while rectal temperature. serum urea, cortisol, lover density lipoprotein-cholesterol (p < 0.05), serum total protein and beta-hydroxybutyrate (p < 0.01) increased. Serum triglyceride. total cholesterol and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol were not affected (p > 0.05). Decreased rectal temperature and concentrations of serum cortisol were associated with decreasing levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate and serum urea, but with increased concentrations of Plasma glucose, DMI and 4% fat corrected milk indicating that lactating cows fed lower fiber diets were in lower oxidative stress, Therefore higher intake and metabolic efficiency in dairy cows fed diets lower in roughage NDF from rice straw would be of an advantage in productive systems tinder tropical conditions.
Plasma parameters related to energy and lipid metabolism in periparturient Modenese and Italian Friesian cows; The aim of this work was to compare energy and lipid metabolism during the peripartum period between Modenese (MO) and Italian Friesian (IF) cows. The study was carried out on 33 pluriparous pregnant cows, 19 IF and 14 MO, reared together in the same herd and kept under equal conditions of management and nutrition. Blood was sampled from jugular vein starting 4 week before expected calving date until 4 week post-calving, once weekly. Plasma was analysed for glucose, NEFA, BHBA, triglycerides and cholesterol concentrations. Body condition score (BCS) was assessed weekly after blood sampling. Data from antepartum (a.p.) and post-partum (p.p.) periods were separately analysed as repeated measures by a linear mixed models with the effect of breed, time and their interaction as main factors and random cow within breed. The energy status differed between the two breeds during the peripartum period. We observed higher BCS a.p. and p.p. and lower BCS variations p.p. in MO compared to IF group. Modenese cows showed lower glucose and cholesterol concentrations (p < 0.001), but higher NEFA values, NEFA to cholesterol and NEFA to albumin ratios (p < 0.001) during a. p.; on the contrary, IF cows had higher (p < 0.05) cholesterol, NEFA, BHBA levels and NEFA to albumin ratio than MO ones during p. p. The differences observed between the two breeds suggest how MO cows are subjected to lipid mobilization during late gestation; on the contrary, IF cows are predisposed to mobilize their lipid reserves at the beginning of lactation to support high production. The results indicate a diverse ability to cope with metabolic stress and suggest the hypothesis that the differences in concentrations of plasma parameters and their variation amplitude around the calving period might depend on the different genetic merit for milk production between the two breeds.
Effects of Daily Intake of Calcium and Vitamin D-Enriched Milk in Healthy Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized, Controlled, Double-Blind Nutritional Study; Objective: To determine the effect of the daily intake of calcium and vitamin D-enriched milk (with or without fructooligosaccharides [FOS]) on vitamin D, bone metabolism, and cardiovascular risk factors. Materials and Methods: Two-year randomized controlled study, including 500 healthy postmenopausal women, assigned to 500mL/day of skimmed milk to one of three groups: Low-dose (L): (120mg/100mL calcium, vitamin D-3 30UI/100mL), group A: calcium and vitamin D (180mg/100mL and 120UI/100mL), and group B: calcium and vitamin D (180mg/100mL and 120UI/100mL) and FOS (5g/L). We evaluated serum 25(OH)D, bone mineral density (BMD) by Dual Energy X-ray Absorptiometry, and biochemical data of glucose and lipid metabolism. Results: After 24 months, vitamin D concentrations did not change in the control group, but increased in group A and group B, p<0.001. We observed an increase in femoral neck BMD and an improvement in fasting plasma glucose, HbA(1c), total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B 100. Conclusions: Daily intake of milk enriched with calcium and vitamin D in postmenopausal healthy women induces a significant improvement in vitamin D status, a significant increase in BMD at femoral neck, and also favorable effects on glucose and lipid profile.
The effect of okra (<i>Abelmoschus esculentus</i>) on lipid profiles and glycemic indices inType2 diabetic adults: Randomized double blinded trials; The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of okra consumption on serum levels of lipid profiles and glycemic indices in Type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients. The present study was a randomized, double-blinded clinical trial, carried out in Kerman, Iran. Sixty T2D patients were randomized into intervention and control groups and received 10 g okra powder blended in 150 g conventional yogurt or conventional yogurt alone, along with dinner and lunch, for 8 weeks. Glycemic markers and lipid profile were assessed, as well as anthropometric measures, at the beginning and end of study. The findings showed that 8 weeks okra consumption resulted in a significant decrease in fasting plasma glucose (-15.61 +/- 19.44 vs. -3.40 +/- 24.78;p= .02), homeostatic model of assessment for insulin resistance (-1.17 +/- 1.61 vs. -0.14 +/- 1.64;p= .01), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (0.01 +/- 0.007 vs. 0.00 +/- 0.01;p= .004), triacylglycerol (-22.30 +/- 32.46 vs. -3.86 +/- 30.57;p= .001), total cholesterol (-10.23 +/- 10.36 vs. -2.03 +/- 13.94;p= .004), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; -8.15 +/- 10.01 vs. -2.31 +/- 9.37;p= .02), and LDL-C/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio (-0.28 +/- 0.37 vs. -0.08 +/- 0.24;p= .01). No significant difference was observed between groups in HDL-C, glycated hemoglobin, fasting insulin levels, and anthropometric measures. The present study suggests that okra consumption can elicit improvements in lipid profile, as well as glycemic markers, among T2D patients.
Effects of products designed to modulate the gut microbiota on hyperlipidaemia; Purpose Fatalities due to heart and cerebrovascular diseases caused by uncontrolled hyperlipidaemia increase every year; on the other hand, lipid-lowering drugs are known to cause side effects. The gut microbiota has been thoroughly investigated by researchers and consumers, because they have unique functional properties and littler side effects. However, the effects of the gut microbiota remain controversial. We conducted a meta-analysis to assess the effects of products designed to modulate the gut microbiota on various hyperlipidaemias. Methods We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library (Central), and Web of Science for randomized controlled trials (published before June 2017, and those only in English) to compare treatment (products designed to modulate the gut microbiota) versus placebo. Our main endpoints were total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in serum. We assessed pooled data using a fixed effects model. Results Of 1337 identified studies, 21 were eligible and included in our analysis (n = 1436 participants). The combined estimate of effect size for the impact of products designed to modulate the gut microbiota on serum TC (WMD - 11.07 mg/dL, 95% CI - 13.72 to - 8.43, p < 0.001), LDL-C (WMD - 10.96 mg/dL, 95% CI - 13.37 to - 8.56, p < 0.001), and HDL-C (WMD 0.72 mg/dL, 95% CI 0.06- 1.38, p = 0.032) were statistically significant, while no significant effect was found on TG concentrations (WMD - 0.56 mg/dL, 95% CI - 5.59 to 4.47, p = 0.828). Subgroup analysis showed parallel trials, probiotics, and long-term intervention had better effects on lowering blood lipid levels. Conclusion Products designed to modulate the gut microbiota results in changes of the plasma lipid concentrations and these changes may protect against cardiovascular disease.
Low-fat dairy consumption reduces systolic blood pressure, but does not improve other metabolic risk parameters in overweight and obese subjects; Background and aims: Epidemiological studies have indicated a negative relation between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome. However, evidence from intervention studies is scarce. Our aim was to investigate the effects of daily consumption of low-fat dairy products on metabolic risk parameters in overweight and obese men and women. Methods and results: Thirty-five healthy subjects (BMI > 27 kg/m(2)) consumed low-fat dairy products (500 mL low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 mL fruit juice and 3 fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks in random order. Compared with the control period, systolic blood pressure was decreased by 2.9 mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI), -5.5 to -0.3 mmHg; P = 0.027), while the difference in diastolic blood pressure did not reach statistical significance (95% CI, -3.4 to 0.3 mmHg; P = 0.090). Low-fat dairy consumption decreased HDL-cholesterol concentrations by 0.04 mmol/L (95% CI, -0.07 to -0.01 mmol/L; P = 0.021) and apo A-1 concentrations by 0.04 g/L (95% CI, -0.07 to -0.01 g/L; P = 0.016) compared with control. Serum total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, apo B, triacylglycerols, non-esterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, C-reactive protein and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were unchanged. Conclusion: We conclude that in overweight and obese subjects, daily intake of low-fat dairy products for 8 weeks decreased systolic blood pressure, but did not improve other metabolic risk factors related to the metabolic syndrome. (C) 2009 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.
Lipid lowering effect of <i>Cinnamomum zeylanicum</i> in hyperlipidaemic albino rabbits; The purpose of the present study was to investigate the lipid lowering effect of Cinnamomum zeylanicum (Cinnamon) in hyperlipidaemic albino rabbits. For this purpose, forty eight albino rabbits were randomly divided into eight equal groups; untreated control on normal routine feed, untreated control on butter and cholesterol, treated control on synthetic cholesterol lowering drug simvastatin (Tablet survive (R) 20 mg), three treated groups on three respective doses of C. zeylanicum bark powder and two treated groups on water and methanol extracts of C. zeylanicum bark powder. Butter ad lib and cholesterol powder 500 mg/kg body weight were used to induce experimental hyperlipidaemia in all groups except untreated control group. The results suggested that C. zeylanicum bark powder at the rate of 0.50 g/kg, 0.75 g/kg and methanol extract equivalent to 0.75 g/kg powder produced respective percent reductions in total lipids by 45, 49 and 64; triglycerides by 38, 53 and 60; total cholesterol by 53, 64 and 69 and LDL-cholesterol by 50, 59 and 62. However, at these dosage levels HDL-cholesterol showed respective percent increase of 42, 48 and 53. Nonetheless, C. zeylanicum bark powder at the level of 0.25g/kg and C. zeylanicum extract in water could not significantly reduce lipid profile indicators. Based on these studies, it can safely be said that C. zeylanicum bark powder methanol extract equivalent to 0.75g/kg bark powder and simvastatin (0.6 mg/kg b. wt.) were equieffective in treating hyperlipidaemia.
Pelleted total mixed ration improves growth performance of fattening lambs; Twenty-four fattening lambs were randomly assigned to two groups (completely randomized design) to assess effects of feeding a pelleted total mixed ration (PTMR) on growth performance and rumen fermentation characteristic of lambs. Dietary treatments were PTMR and unpelleted total mixed ration (UPTMR). During a 56-d fattening period, growth and digestibility were measured and samples of blood and rumen fluid were collected. At the end of the fattening period, lambs were slaughtered and digestive tracts were collected and evaluated. Dietary PTMR increased dry matter intake and average daily gain (P < 0.001) of lambs, but did not significantly affect feed conversion rate, increased apparent digestibility of dietary crude protein (P < 0.001), ash-free acid detergent fiber (P < 0.001), ether extract (P < 0.01), and starch (P < 0.001), but did not change apparent digestibility of dietary dry matter and amylase-treated ash-free neutral detergent fiber. Feeding PTMR increased concentrations of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.05) and decreased low density lipoprotein cholesterol in plasma (P < 0.05) and hence was beneficial to health of lambs by modulating cholesterol metabolism. Feeding PTMR altered rumen fermentation and increased the ratio of acetate to propionate in rumen fluid (P < 0.001). Furthermore, PTMR increased rumen papilla height and density (P < 0.001), decreased crypt depth of duodenum (P < 0.05) and hence increased the ratio of villus length to crypt depth and mucosal layer thickness of duodenum (P < 0.001), jejunum (P < 0.01), and ileum (P < 0.01). In conclusion, feeding PTMR increased growth performance of fattening lambs; this was attributed to improvements in gastrointestinal tract development, rumen fermentation characteristics and cholesterol metabolism.
Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk enhances the attainment of LDL-cholesterol goal in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background The number of hypercholesterolemic individuals who do not meet their cholesterol recommended targets is inappropriately high. The use of plant sterol-enriched foods could help in this clinical setting. Aim of the study To evaluate the efficacy and side effects of plant sterol-enriched fermented milk in reducing LDL-cholesterol and increasing the number of patients who attain their therapeutic targets. Methods This was a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel clinical trial. Eighty-three hypercholesterolemic patients that were not at therapeutic goals were studied. The patients received one 100 ml serving of either plain (control) low-fat or phytosterol enriched (1.6 g of free sterol equivalents) drinkable yogurt per day along with the main meal for 42 days. The principal variables were variation on LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) concentration and the number of patients achieving therapeutic goals after intervention. Results Patients on phytosterols attained an average LDL-C reduction of more than 10% (12.2% after 3 weeks; 10.6% after 6 weeks) (P = 0.001; 95% CI: 4.03-19.00) regardless of statin therapy compared to the control group. About 50% of the subjects on phytosterols, as compared to 20% of controls, attained their LDL-C target values (< 3.3 or < 2.6 mmol/l for primary and secondary prevention, respectively) at the end of the study (P < 0.001). HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) did not change and triglycerides (TG) were decreased by 14% (P < 0.018). The plasma sterols/total cholesterol ratio increased. Conclusions Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk significantly reduced LDL-C and increased the number of moderately hypercholesterolemic patients achieving therapeutic targets.
Ethanol with a mixed meal decreases the incretin levels early postprandially and increases postprandial lipemia in type 2 diabetic patients; Increased postprandial lipemia is a risk marker of cardiovascular disease (CVD). While moderate alcohol drinking is associated with a reduced risk of CVD in nondiabetic and type 2 diabetic patients, it is also known that alcohol increases postprandial triacylglycerol levels. The incretins, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), are important hormones from the gut that enhance nutrient-stimulated insulin secretion. Their responses to a moderate alcohol dose in type 2 diabetes have not previously been studied. We sought to determine how alcohol influences postprandial lipid and incretin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes when taken in combination with a fat-rich mixed meal. Eleven patients with type 2 diabetes ingested on 3 separate days in random order 3 different meals containing: 100 g butter alone or 100 g butter in combination with 40 g alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate, or 100 g butter and 120 g carbohydrate. The meal with alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate was isocaloric to that of 120 g carbohydrate. Triacylglycerol levels were measured after separation by ultracentrifugation into a chylomicron-rich fraction with Svedberg flotation unit values (Sf) > 1,000, and a chylomicron-poor fraction with Sf < 1,000. Supplementation of a fat-rich mixed meal with alcohol in type 2 diabetic subjects suppressed GLP-1 early in the postprandial phase and increased the late triacylglycerol responses compared with the 2 other meals. In the chylomicron-rich fraction, both triacylglycerol and cholesterol were increased by alcohol. No significant differences in high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels were seen. Isocaloric amounts of carbohydrate and alcohol suppressed equally the postprandial free fatty acid levels, but carbohydrate increased the postprandial glucose, GIP, and insulin levels the most. Early in the postprandial phase, alcohol suppresses the incretin responses and increases the late postprandial triacylglycerol levels in type 2 diabetic patients. Whether this reflects an alcohol-induced suppression of the incretin response, which adds to the alcohol-induced impairment of triacylglycerol clearance in type 2 diabetic patients, remains to be elucidated. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Consumption of Sugar-Sweetened Beverages in Relation to the Metabolic Syndrome among Iranian Adults; Background: Few data are available linking intake of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) with the metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, findings from these studies are inconsistent and most are from Western societies; no information is available in this regard from Middle Eastern populations. Objective : This study was conducted to assess the relationship between SSB consumption and metabolic syndrome in an Iranian adult population. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, data from 1,752 people (782 men and 970 women) that were selected with the multistage cluster random sampling method from three counties of Isfahan, Najafabad and Arak were used. A validated food frequency questionnaire was used to assess participants' usual dietary intakes. Consumption of SSBs was calculated by summing up the consumption of 'soft drinks' and 'artificially sweetened fruit juices'. To categorize participants, we used three levels of SSB consumption: <1 time/week, 1-3 times/week, and >3 times/week. Biochemical assessments were done after an overnight fasting. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the guidelines of Adult Treatment Panel III. Results: Subjects with high consumption of SSBs (>3 times/week) were younger than those with low consumption (<1 time/week). Mean BMI was not significantly different across SSB categories. High consumption of SSBs was associated with greater intakes of energy and almost all food groups. We found a significant difference in serum triglyceride levels between men consuming SSBs 1-3 times/week and those consuming <1 time/week. However, after controlling for potential confounders, this association disappeared. In crude models, no significant associations were found between SSB intake and prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in either gender. After adjustment for potential confounders including BMI, we found that men in the top category of SSB intake were 17% more likely to have the metabolic syndrome (odds ratio (OR) 1.17; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.56-2.46), while women in the highest category were 20% less likely to have the syndrome (OR 0.80; 95% CI 0.46-1.42) as compared with those in the bottom category. However, these associations were not significant in either men or women. Conclusion: Our results do not support the previous findings on the association between SSB consumption and metabolic syndrome. Prospective studies are needed to further explore for this association. Copyright (c) 2012 S. Karger GmbH, Freiburg
Dietary Calcium Source Influences Body Composition, Glucose Metabolism and Hormone Levels in a Mouse Model of Postmenopausal Obesity; Background: The prevalence of obesity has risen dramatically, with postmenopausal women particularly prone to increased adiposity. Epidemiologic data suggest that dietary calcium, particularly from dairy products, can decrease weight gain. The aim of this study was to evaluate effects of different calcium sources in a mouse model of postmenopausal obesity. Materials and Methods: Ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice were randomized to either low-fat (LF) or high-fat (HF) diets containing either calcium phosphate from non-fat dried milk and whey mineral concentrate (dairy) or calcium carbonate (supplement). Results: Dairy, but not supplement, decreased weight gain and percent body fat in HF mice, with no effect on food consumption. Dairy improved insulin resistance and glucose tolerance, while supplement increased bone mineral density in LF mice. Dairy had no effect oil bone. Conclusion: The beneficial effects of dietary calcium on body weight and bone health after menopause may be significantly influenced by other dietary components.
Rationale and design of the TRANSFACT project phase I:: A study to assess the effect of the two different dietary sources of <i>trans</i> fatty acids on cardiovascular risk factors in humans; Background: Detrimental effects of consumption of industrial trans fatty acids (TFA) from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors are well documented. However, very little information is available on the effect of natural sources of TFA coming from milk fat, dairy products and ruminant meat. In fact, due to the naturally low level of TFA in milk fat, it is almost impossible to conduct a clinical trial with a limited number of subjects (< 200). Methodology: To compare the effects of industrial and natural dietary sources of TFA, two specific test fats have been designed and produced. A substantial amount of milk fat (130 kg) enriched in TFA has been produced by modification of the cow's diet and selection of cows with the highest TFA content. The level obtained was approximately 4- to 7-fold higher than typically present in milk fat (similar to 20 instead of 3-6 g/100 g of total fatty acids). The control fat is composed of PHVO balanced in saturated fatty acids (lauric, myristic and palmitic). Both experimental fats contain about 20-22% of monounsaturated TFA and the volunteers' daily experimental fat intake (54 g), will represent about 12.0 g/day of TFA or 5.4% of the daily energy (based on 2000 kcal/day). These two test fats have been incorporated into food items and will be provided to 46 healthy subjects under a randomised, double blind, controlled, cross-over design. The primary outcome is high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), which is an independent risk factor for CVD. Other parameters such as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C), and HDL-C level and subclasses will be also to be evaluated. Conclusion: We have shown that it is technically feasible to perform a clinical trial on the comparative effects of natural and industrial sources of TFA isomers on CVD risk factors. Results are expected by mid-2006. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of calcium and vitamin D supplementation on obesity in postmenopausal women: secondary analysis for a large-scale, placebo controlled, double-blind, 4-year longitudinal clinical trial; Background: It is undetermined whether calcium supplementation has an effect on obesity or body composition in postmenopausal women. The purpose of the study is to detect the effect of calcium supplementation on indices of obesity and body composition. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of data from a population-based, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial designed to determine the effects of calcium and vitamin D on osteoporotic fractures. The cohort included 1179 postmenopausal women who were randomly assigned into one of three groups: 1) supplemental calcium (1400 mg/d or 1500 mg/d) plus vitamin D placebo (Ca-only group); 2) supplemental calcium (1400 mg/d or 1500 mg/d) plus supplemental vitamin D3 (1100 IU/d) (Ca + D group); or, 3) two placebos (placebo group). After applying the exclusion criteria for this analysis, 870 subjects were included in this study. The primary outcomes for the present study were changes in body mass index, trunk fat, trunk lean, and percentage of trunk fat after calcium supplementation. Results: Changes in trunk fat, trunk lean, and percentage of trunk fat were significantly different between the calcium intervention groups (Ca-only group or Ca + D group) and the placebo group during the trial (P < 0.05). The calcium intervention groups gained less trunk fat and maintained more trunk lean when compared to the placebo group. No significant difference was observed for body mass index between groups. Conclusion: Calcium supplementation over four years has a beneficial effect on body composition in postmenopausal women.
Lipidemic effects of an interesterified mixture of butter, medium-chain triacylglycerol and safflower oils; The objective of this study was to determine if the positional structure of dietary triacylglycerol affected lipidemic responses. Thirty healthy adults (16 men and 14 postmenopausal women) with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations >3.37 mM (130 mg/dL) enrolled in a prospective, single-blind, cross-over outpatient clinical trial that consisted of two 5-wk dietary phases. After baseline screening, subjects were instructed to follow individualized meal plans (weight maintenance diets with 36% of total energy from fat, half of which was from a test oil) and randomized to receive either butter (B) or an interesterified mixture (IM) of butter, medium-chain triacylglycerol (MCT), and safflower oils. Blood drawn during weeks 5 and 10 of feeding was analyzed for total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), LDL-C, and triacylglycerols (TAC). Mean plasma levels of TC (B, 6.98 +/- 1.06 mM; IM, 7.09 +/- 1.20 mM), HDL-C (B, 1.30 +/- 0.35 mM; IM, 1.29 +/- 0.34 mM), and LDL-C (B, 4.91 +/- 0.95 mM; IM, 4.92 +/- 1.10 mM) were nor significantly different between the two dietary treatments. Mean TAG levels were higher for the interesterified B-MCT mixture (B, 1.75 +/- 0.72 mM; IM, 1.96 +/- 0.86 mM, P < 0.05). We conclude that an IM of B, MCT, and safflower oils as compared to native B has no appreciable effect on plasma cholesterol concentrations bur is associated with a modest rise in plasma TAG.
A LINOLEATE-ENRICHED CHEESE PRODUCT REDUCES LOW-DENSITY-LIPOPROTEIN IN MODERATELY HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC ADULTS; Objective: To test the effect of substituting a modified-fat cheese product into the diets of hypercholesterolemic adults. Design: A 4-month, randomized, double-blind, crossover substitution trial. Setting: General community outpatient study. Participants: Twenty-six healthy adult volunteers (17 men, 9 women) with moderate hypercholesterolemia (total cholesterol >5.69 mmol/L but <7.24 mmol/L). Intervention: Daily substitution of 100 g of cheese, either partial skim-milk mozzarella or modified-fat (vegetable oil) mozzarella cheese product, into participants' normal diets. Participants consumed an assigned cheese for 2 months, at which time they crossed over to consume the other study cheese. Main Outcome Measures: Plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels were measured at baseline and at 2 and 4 months after initiation of the study. Compliance was assessed by body weight and by biweekly dietary records and interviews. Results: No differences in weight or in the amount or type of calories consumed were found during the study. No statistically significant changes in lipid values resulted from consumption of mozzarella cheese. Modified-fat cheese substitution resulted in a decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level when compared with levels at both baseline (-0.28 mmol/L; 95% CI, -0.14 to -0.42 mmol/L) and during consumption of the skim-milk mozzarella cheese (-0.38 mmol/L; 95% CI, -0.2 to -0.70 mmol/L). Findings for total cholesterol were similar. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma triglyceride, and apolipoprotein A-I and B-100 levels were unaltered. Both sexes responded similarly. Conclusions: A linoleate-enriched cheese product, in the absence of any other changes in diet or habits, substituted into the normal diets of hypercholesterolemic adults reduced low-density lipoprotein and plasma cholesterol levels.
Impact of Silymarin in individuals with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease affecting a significant proportion of the general population. Recently, randomized clinical trials have been conducted examining the efficacy of silymarin in individuals with NAFLD, with conflicting results. The aim of this meta-analysis was to evaluate the efficacy of silymarin in the treatment of NAFLD by examining changes in liver biochemistry, body mass index, and liver histology. Methods: We searched major electronic databases PubMed/MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, as well as gray-literature sources, up to June 2020 for randomized clinical trials examining the efficacy of treatment with silymarin in individuals with NAFLD compared to placebo. The primary outcomes were changes in the mean values of transaminases (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase). Secondary outcomes included changes in body mass index and liver histology. Quality analysis was performed with the risk-of-bias tool 2.0. We synthesized results using weighted mean differences for continuous outcomes, along with 95% confidence intervals. Results: In the meta-analysis, eight randomized clinical trials were included. A cutoff level of 0.05 was considered to provide statistically significant results. Silymarin treatment led to a statistically significant greater reduction in the levels of transaminases compared to placebo, irrespective of weight loss. Conclusions: Silymarin seems to be effective in reducing transaminase levels in individuals with NAFLD. Despite the statistical benefits, we call attention to potential flaws related to the quality of the included studies. Further well-designed studies should be carried out to examine whether this reduction in transaminase levels corresponds to histologic improvement. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Six-Month Randomized Controlled Trial of Whole Soy and Isoflavones Daidzein on Body Composition in Equol-Producing Postmenopausal Women with Prehypertension; Objectives. This paper reported the effects of commonly used whole soy foods (soy flour) and purified daidzein (one of the major isoflavones and the precursor of equol) on changes in anthropometric measurements and body composition in a 6-month double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial among prehypertensive postmenopausal women who are also equol producers. Methods. 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three treatments: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low-fat milk powder (placebo group) daily each for 6 months. Anthropometric indicators and body composition were measured before and after intervention. Results. 253 subjects completed the study with good compliance. Urinary isoflavones levels suggested good compliance of subjects with supplementation. Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on body weight, body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumferences, waist to hip ratio (WHR), body fat percentage, fat mass, and free fat mass. Conclusion. Six-month consumption of whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosage had no improvement on body weight and composition compared with isocaloric milk placebo among prehypertensive equol-producing postmenopausal women. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01270737.
Cholesterol reduction by different plant stanol mixtures and with variable fat intake; Our aim was to investigate (1) whether different campestanol/sitostanol mixtures in margarine differ in reducing serum cholesterol, and (2) whether sitostanol ester in butter decreases serum cholesterol and alters cholesterol absorption and metabolism. Twenty-three postmenopausal women replaced 25 g dietary fat with (1) sitostanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:11) and (2) campestanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:2) rapeseed oil margarine, (3) butter, and (4) sitostanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:13) butter. The respective scheduled stanol intake was 3.18, 3.16, and 2.43 g/d. The 6-week margarine periods and, after an 8-week washout, 5-week butter periods were double-blind and in random order. Serum cholesterol precursor sterols (indicators of cholesterol synthesis) and plant sterols (indicators of cholesterol absorption) were quantified with gas-liquid chromatography (GLC). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was reduced by 8% and 10% with the sitostanol and campestanol ester-rich margarines versus baseline (P < .05 for both) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was increased by 6% and 5% (P < .05), so the LDL/HDL, cholesterol ratio was reduced by 15% (P < .05 for both). Sitostanol ester-rich butter decreased LDL cholesterol 12% and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio 11% (P < .05 for both) versus the butter period. The serum proportions of plant sterols and cholestanol were similarly reduced and those of cholesterol precursor sterols were similarly increased during all periods (P < .05 for all). Serum proportions of sitostanol and campestanol were slightly increased, indicating that their absorption related to their dietary intake, During all stanol interventions, serum vitamin D and retinol concentrations and alpha-tocopherol to cholesterol ratios were unchanged, whereas those of alpha- and beta-carotenes were significantly reduced. We conclude that varying the campestanol to sitostanol ratio from 1:13 to 1:2 in margarine and in butter similarly decreased cholesterol absorption, LDL cholesterol, and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio such that the serum lipids became less atherogenic. Copyright (C) 1999 by W.B. Saunders Company.
THE EFFECTS OF ENERGY-INTAKE DURING PREGNANCY IN DOE RABBITS ON PUP BIRTH-WEIGHT, MILK OUTPUT AND MATERNAL BODY-COMPOSITION CHANGE IN THE ENSUING LACTATION; A study was made in rabbits on the effects of energy intake during pregnancy on pup birth weight and survival, and on doe body composition and milk output in the ensuing lactation. In addition the experiment examined the effects of varying crude-protein intakes during lactation on the rate of fat loss of does and the resultant energetic eficiency of milk production. Forty-seven multiparous cross-bred does were used. They were offered one of two diets in pregnancy, either diet HE (14.8 MJ digestible energy (DE)/kg D.M.) to appetite or diet LE (12.9 MJ DE/kg D.M.) at maintenance levels. After parturition seven does on each treatment were slaughtered and their body composition analysed (control groups). In lactation the remaining does were evenly allocated to receive either diet LE (195 g crude protein (CP)/kg D.M.) or diet HP (240 g CP/kg D.M.) to appetite. Litter sizes were standardized to six pups and litter growth rates were used as an indirect estimate of milk production. Does were then killed, at random, on day 9 or day 18 of lactation to give an estimate of changes in body composition as lactation progressed. Does offered diet HE during pregnancy had higher carcass fat levels at parturition than their counterparts offered diet LE (496 cf. 370 g/kg carcass D.M. respectively). Litter size was unaffected by dietary treatment during pregnancy but litter weights at birth were significantly greater in HE does (442 cf. 398 g respectively). Pup mortality at birth, however, was also much higher in these animals (28 cf. 9% respectively). Voluntary food intake in early lactation (day 1-9) was depressed by feeding diet HE during pregnancy. Milk composition was affected by pregnancy diet, with does offered diet HE producing milk containing significantly higher fat levels (HE 123 g fat/kg milk cf. LE 105 g fat/kg milk). Doe carcass composition changes revealed that fat was usually mobilized in early lactation and gained as lactation progressed independent of  dietary treatment. The protein content of the fat-free dry matter appeared to be relatively unaffected by the dietary treatments imposed. The data were used to derive an estimate of the partial efficiency of dietary energy utilizaion (k) for milk output and maternal tissue gain. The line of best fit was described by the equation ER = 0.65 (.+-. 0.17) MEI-1.25, where ER = milk energy output + carcass energy change and MEI = metabolizable energy intake in MJ.
Effect of consuming novel foods consisting high oleic canola oil, barley β-glucan, and DHA on cardiovascular disease risk in humans: the CONFIDENCE (Canola Oil and Fibre with DHA Enhanced) study - protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) has been identified as a major contributor to the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Current recommendations for dietary management of people with MetS involve quantitative and qualitative modifications of food intake, such as high consumption of vegetables, fruits, and whole grain foods. The results from our previous human trials revealed the potential of the dietary components high-oleic acid canola oil (HOCO)-docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and high molecular weight barley beta-glucan individually in managing CVD risk factors. Foods with a combination of HOCO-DHA and barley beta-glucan have never been tested for their effects on CVD risk. The objective is to determine the effects of consuming novel foods HOCO-DHA, and barley beta-glucan on managing CVD risk factors in people with MetS. Methods/Design: We are conducting a randomized, single-blind crossover trial with four treatment phases of 28 days each separated by a 4-week washout interval. Participants (n=35) will be provided with weight-maintaining, healthy balanced diet recommendations according to their energy requirements during the intervention periods. Participants will receive muffins and cookies as treatment foods in a random order and will consume at least one meal per day at the research center under supervision. The four treatments include muffins and cookies consisting of (1) all-purpose flour and HOCO-DHA (50 g/day); (2) barley flour (4.36 g/day of beta-glucan) and a blend of sunflower oil, safflower oil, and butter as control oil (50 g/day); (3) barley flour (4.36 g/day of beta-glucan) and HOCO-DHA (50 g/day; dosage of DHA would be 3 g/day); and (4) all-purpose flour and control oil (50 g/day). At the beginning and end of each phase, we will evaluate anthropometrics; systolic and diastolic blood pressure; blood lipid profile; low-density lipoprotein subfractions and particle size; 10-year Framingham CVD risk score; inflammatory status; and plasma and red blood cell fatty acid profiles, fecal microbiome, and body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Conclusion: Cholesterol synthesis will also be studied, using a stable isotope approach. The proposed study will lead to innovation of novel food products, which may result in improvement in the overall cardiovascular health of humans.
Unesterified plant sterols and stanols lower LDL-cholesterol concentrations equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons; Background: Plant sterols, in various forms, have been shown to reduce total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Particularly controversial at present is the effect of the degree of hydrogenation of the plant sterols on cholesterol-lowering efficacy and the responsible mechanisms. Objective: Our goal was to examine the effect of supplementation with unesterified plant sterols and stanols on plasma lipid and phytosterol concentrations and cholesterol absorption, synthesis, and turnover. Design: Fifteen otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic subjects consumed each of 4 dietary treatments in a randomized crossover design. Unesterified sterols and stanols were blended into the butter component of the diet at a dosage of 1.8 g/d. The diets contained plant sterols (NS), plant stanols (SS), a 50:50 mixture of sterols and stanols (NSS), or cornstarch (control). Results: Plasma total cholesterol concentrations were 7.8%, 11.9%, and 13.1% lower (P < 0.01) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. LDL-cholesterol concentrations were 11.3%, 13.4%, and 16.0% lower (P < 0.03) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. Plasma triacylglycerols and HDL-cholesterol concentrations did not differ significantly across diets. Cholesterol absorption efficiency was 56.0%, 34.4%, and 48.9% lower (P < 0.001) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. The fractional synthesis rate was higher by 45.5% (P < 0.003) in the NSS group than in the control group. Plasma campesterol and sitosterol concentrations were higher (P < 0.01) in the NS group and sitosterol concentrations were lower (P < 0.01) in the SS group than in the control group. Conclusion: These data indicate that, in their free unesterified form, sterols and stanols lower plasma LDL cholesterol equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons by suppressing cholesterol absorption.
A comparison of the effects of A1 and A2 β-casein protein variants on blood cholesterol concentrations in New Zealand adults; beta-Casein is a cow's milk protein that occurs predominantly in two forms, A1 and A2. Epidemiological evidence suggests that per capita consumption of beta-casein A1 is associated with national mortality rates from ischaemic heart disease. A biological mechanism was proposed after rabbits fed diets containing beta-casein A2 had lower serum cholesterol concentrations and less aortic intimal thickening than rabbits fed beta-casein A1. We tested whether beta-casein A1 and A2 variants differentially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. In a randomised crossover trial of two four-and-a-half week periods without washout, 62 participants replaced all dairy products in their diet with 500 mL of low-fat milk and 28 g of full-fat cheese that differed in the proportion of beta-casein At and A2 variants. Duplicate blood samples were taken on non-consecutive days at the end of each treatment period from 55 people who completed the study. Mean (S.D.) plasma total, low-density and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were 5.60 (0.77), 3,73 (0.70) and 1.26 (0.34) mmol/L after the At diet and 5.63 (0.81), 3.75 (0.75) and 1.27 (0.37) mmol/L after the A2 diets. We found no evidence that dairy products containing beta-casein At or A2 exerted differential effects (P > 0.05) on plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The impact of probiotic yogurt consumption on lipid profiles in subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background and aims: Potential beneficial effect of probiotic yogurt on the lipid profile has raised much interest. However, the results are inconsistent in this regard. The aim of the study is to determine the effects of probiotic yogurt on serum lipid profile in individuals with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. Methods and results: Online databases including PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Science Direct, Google Scholar and Igaku Chuo Zasshi were searched until March 19th 2019. The effect sizes were expressed as the weighted mean difference (WMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Seven eligible trials with 274 participants were included in this systematic review. Pooling of 9 effect sizes from these seven articles revealed a significant reduction in total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels following probiotic yogurt consumption (mean difference: -8.73 mg/dl, 95% CI: -15.98, -1.48, p-value = 0.018 and mean difference: -10.611 mg/dl, 95% CI: -16.529, -4.693, p-value = 0.000, respectively) without significant heterogeneity among the studies (I-2 = 40.6%, p-value = 0.1 and I-2 = 24.2%, p-value = 0.229, respectively). The results showed no significant changes in high density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels. Also, none of the variables showed a significant change for sensitivity analysis. Conclusion: Available evidence suggests that probiotic yogurt can significantly reduce total cholesterol and LDL-c in subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia without a significant effect on HDL-c and triglyceride levels. (C) 2019 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Plasma Free Fatty Acids and Metabolic Effect in Type 2 Diabetes, an Ancillary Study from a Randomized Clinical Trial; Most nutrition studies looking at the association of food with cardiometabolic markers rely on food frequency questionnaires, which are prone to recall bias. Pentadecanoic acid, heptadecanoic acid and trans-palmitoleic acid are fatty acids that are not synthesized endogenously but are obtained from the diet, particularly dairy, making them reasonable biomarkers of dairy consumption. We investigated the association of dairy fatty acid biomarkers with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes (T2D). In a clinical trial, 111 participants with T2D (age 58.5 +/- 8.9 years, HbA1c 8.09 +/- 0.96%) were randomized into three groups: a control group that maintained baseline dairy intake, a low-fat (LF) group that incorporated >= 3 servings/day of LF dairy and a high-fat (HF) group that incorporated >= 3 servings/day of HF dairy. We compared the fatty acids (FA) composition between the three groups at 24 weeks. Pentadecanoic acid and trans-palmitoleic acid increased in the HF group by 14.1% +/- 5.4% and 17.5% +/- 5.1%, respectively, but not in the control and LF groups (p = 0.0474 and p = 0.0025 for group-by-time interaction, respectively). Those increases were positively associated with changes in total cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol VLDL-C and triglycerides but were not associated with changes in HbA1c from baseline to 24 weeks. These results suggest that the intervention was successful and that participants were likely compliant, which supports the validity of the main trial.
An anti-inflammatory and low fermentable oligo, di, and monosaccharides and polyols diet improved patient reported outcomes in fibromyalgia: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Fibromyalgia (FM) has been associated with dysbiosis and low-grade inflammation. Studies have reported that diet influences clinical features in FM. Objective: To evaluate the effect of an anti-inflammatory and low fermentable oligo, di, and monosaccharides and polyols (FODMAP) diet on clinical outcomes of patients with FM. Methods: This two arms Randomized Controlled Trial (NCT04007705) included 46 female patients with FM. The intervention group (n = 22) adopted an anti-inflammatory diet for 3 months, excluding gluten, dairy, added sugar, and ultra-processed foods, along with a low FODMAPs diet in the first month. The control group (n = 24) followed general healthy eating recommendations. Both diets were applied by a certified dietitian. Before and after the intervention, participants were assessed regarding pain, fatigue, gastrointestinal symptoms, quality of sleep, and quality of life, through the Revised Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQR), Visual Analogue Pain Scale (VAS), Visual Analog Scale from gastrointestinal symptoms (VAS GI), Brief Pain Inventory (BPI), Pittsburg Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Fatigue Severity Survey (FSS), and The Short Form Health Survey (SF-36). A blood sample was collected and high-sensitive C-Reactive Protein and Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate were quantified. Paired Samples t-test/Wilcoxon and independent samples t-test/Mann-Whitney were used to compare variables between groups. Results: After intervention, there was an improvement in intervention group scores of FIQR (p = 0.001), VAS (p = 0.002), BPI (p = 0.011), FSS (p = 0.042), VAS_GI (p = 0.002), PSQI (p = 0.048), and SF36 (p = 0.045) compared to control group. Inflammatory biomarkers (hs-CRP, ESR) did not change in both groups. The intervention was beneficial in the intervention group, regardless of age, disease duration, body mass index variation, and body fat change between baseline and post-intervention. Conclusion: An anti-inflammatory and low-FODMAP diet improved clinical features in patients with FM and may be useful as a complement to pharmacological therapy.
Resveratrol attenuates oxidative stress and prevents steatosis and hypertension in obese rats programmed by early weaning; We hypothesized that resveratrol, a natural phytoalexin found in grapes, can prevent oxidative stress, obesity and its related disturbances in obese rats programmed by early weaning. Lactating Wistar rats were separated into two groups: early weaning (EW) - dams who were wrapped with a bandage to interrupt the lactation in the last 3 days of lactation; control - dams whose pups had free access to milk during all lactation. At the 150th day, EW offspring were randomly subdivided into EW+resveratrol (EW+Res) - resveratrol (30 mg/kg/day); EW+vehicle (EW) - rats that received 0.5% (w/v) aqueous methylcellulose. The control group received vehicle. Rats were treated by gavage daily for 30 days. EW offspring developed hyperphagia, higher body weight, visceral obesity, higher systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (+15% and +20%, respectively; P<.05) and higher serum triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein but lower high-density lipoprotein (+55%, +33% and -13%, respectively; P<.05). Resveratrol normalized food intake, SBP and DBP and prevented obesity and dyslipidemia in EW+Res. EW rats had higher plasma and liver thiobarbituric-acid-reactive substances (TBARS) and lower plasma superoxide dismutase (SOD) and liver glutathione peroxidase activities (+51%, +18%, -58%, -31%, respectively; P<.05), and resveratrol normalized both plasma and liver TBARS and increased the activity of SOD and catalase in plasma. EW rats presented liver steatosis and higher liver TG, and resveratrol prevented these hepatic alterations. In conclusion, this study demonstrated a potential therapeutic use of resveratrol in preventing obesity and oxidative stress and reducing the risk of hypertension, dyslipidemia and steatosis in adult rats programmed by early weaning. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: A randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Controversy exists as to whether the lipid -lowering properties of kefir drink (a fermented probiotic dairy product) in animal models could be replicated in humans. OBJECTIVE: To assess and compare the potential lipid -lowering effects of kefir drink with low -fat milk in a dairy -rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. METHODS: In this 8 -week, single -center, multiarm, parallel -group, outpatient, randomized controlled trial, 75 eligible Iranian women aged 25 to 45 years were randomly allocated to kefir, milk, or control groups. Women in the control group received a weight -maintenance diet containing 2 servings/d of low -fat dairy products, whereas subjects in the milk and kefir groups received a similar diet containing 2 additional servings/d (a total of 4 servings/d) of dairy products from low -fat milk or kefir drink, respectively. At baseline and study end point, serum levels/ratios of total cholesterol (TC), low-and high -density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC and HDLC), triglyceride, Non-HDLC, TC/ HDLC, LDLC/HDLC, and triglyceride/LDLC were measured as outcome measures. RESULTS: After 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir group had significantly lower serum levels/ratios of lipoproteins than those in the control group (mean between -group differences were 10.4 mg/dL, -9.7 mg/dL, -11.5 mg/dL, -0.4, and -0.3 for TC, LDLC, non-HDLC, TC/HDLC, and LDLC/ HDLC, respectively; all P <.05). Similar results were observed in the milk group. However, no such significant differences were found between the kefir and milk groups. CONCLUSION: Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. (C) 2016 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Does adult calcium intake influence body composition? A review; Purpose - Emerging evidence indicates that there may be a link between calcium intake and body composition. However, few review papers to date appear to collate this information. This paper aims to fill this gap. Design/methodology/approach - All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and large observational studies published between 1998 and 2009 were identified using Medline scientific database. Studies had a minimum duration of 30 days and included all sources of calcium (dairy and supplemental). Findings - Twenty-one studies were identified; including 14 RCTs and seven large observational studies. Twelve studies (seven of the RCTs) reported that regular consumption of dietary or dairy calcium may reduce fat mass in adults. Nine studies (seven of the RCTs) found no association between calcium intake and body composition. Two studies reported that fat loss was augmented when a calcium-rich diet was combined with energy restriction. Overall, results from reviewed studies yield conflicting findings. Further intervention studies are needed to "separate out'' the effects of habitual, supplemental and dairy calcium. More studies also need to investigate the combined effects of a calcium-rich diet and energy restriction. Only then can calcium-rich diets be used alongside conventional treatments for obesity. Originality/value - This paper gives a concise, up-to-date review of literature investigating the link between calcium intake and adult body composition.
EFFECTS OF CONTINUOUS COMBINED HORMONE-REPLACEMENT THERAPY ON LIPID-LEVELS IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC POSTMENOPAUSAL WOMEN; PURPOSE: To test the lipid-lowering effects of continuous combined hormone-replacement therapy in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 32 postmenopausal women identified through health fair and cholesterol screening records, whose ad libitum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol level (mean of 2 measurements) was >130 mg/dL, and whose fasting triglycerides were <250 mg/dL, participated in a placebo-controlled, nonrandomized trial testing the lipid-lowering effect of continuous combined hormone-replacement therapy. Women with a history of uterine fibroids, thrombophlebitis, family or personal history of breast cancer, or recent hormone use were excluded. After a 1-month period to standardize baseline dietary intake (Hi-Sat), patients were taught a cholesterol-lowering, Step-One diet, which they followed for the remainder of the study. After 3 months, patients supplemented the Step-One diet with dairy placebo tablets for 3 months, followed by supplementation with conjugated estrogens 0.625 mg/d plus medroxyprogesterone 2.5 mg/d for 3 months. The means of five fasting lipid and lipoprotein values at the end of each 3-month supplementation period were compared. RESULTS: Total cholesterol fell from 261 mg/dL to 250 mg/dL to 233 mg/dL, with LDL reduction from 181 mg/dL to 173 mg/dL to 150 mg/dL, on diet and diet plus continuous combined hormone-replacement therapy, respectively (all P <0.05). Whereas 26 of the 32 women had LDL values above 160 mg/dL during the Hi-Sat diet, only 10 of the 32 women remained with LDL values in this range during Step-One diet plus hormone therapy. Besides improving LDL cholesterol levels, continuous combined hormone-replacement therapy was associated with an increase in high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels from 51 mg/dL to 54 mg/dL (P <0.05). The 2 women whose HDL cholesterol levels were <35 mg/dL during the Step-One diet plus placebo achieved HDL cholesterol levers >35 mg/dL during hormone therapy. Nevertheless, continuous combined hormone-replacement therapy was associated with a high frequency of side effects, including breast tenderness and uterine bleeding. Most bothersome side effects dissipated after an initial adjustment period. CONCLUSIONS: Continuous combined hormone-replacement therapy can produce significant and therapeutic reductions in LDL cholesterol levels in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women. After internists become familiar with the expected side effects and their time course, this regimen may provide an effective approach in the management of hypercholesterolemia in postmenopausal women who have not undergone hysterectomy.
Role of a prudent breakfast in improving cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: It is unclear whether advising a prudent breakfast alone is sufficient to improve blood lipids and cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight hypercholesterolemic" subjects. The aim of this study was to investigate whether a prudent low-fat breakfast (PB) rich in dietary fiber lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and other cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with elevated LDL-cholesterol levels. Methods: In a parallel, controlled, 12-week study, 79 healthy overweight subjects (all regular breakfast eaters) were randomly allocated to a group that received a PB based on Nordic foods provided ad libitum or a control group that consumed their usual breakfast. The primary outcome was plasma LDL-C. Secondary outcomes were other blood lipids, body weight, sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD), glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and inflammation markers (C-reactive protein [CRP] and tumor necrosis factor receptor-2 [TNF-R2]), and blood pressure. The PB was in accordance with national and Nordic nutrition recommendations and included oat bran porridge with low-fat milk or yogurt, bilberry or lingonberry jam, whole grain bread, low-fat spread, poultry or fatty fish, and fruit. Results: No differences were found in LDL-C, other blood lipids, body weight, or glucose metabolism, but SAD, plasma CRP, and TNF-R2 decreased more during PB compared with controls (p < 0.05). In the overall diet, PB increased dietary fiber and beta-glucan compared with controls (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Advising a prudent breakfast for 3 months did not influence blood lipids, body weight, or glucose metabolism but reduced markers of visceral fat and inflammation. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism.
Consumption of regular-fat vs reduced-fat cheese reveals gender-specific changes in LDL particle size - a randomized controlled trial; Background: Regular-fat cheese does not seem to increase low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations compared to reduced-fat cheese. However, plasma LDL-C concentrations do not reflect levels and size of LDL particles, which might be a better predictor of cardiovascular risk Methods: The aim was to compare the effects of regular-fat cheese vs reduced-fat cheese and carbohydrate-rich foods on LDL particle size distribution in adults with >= 2 metabolic syndrome (MetS) risk factors. The study was part of a 12 weeks' randomized controlled trial in which subjects had been randomly allocated to 1 of 3 intervention groups; regular-fat cheese (REG), reduced-fat cheese (RED) or a no-cheese/carbohydrate (CHO) group. Subjects in the REG and RED groups consumed 80 g cheese/d per 10 MJ, whereas subjects in the CHO consumed bread and jam corresponding to 90 g/d and 25 g/d per 10 MJ, respectively. Fasting blood samples at wk 0 (baseline) and wk 12 were analyzed for LDL particle size distribution and cholesterol content using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Results: A total of 85 subjects [mean +/- SD age: 54.0 +/- 12.8 y; BMI: 28.7 +/- 3.6 kg/m(2)] completed the study. Overall, regular-fat cheese did not impact lipoprotein particle number and size differently than reduced-fat cheese. In men (n = 23), the REG diet decreased total LDL particle number (LDL-P, - 2232 +/- 91.1 nmol/l, P = 0.01) compared with the RED diet The reduction was primarily in the medium-sized LDL fraction (- 128.5 +/- 51.8 nmol/l, P= 0.01). In women (n = 62), the REG diet increased the concentration of cholesterol in the small high density lipoprotein (HDL) particles compared with the CHO diet (2.9 +/- 1.0 mg/dl, P= 0.006). Conclusion: Overall, regular-fat cheese did not alter LDL particle size distribution compared to reduced-fat cheese after a 12 wk intervention in subjects with >= 2 MetS risk factors. However, our results suggest that lipoprotein response to cheese intake is gender-specific. This warrants further investigation.
Effect of probiotic-fermented, genetically modified soy milk on hypercholesterolemia in hamsters; Background/Purpose: The rapid progress of biotechnology and molecular biology has led to genetically modified (GM) crops becoming a part of agricultural production. There are concerns that the issues of the functional ingredients in GM products have not been addressed, such as the bioactivities of soy proteins and isoflavones. This study aimed to investigate the effects of probiotic-fermented GM soy milk on hypercholesterolemia, and atherosclerotic risks in hamsters. Methods: One hundred and twelve male Golden Syrian hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus) were randomly assigned into 14 groups of 8 animals each. Normal- and high-cholesterol experimental diets were supplemented with GM or non-GM soy milk with or without probiotic-fermentation for 8 weeks. Serum and fecal lipid levels were measured. Moreover, aortic plaque in artery were stained, and thiobarbituric acid reactive substance content, super oxide dismutase activity and caralase activity were determined. Results: GM or non-GM soy milk with or without probiotic-fermentation significantly decreased (p < 0.05) serum TC levels, compared with a high-cholesterol diet group. TC levels in hamsters fed GM soy milk were not significantly different from TC levels in the non-GM soy milk group (p > 0.05). GM soy milk groups can reduce risk of developing atherosclerosis through lowered oxidative stress and reduced atherosclerotic plaque formation in the aorta, and are thus at least equivalent to non-GM soy milk. Conclusion: GM soy milk with or without probiotic-fermentation can improve hypercholesterolemia and reduce the risk of atherosclerosis, and is considered substantially equivalent to non-GM soy milk in terms of these bioactive functions. Copyright (C) 2012, Taiwan Society of Microbiology. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. All rights reserved.
Effect on lipoprotein profile of replacing butter with margarine in a low fat diet: Randomised crossover study with hypercholesterolaemic subjects; Objective-To examine the effect on lipid and lipoprotein concentrations when butter or an unsaturated margarine is used for cooking or spreading in a reduced fat diet. Design-Randomised crossover study with two intervention periods of six weeks' duration separated by a five week washout. Setting-Community setting in New Zealand. Subjects-49 volunteers with polygenic hypercholesterolaemia and baseline total cholesterol concentration in the range 5.5-7.9 mmol/l. Main outcome measures-Concentrations of total and low density lipoprotein, Lp(a) lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, apolipoprotein B 100, and apolipoprotein A I. Results-Concentrations of low density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B were about 10% lower with margarine than with butter. Lp(a) lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were similar with the two diets. Conclusion-Despite concerns about adverse effects on lipoproteins of trans fatty acids in margarines, the use of unsaturated margarine rather than butter by hypercholesterolaemic people is associated with a lipoprotein profile that would be expected to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Time-dependent sensitization of heart rate and blood pressure over multiple laboratory sessions in elderly individuals with chemical odor intolerance; In this study, We tested he hypothesis that low-level chemical odor intolerance (i.e., ''casasmia'') is a manifestation of heightened sensitizability to environmental stimuli. We examined supine heart cat and blood pressure of elderly individuals, Who were classified as either having a higher degree of chemical odor intolerance (n = 12) or a lower degree of chemical odor intolerance (n = 13), upon awakening in a sleep research laboratory on 6 different days during an 8-wk protocol. During the 2 initial wk, they consumed a customary baseline diet (including ad Iib milk and other dairy products), followed by 3 wk each of nondairy-containing and dairy-containing diets in randomly assigned, counterbalanced order, Measurements were made on 3 pairs of successive days, distributed over a 6-wk period, and on which different diets were consumed. The high-intolerance group had significantly higher mean supine systolic and diastolic blood pressures than did the low-intolerance group. Although subjects consumed milk products during both the initial baseline and subsequent daily diet periods, the high-intolerance group had significantly higher heart gates and diastolic blood pressures later in the study than at baseline, especially when they were an the dairy diet. In contrast, the cardiovascular measures of the low-intolerance group lowered are average with time. The high-intolerance subjects had an increased mean diastolic blood pressure on the second days versus the first days in the laboratory (averaged across all diets). Collectively, the data suggest that elderly individuals with a high degree of chemical odor Intolerance evidence (a) increased sympathetic tone in the cardiovascular system at rest over multiple measurements; and (,) greater sensitizability and/or lesser habituation of heart rate and diastolic blood pressure over time as a function, in part, of repeated environmental stressor exposures (i.e., a novel laboratory contextual setting and/or specific dietary constituents). Consistent with a sensitization model, the findings emphasize the need for two, or more identical sessions at lease 24 h apart in physiological studies of individuals with a a high degree of intolerance for chemical odors versus normal individuals. The results of the blood pressure observations suggest that the possibility of abnormally labile autonomic function and cognitive sequelae in individuals with a high degree of intolerance for chemical older increases with age.
Impact of colonic fermentation on sterols after the intake of a plant sterol-enriched beverage: A randomized, double-blind crossover trial; Background: Cholesterol microbial transformation has been widely studied using in vitro fermentation assays, but less information is available on the biotransformation of plant sterols (PS). The excretion percentage of animal sterols (AS) (67-73%) is considerably greater than that of PS (27 -33%) in feces from healthy humans following a Western diet. However, a lower content of AS in feces from subjects following a vegetarian, vegan or low-fat animal diet has been seen when compared to omnivorous subjects. Although only one human study has reported fecal sterol excretion after the consumption of PS-enriched food (8.6 g PS/day), it was found that the target group showed an increase in the excretion of cholesterol and a 57% decrease in its metabolites compared to the control group. Objective: Evaluation of the impact of a PS-enriched milk based fruit beverage intake on fecal sterol excretion and the microbial conversion of sterols in postmenopausal women with mild hypercholesterolemia. Methods: Forty postmenopausal women participated in a randomized, double-blind, crossover study with two beverages, with a PS-enriched (2 g PS/day) or without. The women were divided in two groups: 20 women consumed the PS-enriched beverage and the other 20 women consumed a placebo (without PS) beverage for 6 weeks. After a four-week washout period, the type of beverage was exchanged and consumed for another 6 weeks. Feces were collected at the start (0 and 10 weeks) and end of each intervention period (6 and 16 weeks), and fecal sterols were determined by capillary gas chromatography with mass spectrometry. Results: The intake of the PS-enriched beverage modified the fecal sterol excretion profile. A significant increase mainly in PS and their metabolites versus the placebo intervention period was observed. Although the same effect was not observed in the case of AS, a tendency towards increased cholesterol and decreased coprostanol (the main metabolite of cholesterol) was recorded after PS-enriched beverage intake versus placebo. Furthermore, the PS-enriched beverage also modified the microbial conversion of sterols. In this context, an important decrease in the conversion percentage of cholesterol in 16 women (between 11% and 50%) and of sitosterol in 24 women (between 15% and 61%) was observed. Conclusions: The results obtained suggest that the microbiota could preferably use PS as a substrate, when present in a greater proportion compared with cholesterol. Besides, a lower sitosterol and cholesterol conversion trend would mean that intake of the PS-enriched beverage could modulate the metabolic activity of the gut microbiota. Therefore, further studies on the impact of PS-enriched foods upon gut microbiota modulation are needed. Clinical Trial Registry Number: NCT 02065024 listed on the NIH website: ClinicalTrials.gov.
Milk minerals modify the effect of fat intake on serum lipid profile: results from an animal and a human short-term study; Despite a high content of saturated fat, evidence from observational studies indicates that the consumption of dairy products may have a neutral effect or may be inversely associated with the risk of CVD. We aimed to examine whether milk minerals modify the effect of saturated fat on serum lipid profile. We present data from two studies. Study I had a randomised, blinded, parallel design (n 24 pigs) with a 10d adaptation period during which a high-fat diet was fed to the pigs and a 14d intervention period during which the same diet either enriched with milk minerals (MM group) or placebo (control group) was fed to the pigs. Study II had a randomised cross-over design (n 9 men) where the subjects were fed either a high-fat diet enriched with milk minerals (MM period) or a regular diet (control period). In both the studies, blood variables were measured before and after the intervention and faecal and urine samples were collected at the end of the dietary periods. The increase in plasma total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations but not in HDL-cholesterol concentration was markedly lowered by milk minerals in both the studies. In the animal study, baseline adjusted total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in the MM group were 11% (P=0 center dot 004) and 13% (P=0 center dot 03) lower compared with those in the control group after the intervention. Similarly in the human study, baseline adjusted total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were 6% (P=0 center dot 002) and 9% (P=0 center dot 03) lower after the MM period compared with those in the control period. HDL-cholesterol concentration was not lowered by milk minerals. These short-term studies indicate that the addition of milk minerals to a high-fat diet to some extent attenuates the increase in total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations, without affecting HDL-cholesterol concentration.
Effect of dietary extruded linseed, verbascoside and vitamin E supplements on yield and quality of milk in Lacaune ewes; Milk yield and milk qualitative parameters were evaluated in Lacaune ewes on a diet supplemented with extruded linseed, verbascoside and vitamin E. A 98 d-trial was conducted on 44 ewes and started 40 +/- 2 d post partum. The animals were divided into four homogeneous groups of eleven animals each; one control group (CON) without extruded linseed and dietary supplements, and the diet of the other three experimental groups was enhanced with extruded linseed (L group), extruded linseed-verbascoside (LVB group), and extruded linseed-verbascoside-vitamin E (LVBE group). All animals individually received an isoenergetic diet, consisting of 700 g concentrated feed and meadow hay ad libitum. Body weight, body condition score, milk yield and milk qualitative parameters were assessed. LVB and LVBE groups resulted in a significant improvement (P<0.05) in milk yield due to the verbascoside supplementation. The extruded linseed supplementation L, LVB and LVBE groups produced a milk fat increase and a better milk fatty acid profile in terms of a higher monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) content and a reduced saturated fatty acid (SFA) content, a lower n-6/n-3 ratio and atherogenic and thrombogenic index. The dietary verbascoside supplementation in the LVB and LVBE group resulted in a better milk quality due to the low cholesterol level and higher vitamin A and E contents, in addition to an increased oxidative stability highlighted by the lower thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) level. Thus, the addition of extruded linseed and verbascoside supplements improved milk yield and quality both from a chemical and nutritive point of view.
A genetic variant of PPARA modulates cardiovascular risk biomarkers after milk consumption; Objective: The association of dairy food consumption with the risk for developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been investigated in many studies, but results often have been contradictory. The aim of the present study was to determine whether genetic polymorphisms are associated with interindividual variation in the response of CVD risk biomarker values after milk consumption. Methods: Fourteen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in nine genes related to lipid metabolism were examined in 161 volunteers randomly allocated to consume either 500 mL/d of skimmed (S) or semi-skimmed (SS) milk for 1 year in addition to their usual diets. Total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC/HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein/HDL-C ratios were used as biomarkers of CVD risk. Three-way repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to examine the effect of time, treatment (S or SS), and genotype on these biomarkers. Results: A TT genotype for the proliferator-activated receptor alpha polymorphism (PPARA rs135549 SNP) was significantly associated with a reduction in the TC/HDL and LDL/HDL ratios after 12 mo of S milk intake (mean reduction -0.29, 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.63 to 0.05; P = 0.0015 and -0.31, 95% CI, -0.58 to 0.03; P = 0.0005, respectively). However, no differences were observed after consuming either S or SS milk in the C allele carriers. Conclusions: Saturated fatty acid consumption has long been linked to an increased risk for CVD; indeed, the consumption of saturated fat-free products is recommended as a means of reducing this risk. However, the present results suggest that many individuals might not benefit from such general recommendations. Genetic analysis of PPARA rs135549 might help identify those individuals who are more likely to benefit from reducing the saturated fatty acid content of their diet. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Full-Fat and Fermented Dairy Products on Cardiometabolic Disease: Food Is More Than the Sum of Its Parts; Current dietary recommendations to limit consumption of saturated fat are largely based on early nutrition studies demonstrating a direct link between dietary saturated fat, elevated blood cholesterol levels, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. As full-fat dairy products are rich in saturated fat, these dietary guidelines recommend consumption of fat-free or low-fat dairy products in place of full-fat dairy. However, dairy products vary greatly in both their nutrient content and their bioactive ingredients, and research increasingly highlights the importance of focusing on whole foods (i.e., the food matrix) as opposed to single nutrients, such as saturated fat. In fact, the weight of evidence from recent large and well-controlled studies, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses of both observational studies and randomized controlled trials indicates that full-fat dairy products, particularly yogurt and cheese, do not exert the detrimental effects on insulin sensitivity, blood lipid profile, and blood pressure as previously predicted on the basis of their sodium and saturated fat contents; they do not increase cardiometabolic disease risk and may in fact protect against cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Although more research is warranted to adjust for possible confounding factors and to better understand the mechanisms of action of dairy products on health outcomes, it becomes increasingly clear that the recommendation to restrict dietary saturated fat to reduce risk of cardiometabolic disease is getting outdated. Therefore, the suggestion to restrict or eliminate full-fat dairy from the diet may not be the optimal strategy for reducing cardiometabolic disease risk and should be re-evaluated in light of recent evidence.
Effects of n-6 PUFAs compared with SFAs on liver fat, lipoproteins, and inflammation in abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Replacing SFAs with vegetable PUFAs has cardiometabolic benefits, but the effects on liver fat are unknown. Increased dietary n-6 PUFAs have, however, also been proposed to promote inflammation-a yet unproven theory. Objective: We investigated the effects of PUFAs on liver fat, systemic inflammation, and metabolic disorders. Design: We randomly assigned 67 abdominally obese subjects (15% had type 2 diabetes) to a 10-wk isocaloric diet high in vegetable n-6 PUFA (PUFA diet) or SFA mainly from butter (SFA diet), without altering the macronutrient intake. Liver fat was assessed by MRI and magnetic resonance proton (1H) spectroscopy (MRS). Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type-9 (PCSK9, a hepatic LDL-receptor regulator), inflammation, and adipose tissue expression of inflammatory and lipoeenic genes were determined. Results: A total of 61 subjects completed the study. Body weight modestly increased but was not different between groups. Liver fat was lower during the PUFA diet than during the SFA diet [between-group difference in relative change from baseline; 16% (MRI; P < 0.001), 34% (MRS; P = 0.02)]. PCSK9 (P = 0.001), TNF receptor-2 (P < 0.01), and IL-1 receptor antagonist (P = 0.02) concentrations were lower during the PUFA diet, whereas insulin (P = 0.06) tended to be higher during the SFA diet. In compliant subjects (defined as change in serum linoleic acid), insulin, total/HDL-cholesterol ratio, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides were lower during the PUFA diet than during the SFA diet (P < 0.05). Adipose tissue gene expression was unchanged. Conclusions: Compared with SFA intake, n-6 PUFAs reduce liver fat and modestly improve metabolic status, without weight loss. A high n-6 PUFA intake does not cause any signs of inflammation or oxidative stress. Downregulation of PCSK9 could be a novel mechanism behind the cholesterol-lowering effects of PUFAs. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01038102. Am J Clin Nutr 2012;95:1003-12.
Fat from dairy foods and 'meat' consumed within recommended levels is associated with favourable serum cholesterol levels in institutionalised older adults; CVD is common in older adults. Consumption of 'meat' (beef, pork, lamb, game, poultry, seafood, eggs) and dairy foods (milk, cheese, yoghurt) is encouraged in older adults as these foods provide protein and nutrients such as essential fatty acids, Ca, Fe, Zn and vitamins A, D and B-12 required for healthy ageing. However, these foods also contain saturated fats considered detrimental to cardiovascular health. To determine the effect of their consumption on CVD risk we assessed associations between fat intake from 'meat' and dairy foods and serum cholesterol levels in 226 aged-care residents (mean age 85 center dot 5 years, 70 % female). Dietary intake was determined over 2 d using visual estimation of plate waste. Fat content of foods was determined using nutrition analysis software (Xyris, Australia). Fasting serum total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol were measured, and the TC:HDL-cholesterol ratio calculated. Associations were determined using random-effect models adjusted for CVD risk factors using STATA/IC 13.0. Total fat and saturated fat from 'meat' and dairy foods were associated with higher serum HDL-cholesterol levels, and dairy fat intake and number of servings were associated with a lower TC:HDL-cholesterol ratio. Every 10 g higher intake of fat and saturated fat from dairy products, and each additional serving was associated with a -0 center dot 375 (95 % CI -0 center dot 574, -0 center dot 175; P = 0 center dot 0002), a -0 center dot 525 (95 % CI -0 center dot 834, -0 center dot 213; P = 0 center dot 001) and a -0 center dot 245 (95 % CI -0 center dot 458, -0 center dot 033; P = 0 center dot 024) lower TC:HDL-cholesterol ratio, respectively. Provision of dairy foods and 'meat' in recommended amounts to institutionalised older adults potentially improves intakes of key nutrients with limited detriment to cardiovascular health.
Atkins and other low-carbohydrate diets: hoax or an effective tool for weight loss?; Context The Atkins diet books have sold more than 45 million copies over 40 years, and in the obesity epidemic this diet and accompanying Atkins food products are popular. The diet claims to be effective at producing weight loss despite ad-libitum consumption of fatty meat, butter, and other high-fat dairy products, restricting only the intake of carbohydrates to under 30 g a day. Low-carbohydrate diets have been regarded as fad diets, but recent research questions this view. Starting point A systematic review of low-carbohydrate diets found that the weight loss achieved is associated with the duration of the diet and restriction of energy intake, but not with restriction of carbohydrates. Two groups have reported longer-term randomised studies that compared instruction in the low-carbohydrate diet with a low-fat calorie-reduced diet in obese patients (N Engl J Med 2003; 348: 2082-90; Ann Intern Med 2004; 140: 778-85). Both trials showed better weight loss on the low-carbohydrate diet after 6 months, but no difference after 12 months. Where next? The apparent paradox that ad-libitum intake of high-fat foods produces weight loss might be due to severe restriction of carbohydrate depleting glycogen stores, leading to excretion of bound water, the ketogenic nature of the diet being appetite suppressing, the high protein-content being highly satiating and reducing spontaneous food intake, or limited food choices leading to decreased energy intake. Long-term studies are needed to measure changes in nutritional status and body composition during the low-carbohydrate diet, and to assess fasting and postprandial cardiovascular risk factors and adverse effects. Without that information, low-carbohydrate diets cannot be recommended.
The effect of probiotics on serum lipid levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Introduction: probiotics might have a potential effect to manage serum lipid levels as nutraceuticals. Objective: this systematic review was conducted to explore whether probiotics have an efficient result in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia. Methods: PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Web of Science were searched for randomized controlled trials (from their commencement to January 2021). This meta-analysis was performed by Review Manager 5.3 and STATA 15.1. Changes in serum lipid levels after the intervention were used to evaluate the effect of the probiotics, which were expressed as the weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95 % confidence interval (CI). Results: a total of 16 studies, which could be regarded as 21 independent trials with 1429 participants, were included in this meta-analysis following our inclusion criteria. It could be observed that probiotics could significantly lower total cholesterol (TC) (WMD: -0.34 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.45 to -0.23 mmol/L; p < 0.001, I2 = 73.9 %) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (WMD: -0.26 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.36 to -0.17 mmol/L; p < 0.001, I2 = 79.0 %) levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia, while no significant effect between the probiotic intervention and control groups was observed on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (WMD: 0.00 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.02 to 0.02 mmol/L; p = 0.001, I2 = 56.6 %) and triglyceride (TG) (WMD: -0.08 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.18 to 0.01 mmol/L; p = 0.003, I2 = 52.4 %) levels. Conclusion: this systematic review showed that probiotics may provide a promising way to reduce serum lipid levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia, but their specific effect still needs more clinical experiments to be proven.
The effect of soy protein with or without isoflavones relative to milk protein on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women; Background: Clinical trial data and the results of a meta-analysis suggest a hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein. The effect may be partially attributable to the isoflavones in soy. Few studies have examined the separate effects of soy protein and isoflavones. Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein and isoflavones on plasma lipid concentrations in postmenopausal, moderately hypercholesterolemic women. Design: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial with 3 treatment groups. After a 4-wk run-in phase during which the women consumed a milk protein supplement, the subjects were randomly assigned to 12 wk of dietary protein supplementation (42 g/d) with either a milk protein (Milk group) or 1 of 2 soy proteins containing either trace amounts of isoflavones (Soy- group) or 80 mg aglycone isoflavones (Soy+ group). Results: LDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased more in the Soy+ group (n = 31) than in the Soy- group (n = 33) (0.38 compared with 0.09 mmol/L; P = 0.005), but neither of these changes was significantly different from the 0.26-mmol/L decrease observed in the Milk group (n = 30). The results for total cholesterol were similar to those for LDL cholesterol. There were no significant differences in HDL-cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations between the 3 groups. Conclusions: The difference in total- and LDL-cholesterol lowering between the 2 soy-protein supplements suggests an effect attributable to the isoflavone-containing fraction. However, the unexpected LDL-cholesterol lowering observed in the Milk group, and the fact that there was no significant difference between either soy group and the Milk group, suggests that changes may have been due to other factors related to participation in the study.
Supplementation with dairy calcium and/or flaxseed fibers in conjunction with orlistat augments fecal fat excretion without altering ratings of gastrointestinal comfort; Background: Orlistat is a lipase inhibitor which reduced absorption of dietary fat by similar to 30% thereby inducing a weight loss; however, side effects occur as a consequence of increased colonic fat content. To test the hypothesis that most gastrointestinal side events induced by treatment with orlistat could be prevented/ameliorated by concomitant use of natural dietary components, flaxseed fiber (Gamma Gamma) and/or dairy calcium (Ca), binding liquid fats to more solid complexes. Methods: A randomized controlled dietary intervention study. Thirty- eight obese adults completed a 1-week run-in period, where all participants were treated with orlistat (60 mg t. i. d) and were hereafter randomized to 12 weeks dietary supplementation with/without 5 g FF (FF+/FF-) and/or 1200 mg dairy calcium (Ca+/Ca-) in conjunction with orlistat. All feces were collected for 3 days, and diet was recorded for 5 days, during run- in and week 4. The primary end-point, gastrointestinal symptoms, was assessed biweekly. At baseline and after 12 weeks, cardiometabolic risk markers and anthropometrics were evaluated as secondary end-points. Results: Both FF and Ca increased fecal fat excretion (P = 0.02 and P = 0.04, respectively). Although fecal fat excretion increased by similar to 100% in the FF+/Ca + group, and only by similar to 12% in the FF-/Ca+group, no interaction between FF and Ca was present, suggesting an additive effect. The fecal fat excretion was similar to 10 g/ d higher with FF and Ca (similar to 25 g/ d) compared to fecal fat excretion with orlistat alone (similar to 15 g/ d). Mean ratings of severity of diarrhea tended to increase with Ca (P = 0.03) but not with FF. No other gastrointestinal symptoms, or a composite score of symptoms, were affected by the dietary supplements. Body weight was reduced in all groups but did not differ between groups, whereas waist circumference was most reduced in the FF+/Ca + group. No effects of dietary supplements on cardiometabolic risk factors were observed, except a slight increase in diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.03) with FF, but not Ca. Conclusions: Our results do not support an improvement in orlistat- induced gastrointestinal side effects by concomitant use of FF and Ca. However, fecal fat excretion was increased with both FF and Ca in the absence of a worsening of symptoms, warranting further studies powered to detect potential additive weight loss effects.
Effects of <i>cis</i>-9,<i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid supplementation on insulin sensitivity, lipid peroxidation, and proinflammatory markers in obese men; Background: We recently showed that trans-10,cis-12 (t10,c12) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) causes insulin resistance in obese men. However, metabolic effects of the c9,t11 CLA isomer are still unknown in obese men. Because c9,t11 CLA is the predominant CLA isomer in foods and is included in dietary weight-loss products, it is important to conduct randomized controlled studies that use c9,t11 CLA preparations. Objective: We investigated the effects of c9,t11 CLA supplementation on insulin sensitivity, body composition, and lipid peroxidation in a group at high risk for cardiovascular disease. Design: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 25 abdominally obese men received 3 g c9,t11 CLA/d or placebo (olive oil). Before and after 3 mo of supplementation, we assessed insulin sensitivity (hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp), lipid metabolism. body composition, and urinary 8-iso-prostaglandin F-2alpha (a major F-2-isoprostane) and 15-keto-dihydro-prostaglandin F-2alpha, markers of in vivo oxidative stress and inflammation, respectively. Results: All subjects completed the study. Compared with placebo, c9,t11 CLA decreased insulin sensitivity by 15% (P < 0.05) and increased 8-iso-prostagiandin F-2alpha and 15-keto-dihydroprostaglandin F-2alpha excretion by 50% (P < 0.01) and 15% (P < 0.05), respectively. The decreased insulin sensitivity was independent of changes in serum lipids, glycemia, body mass index, and body fat but was abolished after adjustment for changes in 8-iso-prostaglandin F2, concentrations. There were no differences between groups in body composition. Conclusions: A CLA preparation containing the purified c9,t1 I CLA isomer increased insulin resistance and lipid peroxidation compared with placebo in obese men. Because c9,t1 I CLA occurs in commercial supplements as well as in the diet, the present results should be confirmed in larger studies that also include women.
Effect of soy and milk protein supplementation on serum lipid levels: a randomized controlled trial; Background/Objective: Previous clinical trials have documented that soy protein reduces low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and increases high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol compared with milk protein. However, the effect of soy protein on lipids compared with carbohydrate has not been not well studied. We examined the effect of soy and milk protein supplementation on lipids and lipoproteins compared with carbohydrate among adults without hypercholesterolemia. Subjects/Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, 3-phase crossover trial among 352 US adults with serum total cholesterol level of <240 mg/dl from September 2003 to April 2008. Trial participants were assigned to 40 g/day supplementation of soy protein, milk protein or complex carbohydrate from wheat each for 8 weeks in random order with a 3-week washout period between interventions. Overnight fasting blood samples were collected at the termination of each intervention phase. Results: Compared with carbohydrate, soy protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% confidence interval (CI)) in total cholesterol and total/HDL cholesterol ratio of -3.97 mg/dl (-7.63 to -0.31, P = 0.03) and -0.12 (-0.23 to -0.01, P = 0.03), respectively. Compared with milk protein, soy protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% CI) in HDL and total/HDL cholesterol ratio of 1.54 mg/dl (0.63 to 2.44, P = 0.0009) and -0.14 (-0.22 to -0.05, P = 0.001), respectively. Compared with carbohydrate, milk protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% CI) in HDL of -1.13 mg/dl (-2.05 to -0.22, P - 0.02). Conclusions: This randomized controlled trial indicates that soy protein, but not milk protein, supplementation improves the lipid profile among healthy individuals. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2012) 66, 419-425; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2011.168; published online 28 September 2011
Effects of different forms of dietary hydrogenated fats on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels; Background Metabolic studies suggest that fatty acids containing at least one double bond in the trans configuration, which are found in hydrogenated fat, have a detrimental effect on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels as compared with unsaturated fatty acids containing double bonds only in the cis configuration. We compared the effects of diets with a broad range of trans fatty acids on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Methods Eighteen women and 18 men consumed each of six diets in random order for 35-day periods. The foods were identical in each diet, and each diet provided 30 percent of calories as fat, with two thirds of the fat contributed as soybean oil (<0.5 g of trans fatty acid per 100 g of fat), semiliquid margarine (<0.5 g per 100 g), soft margarine (7.4 g per 100 g), shortening (9.9 g per 100 g), or stick margarine (20.1 g per 100 g). The effects of those diets on serum lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, and apolipoprotein levels were compared with those of a diet enriched with butter, which has a high content of saturated fat. Results The mean (+/-SD) serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol level was 177+/-32 mg per deciliter (4.58+/-0.85 mmol per liter) and the mean high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level was 45+/-10 mg per deciliter (1.2+/-0.26 mmol per liter) after subjects consumed the butter-enriched diet. The LDL cholesterol level was reduced on average by 12 percent, 11 percent, 9 percent, 7 percent, and 5 percent, respectively, after subjects consumed the diets enriched with soybean oil, semiliquid margarine, soft margarine, shortening, and stick margarine; the HDL cholesterol level was reduced by 3 percent, 4 percent, 4 percent, 4 percent, and 6 percent, respectively. Ratios of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol were lowest after the consumption of the soybean-oil diet and semiliquid-margarine diet and highest after the stick-margarine diet. Conclusions Our findings indicate that the consumption of products that are low in trans fatty acids and saturated fat has beneficial effects on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels. (N Engl J Med 1999;340: 1933-40.) (C) 1999, Massachusetts Medical Society.
Effects of dry period length and dietary energy source on inflammatory biomarkers and oxidative stress in dairy cows; Negative energy balance in dairy cows in early lactation has been associated with increased inflammation and oxidative stress in these cows. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of dry period (DP) length and dietary energy source on inflammatory biomarkers and oxidative stress in dairy cows. Holstein-Friesian dairy cows (60 primiparous and 107 multiparous) were assigned randomly to a 3 x 2 factorial design with 3 DP length (0, 30, or 60 d) and 2 early lactation rations (glucogenic or lipogenic). Cows were fed a glucogenic or lipogenic ration from 10 d before the expected calving date. Blood was collected in wk -3, -2, -1, 1, 2, and 4 relative to calving. Dry period length affected inflammatory biomarkers and oxidative stress, especially in wk 1 and 2 after calving. Cows with a 0-d DP had higher levels of ceruloplasmin, cholesterol, and reactive oxygen metabolites, and they tended to have higher haptoglobin levels compared with cows with a 30- or 60-d DP. Cows with a 0-d DP had a lower plasma paraoxonase and bilirubin in the first 2 wk after calving and a lower liver functionality index compared with cows with a 60-d DP. Cows of parity >3 fed a glucogenic ration had higher cholesterol levels compared with cows of parity >3 fed a lipogenic ration. No interaction between DP length and ration was present for inflammatory biomarkers or oxidative stress variables. Plasma bilirubin levels for cows with a 0-d DP were negatively related to energy balance and metabolic status in these cows. Moreover, occurrence of clinical health problems (fever, mastitis, metritis, and retained placenta) was 41, 27, and 30% for cows with 0-, 30-, and 60-d DP, respectively. High levels of ceruloplasmin, cholesterol, and reactive oxygen metabolites in cows with 0-d DP were related to the occurrence of health problems in these cows. In conclusion, omitting the DP increased levels of ceruloplasmin, cholesterol, and reactive oxygen metabolites, and decreased levels of bilirubin and paraoxonase in plasma, independent of ration, compared with cows with a 60-d DP. These contrasting effects of DP length on inflammatory status could be explained in part by the improved energy balance and occurrence of health problems in these cows, but was not related to increased somatic cell count in cows with a 0-d DP. Cows with a 0-d DP had better energy balance, but also had higher levels of oxidative stress compared with cows with a 60-d DP. Moreover, occurrence of health problems did not differ between cows with different DP lengths.
Food Composition of the Diet in Relation to Changes in Waist Circumference Adjusted for Body Mass Index; Background: Dietary factors such as low energy density and low glycemic index were associated with a lower gain in abdominal adiposity. A better understanding of which food groups/items contribute to these associations is necessary. Objective: To ascertain the association of food groups/items consumption on prospective annual changes in "waist circumference for a given BMI" (WCBMI), a proxy for abdominal adiposity. Design: We analyzed data from 48,631 men and women from 5 countries participating in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study. Anthropometric measurements were obtained at baseline and after a median follow-up time of 5.5 years. WCBMI was defined as the residuals of waist circumference regressed on BMI, and annual change in WCBMI (Delta WCBMI, cm/y) was defined as the difference between residuals at follow-up and baseline, divided by follow-up time. The association between food groups/items and Delta WCBMI was modelled using centre-specific adjusted linear regression, and random-effects meta-analyses to obtain pooled estimates. Results: Higher fruit and dairy products consumption was associated with a lower gain in WCBMI whereas the consumption of white bread, processed meat, margarine, and soft drinks was positively associated with Delta WCBMI. When these six food groups/items were analyzed in combination using a summary score, those in the highest quartile of the score - indicating a more favourable dietary pattern - showed a Delta WCBMI of -0.11 (95% CI -0.09 to -0.14) cm/y compared to those in the lowest quartile. Conclusion: A dietary pattern high in fruit and dairy and low in white bread, processed meat, margarine, and soft drinks may help to prevent abdominal fat accumulation.
EFFECT OF DIETARY KEFIR ON THE DIGESTIVE AND LIVER ENZYMES ACTIVITIES AND GLUCOSE LEVEL OF CORUH TROUT, <i>SALMO CORUHENSIS</i> (ACTINOPTERYGII: SALMONIFORMES: SALMONIDAE); The probiotics are very important for aquaculture because of their role in enhancing the fish health status, improving disease resistance, growth performance, and body composition, reducing malformations, improving gut morphology and the overall microbial balance. The objective of the presently reported study was to investigate effects of kefir as a probiotic product on the digestive and hepatic enzyme activities, as well as glucose level of Coruh trout, Salmo coruhensis Turan, Kottelat et Engin, 2010. The experiment was performed with four treatments: control group (no kefir), D1, D2, and D3 (kefir-supplemented diet: 10, 20, and 40 g . kg(-1) fish body mass, respectively). The activity of: alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotranferase (AST), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), lipase, amylase-as well as the glucose levels were determined after 4 months. The results indicated that glucose levels (P < 0.05) and digestive enzymes (lipase and amylase) in the blood serum decreased in fish fed diets containing kefir (P > 0.05). On the contrary, the activity of liver enzymes (ALT, AST, and LDH) increased insignificantly (P > 0.05). In conclusion, digestive and liver enzyme activities were affected by quantitative changes in dietary kefir insignificantly but further research is needed to establish whether the liver and digestive enzyme physiology of Coruh trout can be affected by kefir-supplemented diets in a long-term trial.
Performance and carcass characteristics of dairy steers fed diets containing crude glycerin; The objective of the study was to assess the effects of including 0, 79.8, 159.8, and 240.0 g kg(-1) crude glycerin in the total diet dry matter on the 84 days feedlot performance, nutrient digestibility, blood parameters, and carcass characteristics of crossbred dairy steers. Experimental diets were composed of 98.5 g kg(-1) of sorghum silage and 901.5 g kg(-1) of concentrate. Twenty-four crossbred dairy steers (337.3 +/- 39.8 kg body weight and 15 months of age) were distributed in a completely randomized design with four treatments and six replicates. The intake and digestibility of the dry matter and nutrients were not altered by including crude glycerin in the diet. Crude glycerol levels did not affect the final weight (430.2 kg), daily weight gain (1.38 kg day(-1)), total weight gain (97.2 kg), hot carcass weight (218.9 kg), cold carcass weight (215.2 kg), hot carcass yield (0.50 kg 100 kg(-1) BW), longissimus dorsi area (62.86 cm(2)), subcutaneous fat thickness (4.05 mm), and carcass physical composition. Concentrations of serum glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and creatinine were not altered by including crude glycerin in the diet. Crude glycerin can be added to high concentrate diet up to 240 g kg(-1) without changing the animal performance, apparent digestibility of nutrients, the main carcass characteristics, and blood parameters of finishing crossbred dairy steers.
The consumption of argan oil induces a lipid-lowering effect in dyslipidemic patients; To manage dyslipidemia using diet recommendations based on argan oil consumption, we were interested in studying, for the first time, the effect of argan oil consumption on plasma lipids in never-treated Moroccan dyslipidemic patients. Twenty-four dyslipidemic patients from the endocrinology department of University Hospital of Rabat (Morocco) were included in this interventional study. The study design consists to two diet periods. In the first diet period of 2 weeks, all patients consumed 20 g/day of butter in breakfast. In the second period of 3 weeks (nutritional intervention), all patients were randomized to two diet groups: one group of 15 patients in which the 20 g/day of butter was substituted by 25 ml/day of argan oil with toasted bread for breakfast. The second group of nine patients for whom, both argan oil and olive oil were removed from their diet while keeping the 20 g/day of butter for breakfast. During this period, all patients were placed under a lifestyle and diet recommended for the dyslipidemic patient as reported by the French Agency for Health Products Safety (AFSSAPS). Serum lipid [total cholesterol (total-chol), triglycerides, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-chol) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-chol)] and anthropometric parameters were measured at the end of both periods. Both groups of patients have showed an improvement of lipid parameters in the end of the interventional period compared to the end of stabilization period by reducing total-chol and LDL-chol; and triglycerides and increasing HDL-chol. However, the change in atherogenic lipids was significantly different (P<0.04) in the consumers group of argan oil compared to the control group; 30 versus 14% for total-chol, 46 versus 24.5% for triglycerides, 24 versus 15% for LDL-chol, respectively. While the increase in HDL-chol in consumers group of argan oil was different but not significantly compared to the control group; 17 versus 14% (P = 0.1). We have demonstrated for the first time that consumption of argan oil improves the lipid status in never-treated patients with dyslipidemia and can therefore be recommended in nutritional prevention in the management of dyslipidemia.
The effect of probiotic fermented milk products on blood lipid concentrations: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aim: Fermented milk products are suggested as a supplementary therapy to help reduce blood lipid levels. However, the results of clinical studies are conflicting. Data synthesis: This study systematically reviewed 39 randomized controlled trials (n Z 2237 participants) to investigate the effect of probiotic fermented milk products on blood lipids. A meta-analysis was performed using random effects models, with weighted mean differences (WMDs) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Statistically significant reductions in blood lowdensity lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (WMD: -7.34 mg/dL, 95% CI: from -10.04 to -4.65, and P < 0.001) and total cholesterol (TC) concentrations (WMD: -8.30 mg/dL, 95% CI: from -11.42 to -5.18, and P 0.001) were observed. No statistically significant effect of probiotic fermented milk was observed on blood high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triacylglycerol (TAG) levels. The effect on TC and LDL-C level was more pronounced in men, and a greater reduction in TAG was observed in trials with longer interventions ( 8 weeks) as compared to their counterparts. Conclusions: Available evidence suggests that probiotic fermented milk products may help to reduce serum TC and LDL-C cholesterol levels, particularly in men and when they are consumed Aim: Fermented milk products are suggested as a supplementary therapy to help reduce blood lipid levels. However, the results of clinical studies are conflicting. Data synthesis: This study systematically reviewed 39 randomized controlled trials (n Z 2237 participants) to investigate the effect of probiotic fermented milk products on blood lipids. A meta-analysis was performed using random effects models, with weighted mean differences (WMDs) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Statistically significant reductions in blood low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (WMD:-7.34 mg/dL, 95% CI: from-10.04 to-4.65, and P < 0.001) and total cholesterol (TC) concentrations (WMD:-8.30 mg/dL, 95% CI: from-11.42 to-5.18, and P 0.001) were observed. No statistically significant effect of probiotic fermented milk was observed on blood high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triacylglycerol (TAG) levels. The effect on TC and LDL-C level was more pronounced in men, and a greater reduction in TAG was observed in trials with longer interventions ( 8 weeks) as compared to their counterparts. Conclusions: Available evidence suggests that probiotic fermented milk products may help to reduce serum TC and LDL-C cholesterol levels, particularly in men and when they are consumed for >8 weeks. ? 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Calcium Plus Vitamin D Supplementation and the Risk of Breast Cancer; Although some observational studies have associated higher calcium intake and especially higher vitamin D intake and 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels with lower breast cancer risk, no randomized trial has evaluated these relationships. Postmenopausal women (N = 36 282) who were enrolled in a Women's Health Initiative clinical trial were randomly assigned to 1000 mg of elemental calcium with 400 IU of vitamin D-3 daily or placebo for a mean of 7.0 years to determine the effects of supplement use on incidence of hip fracture. Mammograms and breast exams were serially conducted. Invasive breast cancer was a secondary outcome. Baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were assessed in a nested case-control study of 1067 case patients and 1067 control subjects. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the risk of breast cancer associated with random assignment to calcium with vitamin D-3. Associations between 25-hydroxyvitamin D serum levels and total vitamin D intake, body mass index (BMI), recreational physical activity, and breast cancer risks were evaluated using logistic regression models. Statistical tests were two-sided. Invasive breast cancer incidence was similar in the two groups (528 supplement vs 546 placebo; hazard ratio = 0.96; 95% confidence interval = 0.85 to 1.09). In the nested case-control study, no effect of supplement group assignment on breast cancer risk was seen. Baseline 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were modestly correlated with total vitamin D intake (diet and supplements) (r = 0.19, P < .001) and were higher among women with lower BMI and higher recreational physical activity (both P < .001). Baseline 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were not associated with breast cancer risk in analyses that were adjusted for BMI and physical activity (P-trend = .20). Calcium and vitamin D supplementation did not reduce invasive breast cancer incidence in postmenopausal women. In addition, 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were not associated with subsequent breast cancer risk. These findings do not support a relationship between total vitamin D intake and 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels with breast cancer risk.
Effect of calcium intake on fat oxidation in adults: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Calcium intake is likely to increase body fat loss during energy restriction. Part of this effect may be explained by increased fat oxidation in the presence of a similar energy balance, yet studies have not provided a conclusive answer. Therefore a meta-analysis was performed to determine whether chronic or acute high calcium intake increases fat oxidation. Randomized controlled trials of high calcium intake in human adults where measures of fat oxidation were taken were included. A random-effects meta-analysis was performed on outcomes expressed as standardized mean differences. Chronic high calcium intake increased fat oxidation by a standardized mean difference of 0.42 (95% confidence intervals: 0.14, 0.69; P = 0.003; estimated to correspond to an 11% increase), displaying low heterogeneity (I2 = 18%), which was more prominent when habitual calcium intake was low (<700 mg d-1). Acute high calcium intake increased fat oxidation by a standardized mean difference of 0.41 (0.04, 0.77; P = 0.03), with low heterogeneity (I2 = 19%), yet sensitivity analysis revealed that this effect was relatively weak. In conclusion, chronic high calcium intake is likely to increase rates of fat oxidation. The effects of acute high calcium intake appear to point in the same direction, but further work is needed to permit a greater degree of certainty.
Plant stanol esters in low-fat milk products lower serum total and LDL cholesterol; Background Oil-based matrices enriched with plant stanol esters lower serum LDL cholesterol. The effects of low-fat milk products have been less thoroughly examined. Aim of the background To evaluate the effect of three less explored low-fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipid concentrations in subjects with mild or moderate hypercholesterolemia. Methods A meta-analysis of four unpublished sub-studies (yoghurt, yoghurt single-shot drink: Studies I and II, or milk). All the sub-studies were randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind and had a parallel-group design. They were carried out in order to evaluate the effect of low-fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipid concentration. Each stanol-ester-enriched milk product provided 2 g of stanols per day, and in each study the intervention period was 5 weeks. A total of 199 hypercholesterolemic subjects completed the studies. Results The pooled treatment difference in total cholesterol was -3.8% (95% CI -6.0 to -1.7, p < 0.001) when stanol was compared to placebo. In LDL cholesterol, the pooled treatment difference was -4.9% (95% CI -7.8 to -1.8, p = 0.002). There were no significant differences between the groups in pooled HDL cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations. The results tended to be more pronounced when we were certain that the yoghurt single-shot drink was ingested with lunch, and when the baseline LDL-cholesterol concentration was >= 3.5 mmol/l. Conclusion These results imply that low-fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters lower both total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol statistically significantly in subjects with mild or moderate hypercholesterolemia. The changes tended to relate to the baseline LDL-cholesterol concentration.
Diets enriched with palm olein, cocoa butter, and extra virgin olive oil exhibited similar lipid response: a randomized controlled study in young healthy adults; Vegetable oils having unsaturated fatty acids in the sn-2 position of triglyceride (TG) backbone might not raise serum cholesterol levels. We investigated the chronic effects of diets enriched with palm olein (IV64) (PO), cocoa butter (CB), or extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) with oleic acid primarily at the sn-2 position (66%, 75%, 87% sn-2 oleic acid, respectively) of the TG molecule in 40 healthy volunteers participated in this randomized, controlled, single-blinded, crossover trial. Following a 2-week run-in period, the subjects were given standardization meals (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) cooked with palm olein (IV72). Subjects were randomized to 1 of the 3 intervention groups; receiving baked products (brownies for breakfast and cookies for teatime) prepared with respective test fats accompanied with standardized low-fat meals for breakfast, lunch, and dinner prepared with palm olein (IV72) for all groups for 4 weeks in a crossover manner with 2-week washout period (given standardization meals). Anthropometric measurements, blood samples, and dietary intakes were measured before run-in and pre- and post-intervention. No significant difference was observed on the primary outcome of the study total: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. All 3 test fats were found to exhibit similar lipid responses (total cholesterol, TG, lipoprotein (a), apolipoprotein-A1, apolipoprotein-B/A-1). Statistical difference was found on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (CB > EVOO by 0.3 mmol/L, P =.003), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (PO>CB by 0.04 mmol/L, P = .02) and apolipoprotein-B (EVOO<PO and CB by 0.03 mmol/L, P = .01 and 0.04 mmol, P = .001 respectively). Diets with PO, CB, and EVOO have almost similar lipid profiles and homeostatic model assessment measures. (c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lipid-altering effects of a dietary supplement tablet containing free plant sterols and stanols in men and women with primary hypercholesterolaemia: a randomized, placebo-controlled crossover trial; This randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover trial assessed the lipid-altering efficacy of a dietary supplement (tablet form) providing 1.8 g/day free (non-esterified) plant sterols and stanols versus placebo for 6 weeks as part of a therapeutic lifestyle changes (TLC) diet in 32 men and women with primary hypercholesterolaemia. Mean +/- SE baseline (end of a 5-week TLC diet lead-in) lipid concentrations (mmol/l) were total cholesterol (TC), 5.88 +/- 0.08; non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), 4.71 +/- 0.09; low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), 4.02 +/- 0.08; HDL-C, 1.17 +/- 0.06 and triglycerides (TGs), 1.51 +/- 0.12. Differences from control in responses (plant sterol/stanol - control) were significant (p < 0.05) for LDL-C (-4.9%), non-HDL-C (-3.6%) and TC (-2.8%). HDL-C and TG responses were not significantly different between treatment conditions. These results indicate that 1.8 g/day free plant sterols/stanols administered in a tablet produced favourable lipoprotein lipid changes in men and women with hypercholesterolaemia.
Metabolic and psychological effects of short-term increased consumption of less-processed foods in daily diets: A Pilot Study; Aim. - This study evaluated whether the consumption of locally produced food without additives might have a positive effect on known risk factors for non-communicable diseases (NCDs) such as hypertension, and levels of fasting glucose and visceral adipose tissue (VAT). Attention was focused on various types of cheese, sausages, fresh pasta, pastries, biscuits and chocolate without additives to make them palatable and durable for transport. Methods. - Healthy volunteers were randomized to purchase the foods under study from either local producers not using additives (group 1) or supermarkets (group 2). At baseline and after 6 months, both groups underwent evaluation for weight, blood pressure, VAT, serum sodium, potassium, fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide and creatinine levels, and also the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II) by examiners blinded to group allocation. At baseline, the state part of the STAI and Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale IV were also performed, and body mass index, HOMA index and estimated glomerular filtration rate calculated. Results. - Data for 159 subjects (89 in group 1, 70 in group 2) were analyzed. Baseline evaluations did not differ between groups. At 6 months, HOMA scores and fasting glucose levels were lower in group 1 than in group 2 (P < 0.01). Also, in group 1, VAT (P = 0.006), systolic blood pressure (P = 0.001) and BDI-Il score (P = 0.0005) were decreased, whereas serum fasting glucose (P = 0.04) and C-peptide (P = 0.03) levels, and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.02), were increased in group 2. Conclusion. - Consumption of the locally produced food under study improved some of the major risk factors for NCDs after 6 months. (C) 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Comparison of dietary and physical activity behaviors in women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 39 471 women; BACKGROUND Lifestyle (dietary and/or physical activity [PA]) modification is recommended as first-line therapy to manage polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Current recommendations are based on healthy lifestyle practices for the general public since evidence for unique lifestyle approaches in PCOS is limited and low quality. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE We aimed to synthesize evidence on dietary and PA behaviors between women with PCOS and those without PCOS. Primary outcomes were overall diet quality, total energy intake and total PA, and secondary outcomes included macronutrients, micronutrients, food groups, foods, glycemic indices, sedentary time and sitting levels. We conducted this work to identify any unique lifestyle behaviors in women with PCOS that could underlie the propensity of weight gain and obesity in PCOS and be targeted for precision nutrition and PA interventions. These findings could be used to inform future practice recommendations and research that more effectively address complications (weight gain, obesity, diabetes, infertility, cardiovascular disease and mental health) in this high-risk population. SEARCH METHODS Databases of MEDLINE, Web of Science, Scopus and CINAHL were searched until 15 February 2022 to identify observational studies documenting dietary and PA behaviors between women with PCOS and without PCOS (Controls). Studies on children, adolescents (<18 years), pregnant or menopausal-aged women (>50 years) were excluded. Data were pooled by random-effects models and expressed as (standardized) mean differences (MD) and 95% CIs. The risk of bias was assessed by the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). OUTCOMES Fifty-four studies (N = 39 471 participants; [n = 8736 PCOS; 30 735 Controls]) were eligible (96%; [52/54] NOS scores >= 7). Women with PCOS had higher cholesterol (MD: 12.78, 95% CI: 1.48 to 24.08 mg/day; P = 0.03; I-2 = 19%), lower magnesium (MD: -21.46, 95% CI: -41.03 to -1.91 mg/day; P = 0.03; I-2 = 76%), and a tendency for lower zinc (MD: -1.08, 95% CI: -2.19 to -0.03 mg/day; P = 0.05; I-2 = 96%) intake, despite lower alcohol consumption (MD: -0.95, 95% CI: -1.67 to 0.22 g/day; P = 0.02; I-2 = 0%) versus Controls. Also, women with PCOS had lower total PA (standardized mean difference: -0.38, 95% CI: -0.72 to 0.03; P = 0.03; I-2 = 98%). Conversely, energy, macronutrients (carbohydrate, fat, protein, fiber), micronutrients (folic acid, iron, calcium, sodium), glycemic index and glycemic load were similar (all: P >= 0.06). Most eligible studies reported lower total adherence to healthy eating patterns or poorer consumption of major food groups (grains, fruits, vegetables, proteins, seeds, nuts, dairy) in women with PCOS, as described narratively since variable study methodology did not permit meta-analyses. WIDER IMPLICATIONS Collective evidence supports that women with PCOS have a lower overall diet quality, poorer dietary intakes (higher cholesterol, lower magnesium and zinc) and lower total PA, despite lower alcohol consumption versus those without PCOS. Considerable heterogeneity among studies reinforces the need for research to address any relative contributions of other factors (e.g. genetic, metabolic or sociodemographic) to the observed differences. These clarifications may contribute to future evidence-based guideline recommendations on monitoring and managing PCOS in the era of precision lifestyle medicine.
The significance of calcium in the prevention and management of obesity mechanisms of action; Obesity is an increasingly common problem, both in the United States and in europe, as well as in developing countries. the possible association between dairy products consumption and body weight regulation has been the subject of several recent publications. The interest in this issue arose after biologically plausible mechanisms for this association were identified: most of these suggested a key role for calcium intake from dairy products, although calcium-independent mechanisms have also been proposed. data from cross-sectional epidemiological studies support the hypothesis that a dairy food-rich diet is associated with lower fat accumulation in adults and children; however, prospective studies and randomized controlled intervention trials have yielded inconsistent results. Different reasons could explain these findings that regard the evaluation of either the ''exposure'' (i.e. the methodological problems in the assessment of dietary intake of nutrients over a long time) and the ''outcome'' (i.e. multiple factors involved in the regulation of body weight). moreover, it could also be hypothesized that high consumption of dairy foods would be a marker of healthier lifestyles, or that nutritional differences exist within dairy products. available data do not unequivocally support the hypothesis that a causal relationship exists between high dairy food intake and/or high dietary calcium intake and lower fat mass deposition. however, research in this field should aim to define the health impact of dairy foods even beyond obesity.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of a new isolated soy protein with high levels of nondenaturated protein in hypercholesterolemic patients; This study was undertaken to compare the effects on plasma cholesterol concentration of a new isolated soy protein in which the protein structure is kept in its native, nonclenaturated form (verum 1) versus a conventional isolated soy protein (verum 2) and milk protein (placebo). This prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted in an outpatient clinical study center in Berlin, Germany. Over 8 wk, 120 patients (total cholesterol, 5.2-7.8 mmol/L) were given verum 1, verunn 2, or placebo at a dosage of 25 g protein daily. At the end of the treatment period, total cholesterol levels were significantly reduced by 10.7% in the verum 1 group compared with placebo (P <.001), and levels were reduced by 5.8% in the verum 2 group (P=.008). The difference between the 2 verum groups was statistically significant (P=.008). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly reduced with nonclenaturated isolated soy protein only: levels were reduced by 9.4% in the verum 1 group (P=.002) and by 4.9% in the verum 2 group (P=.107). Again, the difference between the verum groups was significant (P=.05). The results of this study confirm that supplementation with isolated soy protein can lead to significant reductions in plasma concentrations of total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. These reductions are significantly more pronounced with an isolated soy protein that maintains the native protein structure than with a commercially available reference isolated soy protein.
Role of ApoA1 on High-Density Lipoprotein: an intervention with plant sterols in patients with hypercholesterolemia; Background: Numerous studies have shown an inverse association between cholesterol's concentration associated with High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL-C) and cardiovascular risk. The present study intends to investigate the possible relation between Apolipoprotein A (ApoA1) and HDL-C as a new strategy to reduce cardiovascular risk. Aim: was determine the effect of ApoA1 in cholesterol's metabolism through its influence on HDL-C in young adult population. Methods: One clinical trial, controlled, randomized, double-blind, providing a commercial milk, "Naturcol", with sterols for 3 weeks (n = 19) and placebo (n = 16). A questionnaire Ad Hoc was designed and a complete anthropometric study was made. SPSS 21.0 was used to analyse the data. Results: Significant differences were observed between sterol milk and placebo in a single marker, Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (LDL-C). A linear dispersion of data between HDL-C and ApoA1 was found, both at the beginning and end of the intervention (Person Correlation = 0.846 and 0.903, respectively). High dependency measures by linear regression (R-2= 0.715 and 0.816, respectively) were observed. Conclusion: A significant relation between HDL-C and ApoA1 was proven. Taking into account the importance that HDL-C levels seem to have on cardiovascular health, ApoA1 is presented as an important clinical marker to improve heart function as well as to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Effect of herbal choline and rumen-protected methionine on lamb performance and blood metabolites; Twenty-four lambs (Pelibuey x East Friesian), weighing 22.7 +/- 3.2 kg, were fed a basal diet of corn silage, oat hay, alfalfa hay, and concentrate (60% forage and 40% concentrate). Treatments consisted of oral doses of rumen-protected methionine (RPM) (0 and 1.5 g/day) and herbal choline (biocholine) (0 and 4 g/day) in a completely random block design with factorial arrangement of treatments, where lambs were blocked by sex. The experiment was conducted for 60 days, and measurements of live weight and dry matter intake were obtained. No effects of the treatments were observed on performance variables (lamb growth, consumption and feed conversion). Non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) were increased by biocholine and unaffected by methionine (Met). Biocholine increased glucose and cholesterol, whereas methionine increased triglycerides, albumin and plasma protein. The dietary supplementation with biocholine and RPM did not improve lambs' growth; however, biocholine and Met showed a lipotropic effect by mobilizing NEFA and stimulating glucose and cholesterol synthesis.
Low somatic cell count: a risk factor for subsequent clinical mastitis in a dairy herd; A case-control study was conducted to evaluate factors measured at the udder inflammation-free state as risk factors for subsequent clinical mastitis. The factors including somatic cell count (SCC), body condition score, milk yield, percentages of milk fat and milk protein, and diseases were evaluated for their association with the results of udder inflammatory response. The results of the response were specified as presence (case) and absence (control) of clinical signs of mastitis. Data on Holstein Friesian cows calving from January 1984 to November 1996 from a commercial farm with low bulk milk SCC were used. Univariable and multivariable random-effect logistic models were used to evaluate the effect of those factors on the risk of clinical mastitis. The following variables were associated with increased odds of case versus control events in the univariable analysis: early lactation period, low SCC, high milk yield, high percentage of milk protein, high percentage of milk fat, low body condition score, retained placenta, and milk fever. For the final multivariable model of all variables used for analysis, only low SCC remained significantly associated with increased risk of subsequent clinical mastitis. The authors concluded that very low SCC during the udder inflammation-free state are associated with increased risk of clinical mastitis.
High-selenium yeast supplementation in free-living North American men: No effect on thyroid hormone metabolism or body composition; in a prior study, we observed decreased Serum 3,3',5-triiodothyronine (T-3), increased serum thyrotropin and increased body weight ill five men fed 297 mu g/d of selenium (Se) in foods naturally high in Se while confined in a metabolic research unit. In an attempt to replicate and confirm those observations, we conducted a randomized Study of high-Se yeast supplements (300 mu g/d) or placebo yeast administered to 42 healthy free-living men for 48 weeks. Serum thyroxine, T3 and thyrotropin did not change in supplemented or control subjects. Body weight increased in both groups during the 48-week treatment period and remained elevated for the 48-week follow-up period. Body fat increased by 1.2 kg in both groups. Energy intake and voluntary activity levels were not different between the groups and remained unchanged during the treatment period. Dietary intakes of Se, macronutrients and micronutrients were not different between groups and remained unchanged during the treatment period. These results Suggest that our previous observation of a hypothyroidal response to high-Se foods was confounded by some aspect of the particular foods used, or were merely chance observations. Because of the high dose and long administration period, the present Study suggests that the effects of Se supplements on thyroid hormone metabolism and energy metabolism in healthy North American men with adequate Se status do not represent a significant risk for unhealthy weight gain. Published by Elsevier GmbH.
<i>Short communication</i>: Daily intake of 125 g of cheese for 2 weeks did not alter amount or distribution of serum lipids or desaturase indexes in healthy adults in an exploratory pilot study; Regular cheese contains saturated fat, consumption of which may negatively influence the amount of serum lipids. The American Dietary Guidelines (https://health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015/guidelines/) recommend consumption of low-fat food. However, we observed a negative association between cheese intake and serum triglycerides and a positive association with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Cheese intake was also inversely related to metabolic syndrome and blunted the harmful association of intake of soft drinks with serum lipids. Cheese contains calcium and factors that may inhibit desaturases, thereby partly explaining why cheese might not have negative effects on serum lipids. Thus, opposing forces seem to govern the cheese effect but will any of these prevail? In an exploratory pilot study, 17 healthy subjects participated in a 4-wk crossover trial without washout. During the first 2 wk, 9 subjects were randomly assigned to add 125 g/d of regular cheese to their habitual diet. After 2 wk, cheese intake was discontinued and the subjects were instructed to return to their habitual diet. The other 8 subjects followed their habitual diet during the first 2 wk, and then added 125 g/d of cheese for the next 2 wk. Mean values (mmol/L) before and after 2 wk on habitual (cheese) diet were as follows: serum triglycerides: 0.91 (0.89) and 0.95 (0.91); total cholesterol: 5.25 (5.16) and 5.08 (5.24); low-density lipoprotein cholesterol: 3.18 (3.17) and 3.09 (3.22); and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol: 1.71 (1.64) and 1.61 (1.66). The fatty acid pattern in total serum lipids and desaturase indexes did not change significantly in response to high cheese intake. Thus, an appreciable increase in daily cheese intake for 2 wk may not alter concentrations of serum lipids, estimates of desaturases, or the distribution of serum fatty acids.
Different effects of palmitic and stearic acid-enriched diets on serum lipids and lipoproteins and plasma cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity in healthy young women; The effects of palmitic and stearic acid-enriched diets on serum lipids, lipoproteins, apolipoproteins (ape) A-I and B, and plasma cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) activity were examined in 12 healthy young women. Subjects followed the two experimental diets for 4 weeks according to a randomized crossover design. Both experimental diet periods were preceded by consumption of a baseline diet for 2 weeks. The diets provided 37% of total energy intake (E%) as fat, and differed only with respect to fatty acid composition. There was a substitution of 5E% of palmitic acid or stearic acid in the experimental diets for 5E% of monounsaturated fatty acids in the baseline diet. After the palmitic acid diet, serum total and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and apo A-I concentrations were higher (8%, P = .015, 9%, P = .040, and 11%, P = .011, respectively) and mean serum low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentration tended to be higher (8%, P = .077) as compared with values after the stearic acid diet. Plasma CETP activity increased in the palmitic acid diet as compared with the stearic acid diet (12%, P = .006). In conclusion, palmitic acid and stearic acid-enriched diets had different effects on serum lipids and lipoproteins and also on plasma CETP activity in young healthy women. (C) 1996 by W.B. Saunders Company
Effects of <i>Bupleurum</i> extract on blood metabolism, antioxidant status and immune function in heat-stressed dairy cows; This experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of Bupleurum extract (BE) on blood metabolites, antioxidant status, and immune function in dairy cows under heat stress. Forty lactating Holstein cows were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments. The treatments consisted of 0, 0.25, 0.5, and 1.0 g of BE kg(-1) dry matter. Supplementation with BE decreased (P<0.05) blood urea nitrogen (BUN) contents and increased blood total protein (TP) and albumin (ALB) levels compared with control cows, but it had no effects (P>0.05) on blood glucose (GLU), nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA), total triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Compared with control cows, cows fed BE had higher (P<0.05) superoxide dismutase (SOD) and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) activity. However, supplementation with BE had no effect (P>0.05) on total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) or malondialdehyde (MDA) levels. The immunoglobulin (Ig) A and G contents increased (P<0.05) in cows fed 0.25 or 0.5 g of BE kg(-1). Interleukin (IL)-2 and IL-4 levels were higher (P<0.05) in cows fed 0.5 and 1.0 g of BE kg(-1), and IL-6 was significantly elevated (P<0.05) in cows fed 0.5 g of BE kg(-1). There were no treatment effects (P>0.05) on the CD4(+) and CD8(+) T lymphocyte ratios, CD4(+)/CD8(+) ratio, or tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) level among the groups. These findings suggest that BE supplementation may improve protein metabolism, in addition to enhancing antioxidant activity and immune function in heat-stressed dairy cows.
Association of branched chain fatty acids with cardiometabolic disorders in humans: a systematic review; Context Despite advances in treatments for cardiometabolic disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity, the increasing frequency of these conditions is of major clinical and public health concern. Therefore, primary prevention including diet and lifestyle approaches continues to play a key role in risk reduction. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies have documented inverse associations of dairy consumption with the incidence of different cardiometabolic disorders. Dairy is the largest dietary contributor of branched chain fatty acids (BCFAs), which have been suggested to not only serve as biomarkers of dairy consumption but may also have bioactive properties contributing to reducing the risk of cardiometabolic outcomes. To date, however, the literature on this topic has not been systematically reviewed. Objective The aim here was to report the results of a systematic review of the association of BCFAs with cardiometabolic disorders in humans. Data Sources Search terms were developed and run through the Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, and the Cochrane Library databases. Data Extraction Articles were selected on the basis of prespecified inclusion criteria and assessed for risk of bias by independent reviewers. Results Four studies (n = 2 cross sectional; n = 1 randomized feeding trial and n = 1 pre-post study) were identified. Two studies reported significant inverse associations between serum BCFAs and insulin resistance, triglycerides and/or body mass index. One study identified an inverse association between adipose tissue monomethyl BCFAs and skeletal muscle insulin resistance. In contrast, the randomized feeding trial reported no significant differences to stool BCFA concentrations or body mass index in obese participants following assignment to fruit-vegetable or whole-grain diet groups compared with a refined-grain control group. Conclusions Current evidence suggests beneficial associations of circulating BCFAs with cardiometabolic risk phenotypes, although data in human participants are limited, indicating that additional research is required. PROSPERO registration no CRD42021224975.
Feeding value of crambe press cake and extracted meal as well as production responses of growing-finishing pigs and dairy cows fed these by-products; To analyse the feeding value of crambe press cake (CPC) and crambe extracted meal (CEM), and the incorporation limits in pig diets, a series of balance trials with a total of 12 male castrates was conducted. Additionally, in a feeding trial the effect of 5% and 10% CPC or CEM on growth performance and on pork quality was tested. The CP content of CPC and CEM. was 207 and 331 g/kg DM, respectively, and the residual EE 144 and 26 g/kg DM, respectively. The erucic acid concentration amounted to 56% of total fatty acids. Glucosinolate contents were found to be 50 mmol/kg CPC-DM and 70 mmol/kg CEM-DM. The digestibility of OM was 54% for both by-products and the ME contents were 10.6 and 9.3 MJ/kg DM for CPC and CEM, respectively. In the feeding trial, 10% CPC in the diet significantly decreased BWG from 782 g/d (controls) to 742 g/d. Due to glucosinclate intake, the weight of liver, thyroid glands and kidneys was significantly increased. The body fat showed an increased deposition of erucic acid in back fat and intramuscular fat, but changes in sensory properties of the meat were not detected. It is recommended that the incorporation rate of CPC and CEM in diets for growing-finishing pigs should not exceed 5%. The balance experiments, carried out with four wethers each, showed that the OM of CPC and CEM was better digested by ruminants, amounting to 71% or 67%, respectively. The energy content amounted to 7.4 and 6.0 MJ NEL/kg DM, respectively. In the feeding trials with lactating cows, 30% CPC or CEM in the concentrate resulted in a decrease of concentrate intake of about 7%. Due to the high residual fat content of CPC, the milk fat content decreased and the erucic acid content increased. The high glucosinolate intake affected the iodine concentration in the milk. CPC and CEM feeding decreased the iodine content from 271-117 mu g/kg and from 182-77 mu g, respectively. It is recommended that crambe by-products should not exceed 15% in concentrates or an intake of 1 kg/d for dairy cows.
Effects of lutein-enriched egg yolk in buttermilk or skimmed milk on serum lipids & lipoproteins of mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background and aims: Earlier studies in our group suggested that traditionally prepared buttermilk influences cholesterol metabolism. We therefore designed a study to evaluate whether traditionally prepared buttermilk lowers serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and/or prevents the LDL-C raising effect of egg yolks. Methods and results: Mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects were randomly allocated to one of four diet groups consuming daily at lunch 80 ml skimmed milk with (n = 23) or without (n = 25) lutein-enriched egg yolk (28 g from 1.5 eggs providing 323 mg cholesterol) or traditionally prepared buttermilk with (n = 23) or without (n = 21) lutein-enriched egg yolk during a 12 week period. Fasting blood samples were taken to measure concentrations of serum lipids, (apo) lipoproteins, liver and kidney function markers, and plasma lutein, zeaxanthin and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Egg yolk consumption significantly increased serum total cholesterol (total-C) (p = 0.035) and LDL-C concentrations (p = 0.022). Buttermilk did not change the effects of egg yolk on serum lipids and (apo) lipoproteins. There was a trend towards significant lower total-C (p = 0.077), but not LDL-C (p = 0.204) concentrations in the buttermilk groups. Plasma lutein and zeaxanthin concentrations increased significantly (p < 0.001) in the egg yolk groups. Conclusion: In mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects, daily consumption of traditionally prepared buttermilk for 12 weeks did not lower serum total-C or LDL-C concentrations, nor did it prevent the serum total-C and LDL-C raising effect of daily egg yolk consumption. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Improved lipoprotein profile when margarine replaces butter in a low fat diet: A randomised crossover study with hypercholesterolaemic subjects; To examine the effect on lipids and lipoproteins of the use of butter or an unsaturated margarine as the only cooking and spreading fat in a reduced fat diet we conducted a randomised crossover study with two intervention periods of six weeks duration, separated by a five week washout. Forty nine volunteers with polygenic hypercholesterolaemia and baseline total cholesterol in the range 5.5-7.9 mmol/l took part. Total and low density lipoprotein, lipoprotein (a), high density lipoprotein, apolipoprotein B-100 and apolipoprotein A(1) were the main outcome measures. Low density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B levels were approximately ten % lower on margarine than on butter. Lipoprotein(a) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were similar on the two diets. Therefore the results indicate that when total fat is reduced to levels recommended for individuals at high risk of coronary heart disease, the use of unsaturated margarine rather than butter by hypercholesterolaemic individuals is associated with a lipoprotein profile which would be expected to be associated with reduced cardiovascular risk.
Effect of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure in moderately hypercholesterolemic men and women; Objectives: Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) found in buttermilk is rich in unique bioactive proteins. Several studies suggest that MFGM proteins possess biological activities such as cholesterol-lowering, antiviral, antibacterial, and anticancer properties, but data in humans are lacking. Furthermore, to our knowledge, no study has yet investigated the antihypertensive potential of MFGM proteins from buttermilk. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure and on markers of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (RAS) system in humans. Methods: Men and women (N = 34) with plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol < 5 mmol/L and normal blood pressure (< 140 mm Hg) were recruited in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study. Their diets were supplemented with 45 g/d of buttermilk and with 45 g/d of a macro-/micronutrient-matched placebo in random order (4 wk for each diet). Results: Buttermilk consumption significantly reduced systolic blood pressure (-2.6 mm Hg; P = 0.009), mean arterial blood pressure (-1.7 mm Hg; P = 0.015), and plasma levels of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme (-10.9%; P = 0.003) compared with the placebo, but had no effect on plasma concentrations of angiotensin II and aldosterone. Conclusion: Short-term buttermilk consumption reduces blood pressure in normotensive individuals. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Randomized Controlled Trial of a Herbal Compound for Improving Metabolic Parameters in Diabetic Patients with Uncontrolled Dyslipidemia; Objective: The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to investigate the effects of a polyherbal compound consisting of Aloe vera, black seed, fenugreek, garlic, milk thistle, and psyllium on diabetic patients with uncontrolled dyslipidemia. Methods: Fifty patients with type 2 diabetes who had dyslipidemia in spite of statin therapy were randomly allocated to two groups: control group (n = 25) receiving a conventional therapy with hypolipidemic and hypoglycemic drugs and intervention group (n = 25) receiving both the conventional therapy and the herbal compound (one sachet twice daily) for 12 weeks. Each sachet contained 300 mg of Aloe vera leaf gel, 1.8 g of black seed, 300 mg of garlic, 2.5 g of fenugreek seed, 1 g of psyllium seed, and 500 mg of milk thistle seed. Results: The levels of serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, and HbA1c showed a significant in-group improvement in the intervention group. However, the effects of the herbal compound on fasting blood glucose remained insignificant. The compound had no unwanted effect on the kidney function parameters (urea, creatinine) and serum liver enzymes (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate transaminase). Conclusion: The tested herbal compound, as an add-on to statin therapy, was effective in lowering the serum lipids in diabetic patients with uncontrolled dyslipidemia.
Postprandial Lipemic Responses to Various Sources of Saturated and Monounsaturated Fat in Adults; Background: Postprandial lipemia (PPL) is a cardiovascular disease risk factor. However, the effects of different fat sources on PPL remain unclear. We aimed to determine the postprandial response in triglycerides (TG) to four dietary fat sources in adults. Methods: Participants completed four randomized meal trials. For each meal trial, participants (n = 10; 5M/5F) consumed a high-fat meal (HFM) (13 kcal/kg; 61% of total kcal from fat) with the fat source derived from butter, coconut oil, olive oil, or canola oil. Blood was drawn hourly for 6 h post-meal to quantify PPL. Results: Two-way ANOVA of TG revealed a time effect (p < 0.0001), but no time-meal interaction (p = 0.56), or meal effect (p = 0.35). Meal trials did not differ with regard to TG total (p = 0.33) or incremental (p = 0.14) area-under-the-curve. When stratified by sex and the TG response was averaged across meals, two-way ANOVA revealed a time effect (p < 0.0001), time-group interaction (p = 0.0001), and group effect (p = 0.048), with men exhibiting a greater response than women, although this difference could be attributed to the pronounced difference in BMI between men and women within the sample. Conclusion: In our sample of young adults, postprandial TG responses to a single HFM comprised of different fat sources did not differ.
Probiotic yogurt improves body mass index and fasting insulin levels without affecting serum leptin and adiponectin levels in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); There is evidence of possible beneficial effects of probiotic products in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Here the effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on obesity values, fasting insulin, insulin resistance, and serum leptin and adiponectin levels in NAFLD patients were investigated by a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial. Seventy-two subjects, aged between 23 and 63 years, were divided into two groups. Subjects consumed either 300 g/day of probiotic yogurt or 300 g/day of conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Probiotic yogurt consumption resulted in a significant reduction in weight, body mass index, and serum levels of fasting insulin as compared with that in the control group. No significant changes were observed in waist circumference, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance, serum leptin, adiponectin, and leptin to adiponectin ratio in both groups. Our study suggests that probiotic yogurt consumption improved body mass index and insulin levels and may be applicable in reducing risk factors of NAFLD. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of dietary sphingomyelin on absorption and fractional synthetic rate of cholesterol and serum lipid profile in humans; Background: Diets enriched with sphingolipids may improve blood lipid profiles. Studies in animals have shown reductions in cholesterol absorption and alterations in blood lipids after treatment with sphingomyelin (SM). However, minimal information exists on effect of SM on cholesterol absorption and metabolism in humans. The objective was to assess the effect of SM consumption on serum lipid concentrations and cholesterol metabolism in healthy humans. Methods: Ten healthy adult males and females completed a randomized crossover study. Subjects consumed controlled diets with or without 1 g/day SM for 14 days separated by at least 4 week washout period. Serum lipid profile and markers of cholesterol metabolism including cholesterol absorption and synthesis were analyzed. Results: Serum triglycerides, total, LDL- and VLDL-cholesterol were not affected while HDL cholesterol concentrations were increased (p = 0.043) by SM diet consumption. No change in cholesterol absorption and cholesterol fractional synthesis rate was observed with supplementation of SM compared to control. Intraluminal cholesterol solubilization was also not affected by consumption of SM enriched diet. Conclusions: In humans, 1 g/day of dietary SM does not alter the blood lipid profile except for an increased HDL-cholesterol concentration and has no effect on cholesterol absorption, synthesis and intraluminal solubilization compared to control.
Beneficial effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension eating plan on features of the metabolic syndrome; OBJECTIVE - To determine the effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on metabolic risks in patients with the metabolic syndrome. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This was a randomized controlled ompatient trial conducted on 116 patients with the metabolic syndrome. Three diets were prescribed for 6 months: a control diet, a weight-reducing diet emphasizing healthy food choices, and the DASH diet with reduced calories and increased consumption of fruit, vegetables, low-fat dairy, and whole grains and lower in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol and restricted to 2,400 mg Na. The main outcome measures were the components of the metabolic syndrome. RESULTS - Relative to the control diet, the DASH diet resulted in higher HDL cholesterol (7 and 10 mg/dl), lower triglycerides (- 18 and - 14 mg/dl), systolic blood pressure (SBP) (- 12 and -11 mmHg), diastolic blood pressure (- 6 and - 7 mmHg), weight (- 16 and - 14 kg), fasting blood glucose (FBG) (- 15 and -8 mg/dl), and weight (- 16 and - 15 kg), among men and women, respectively (all P < 0.001). The net reduction in triglycerides (- 17 and - 18 mg/dl), SBP (-11 and -11 mmHg), diastolic blood pressure (- 5 and - 6 mmHg), and FBG (- 4 and - 6 mg/dl), weight (- 16 and - 15 kg), and increase in HDL (5 and 10 mg/dl) among men and women, respectively, was higher in the DASH group (all P < 0.05). The weight-reducing diet resulted in significant change in triglycerides (-13 and -10 mg/dl), SBP (- 6 and - 6 mmHg), and weight (- 13 and - 12 kg) among men and women, respectively (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - The DASH diet can likely reduce most of the metabolic risks in both men and women; the related mechanisms need further study.
Oral tributyrin prevents endotoxin-induced lipid metabolism disorder; Background & aims: Sepsis leads to dysregulation of lipid and lipoprotein metabolism. Butyrate increases peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), which are key nuclear hormone receptors to induce fatty acid oxidation and synthesis. Oral administration of tributyrin, a prodrug of butyrate contained in dairy products, suppresses lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced liver injury through attenuating nuclear factor-KB activity with an increased hepatoportal butyrate level. In this study, we elucidated the protective effect of oral administration of tributyrin against LPS-mediated lipid metabolism disorder in rats. Methods: Male Wistar rats were randomly divided and were administered tributyrin or vehicle orally 1 h before LPS injection and then sacrificed at 0, 1.5, 6, and 24 h after LPS. Liver tissue expressions of nuclear hormone receptors, enzymes associated with fatty acid metabolism, and histone acetylation were analyzed by real-time polymerase chain reaction or western blotting. Plasma lipids levels were measured. Results: Tributyrin enhanced expression of PPARs and histone H3 in the liver at basal levels. Tributyrin suppressed LPS-induced repression of PPARs fatty acid oxidation-associated enzymes: fatty acid transport protein and fatty acid binding protein, and fatty acid synthesis-associated enzyme: sterol regulatory element binding protein-1c. Tributyrin reduced the increase in plasma triglyceride, total cholesterol (TC), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels at 24 h after LPS injection. Conclusions: Oral tributyrin administration prevented elevation of plasma triglyceride, TC, and LDL-C levels through improved fatty acid oxidation in endotoxemic rats. (C) 2015 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cholesterol lowering and inhibition of sterol absorption by <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The percentage of hypercholesterolemic individuals not reaching their LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) goal remains high and additional therapeutic strategies should be evaluated. The objective of this study was to evaluate the cholesterol-lowering efficacy and mechanism of action of bile salt hydrolase-active Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 capsules in hypercholesterolemic adults. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 127 subjects completed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-arm, multicenter study. Subjects were randomized to consume L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 capsules or placebo capsules over a 9-week intervention period. The primary outcome was LDL-C relative to placebo at the study end point. RESULTS: L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 capsules reduced LDL-C by 11.64% (P<0.001), total cholesterol by 9.14%, (P<0.001), non-HDL-cholesterol (non-HDL-C) by 11.30% (P<0.001) and apoB-100 by 8.41% (P=0.002) relative to placebo. The ratios of LDL-C/HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) and apoB-100/apoA-1 were reduced by 13.39% (P=0.006) and 9.00% (P=0.026), respectively, relative to placebo. Triglycerides and HDL-C were unchanged. High-sensitivity C-reactive protein and fibrinogen were reduced by 1.05 mg/l (P=0.005) and 14.25% (P=0.004) relative to placebo, respectively. Mean plasma deconjugated bile acids were increased by 1.00 mmol/l (P=0.025) relative to placebo, whereas plasma campesterol, sitosterol and stigmasterol were decreased by 41.5%, 34.2% and 40.7%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The present results suggest that the deconjugation of intraluminal bile acids results in reduced absorption of non-cholesterol sterols and indicate that L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 capsules may be useful as an adjunctive therapy for treating hypercholesterolemia.
Fatty acid regio-specificity of triacylglycerol molecules may affect plasma lipid responses to dietary fats-a randomised controlled cross-over trial; Background/Objectives Hypercholesterolaemic effects of saturated fatty acids (SFA) may be influenced not only by the chain length, but also by their specific location within the triacylglycerol (TAG) molecule. We examined the hypothesis that dietary fats rich in SFA, but containing mostly unsaturated fatty acids in the sn-2 position with most SFA in sn-1 and -3 (palm olein [PO] and cocoa butter [CB]) will have similar serum lipid outcomes to unsaturated olive oil (OO). Subjects/Methods Thirty-eight participants (20-40 yr, 18.5- <= 27.5 kg/m(2)) completed a 4-week randomised 3 x 3 crossover feeding intervention, preceded by 2-week run-in and separated by 2-week washout periods. Background diet contained 35 percentage of total energy (%E) fat, 18%E protein, 48%E carbohydrates, differing in test fats only (palm olein (PO), CB, OO; 20%E). Total cholesterol (TC)/high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio and related variables; TC, HDL-C, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), TAG, apoA1, ApoB, ApoA1 (apolipoprotein A1)/ApoB (apolipoprotein B), lipoprotein (a) (Lp(a)), NEFA, LDL sub-fractions, were assessed pre- and post-intervention. Data were analysed using mixed effects longitudinal models with a P-value < 0.05 considered significant. Results Changes in plasma fatty acids (P < 0.05) confirmed compliance; C18:1 increased with OO compared to PO and CB; C16:0 decreased with OO and C18:0 increased following CB. No differences were seen for TC/HDL-C (mean [95%CI] change for PO, 0.08[0.00, 0.15] mmol/L; CB, 0.06 [-0.05, 0.16] mmol/L; and OO, -0.01 [-0.15, 0.13] mmol/L; P = 0.53] or any other parameter including LDL sub-fractions. OO decreased IDL-A compared to PO (-2.2 [-4.31, -0.21] mg/dL, P = 0.03). Conclusion In healthy young participants, plasma lipid responses to PO and CB, enriched in SFA but having primarily unsaturated fatty acid in the sn-2 position of TAG, did not differ from OO.
Saturated fats, dairy foods and health: A curious paradox?; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain a major cause of death and morbidity worldwide. Dietary guidelines aim to restrict the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA) as they are regarded as an important risk factor for CVD due to their association with increased blood cholesterol. As dairy foods are major contributors of dietary SFA, there have been guidelines to reduce consumption of these foods. However, it is now generally accepted that the effects of reducing intake of SFA are dependent on what replaces them in the diet. Reduced CVD risk has been associated with replacement of SFA with cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids (cis-PUFA) and/or cis-monounsaturated fatty acids (cis-MUFA), with replacement by carbohydrate leading to no reduction or even increased CVD risk. Most studies on the effect of diet/food on CVD risk have used total cholesterol (TC) and/or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in blood as the marker(s) of risk. However, because of potentially attenuating effects of dairy foods (e.g. effect of protein on blood lipids and blood pressure; food matrix effects on fat bioavailability), a wider range of markers is needed to more fully evaluate disease risk. Nevertheless, whilst prospective evidence shows no increase in CVD risk from high dairy consumption, it is still unclear whether replacing a proportion of SFA in dairy fat with cis-MUFA will lead to reduced CVD risk. The relatively few randomised controlled trials that have examined this using TC/LDL-C as risk markers give some indications of reduced CVD risk from consumption of milk and dairy products with modified fatty acid composition, compared with those of normal milk fat composition. The results of ongoing studies will add valuable new evidence on this issue.
<i>Lactobacillus delbrueckii</i> Interfere With Bile Acid Enterohepatic Circulation to Regulate Cholesterol Metabolism of Growing-Finishing Pigs via Its Bile Salt Hydrolase Activity; Microbiota-targeted therapies for hypercholesterolemia get more and more attention and are recognized as an effective strategy for preventing and treating cardiovascular disease. The experiment was conducted to investigate the cholesterol-lowering mechanism of Lactobacillus delbrueckii in a pig model. Twelve barrows (38.70 +/- 5.33 kg) were randomly allocated to two groups and fed corn-soybean meal diets with either 0% (Con) or 0.1% Lactobacillus delbrueckii (Con + LD) for 28 days. L. delbrueckii-fed pigs had lower serum contents of total cholesterol (TC), total bile acids (TBAs), and triglyceride, but higher fecal TC and TBA excretion. L. delbrueckii treatment increased ileal Lactobacillus abundance and bile acid (BA) deconjugation and affected serum and hepatic BA composition. Dietary L. delbrueckii downregulated the gene expression of ileal apical sodium-dependent bile acid transporter (ASBT) and ileal bile acid binding protein (IBABP), and hepatic farnesoid X receptor (FXR), fibroblast growth factor (FGF19), and small heterodimer partner (SHP), but upregulated hepatic high-density lipoprotein receptor (HDLR), low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR), sterol regulatory element binding protein-2 (SREBP-2), and cholesterol-7 alpha hydroxylase (CYP7A1) expression. Our results provided in vivo evidence that L. delbrueckii promote ileal BA deconjugation with subsequent fecal TC and TBA extraction by modifying ileal microbiota composition and induce hepatic BA neosynthesis via regulating gut-liver FXR-FGF19 axis.
Effect of calcium and dairy foods in high protein, energy-restricted diets on weight loss and metabolic parameters in overweight adults; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects two high-protein (HP) diets that differ in dietary calcium and protein source on weight loss, body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function and blood pressure. DESIGN: Randomized, parallel study (12 wk of energy restriction, 4 wk of energy balance) of high dairy protein/high-calcium (DP, 2400 mg Ca/d) and high mixed protein/moderate calcium (MP, 500 mg Ca/d) diets (5.5 MJ/d, 34% protein, 41% carbohydrate, 24% fat). SUBJECTS: In all, 50 healthy, overweight (age 25-64 y; body mass index 25 - 35 kg/m(2);) males (n = 20) and females (n = 30). RESULTS: Loss of total weight (-9.7 +/- 3.8 kg), fat mass (-8.3 +/- 0.4 kg) and lean mass (-1.6 +/- 0.3 kg) were independent of dietary group. Improvements in fasting insulin, lipids, systolic/diastolic blood pressure, and markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function were independent of dietary intervention. CONCLUSIONS: Increased dietary calcium/dairy foods in an energy-restricted, HP diet does not affect weight loss or body composition. Weight reduction following increased protein diets is associated with beneficial metabolic outcomes that are not affected by protein source.
The effects of synbiotic supplementation on insulin resistance/sensitivity, lipid profile and total antioxidant capacity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized double blind placebo controlled clinical trial; Aims: The role of gut microbiota in the management of diabetes is shown. In this randomized clinical trial we assessed the effects of synbiotic supplementation on insulin, lipid profile and antioxidative status among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Ninety pregnant women with GDM were randomly assigned into two groups to receive either a daily synbiotic capsule -consisting of L. acidophilus, L. plantarum, L. fermentum, L. gasseri (1.5-7.0 x 10(9-10) CFU/g) -with fructooligosaccharide (38.5 mg), or placebo for 6 weeks. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), insulin, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), high-and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C, LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DSP) were assessed before and after the intervention. Results: No significant changes in FPG, insulin resistance/sensitivity, lipid profile and TAC indices were seen in synbiotic group compared to the placebo one (p > 0.05). Significant within group increases for HDL-C and TAC levels in synbiotic group were observed (p < 0.05). LDL-C showed significant increment in the placebo group compared to the baseline of the study (6.9 mg/dL, p < 0.05). Between group comparison showed significant decrease in SBP and DBP in synbiotic group compared to placebo (-2.5 vs. 8.6 mmHg, and -1.8 vs. 2.1 mmHg, p < 0.05). Conclusions: The results showed that, in women with GDM, synbiotic supplementation had no effect on FPG and insulin resistance/ sensitivity indices. Lipid profile and TAC status may be affected by synbiotic supplementation. Synbiotic is effective in reducing of blood pressure in women with GDM. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A randomized clinical trial evaluating a proprietary mixture of <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> strains for lowering cholesterol; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease, global leading cause of morbi-mortality, deserve a special attention of efficacious and safe treatments. Development of new principles based on the intestinal microbiome has been revealed as a promising approach. OBJECTIVE: To assess the effects of a combination of three Lactobacillus plantarum strains on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and other lipid parameters in hypercholesterolemic adults. METHODS: In this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial, 60 patients (mean age 51.8 y, BMI 26.2 kg/m(2), LDLC 167.5 mg/dL) not receiving lipid-altering treatment were treated either with a L. plantarum-containing probiotic (LpPRO) or placebo (PLBO) single capsule daily for 12 weeks. Lipid and safety parameters were assessed at screening/baseline, 6 and 12 weeks of treatment, and after a 4-week follow-up period. RESULTS: At 12 weeks, compared to PLBO, the LpPRO group had significantly (p < 0.001) larger reductions in LDL-C (24.4 vs. 9.8 mg/dL), total-C (33.7 vs. 10.6 mg/dL), LDL-C/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio (0.8 vs. 0.3), oxidized LDL (7.5 vs. 1.0 U/L) and triglycerides (29.1 vs. 4.1 mg/dL). HDL-C was also significantly (p < 0.001) increased in LpPRO vs. PLBO (2.9 vs. 0.4 mg/dL). CONCLUSIONS: The L. plantarum combination reduced LDL-C and improved other lipid parameters, suggesting its potential for hypercholesterolemia treatment.
Vitamin D<sub>3</sub>-fortified milk did not affect glycemic control, lipid profile, and anthropometric measures in patients with type 2 diabetes, a triple-blind randomized clinical trial; Background/objectives The effect of vitamin D on glycemic status of diabetes patients is controversial. The objective was to assess the effect of vitamin D-3-fortified milk on cardiometabolic markers of patients with type 2 diabetes. Subjects/methods In this randomized triple-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 102 patients (34 males and 68 females) aged 31-74 years with type 2 diabetes were randomized to receive either 250 ml unfortified or 250 ml 1000 IU vitamin D-3-fortified milk daily for 9 weeks. Anthropometric characteristics, blood pressure, and serum levels of glucose, insulin, and lipids were determined at baseline and after 9 weeks. Results Serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D concentrations improved in the fortified milk group compared to the control group (+14 +/- 20 vs. +4 +/- 17 ng/ml; P = 0.001). Both groups showed significant increases in serum calcium (P < 0.01) and decreases in total cholesterol, waist and hip circumference, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.001). Also, there was a significant reduction in body mass index of fortified milk group (P < 0.001). None of these changes were statistically significant between the two groups. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) significantly decreased in both groups with a more remarkable reduction in the plain milk consumers, making a significant between-group difference (7.5% compared to 3.1%; P = 0.01). Conclusions Overall, daily consumption of one cup of milk containing 1000 IU vitamin D-3 for 9 weeks substantially improved vitamin D deficiency in patients with type 2 diabetes but it did not affect cardiometabolic parameters over that of plain milk.
Effects of whey protein isolate on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in overweight and obese individuals; The health benefits currently associated with increased dairy intake may be attributable to the whey component of dairy proteins. The present study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in comparison to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals for 12 weeks. The subjects were randomised to whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. Fasting blood samples and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurements were taken. Seventy men and women with a mean age of 48.4 (SEM 0.86) years and a mean BMI of 31.3 (SEM 0.8) kg/m(2) completed the study. Subjects supplemented with whey protein had no significant change in body composition or serum glucose at 12 weeks compared with the control or casein group. Fasting TAG levels were significantly lowered in the whey group compared with the control group at 6 weeks (P=0.025) and 12 weeks (P=0.035). There was a significant decrease in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol at week 12 in the whey group compared with the casein (P=0.026 and 0.045, respectively) and control groups (P<0.001 and 0.003, respectively). Fasting insulin levels and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance scores were also significantly decreased in the whey group compared with the control group (P=0.049 and P=0.034, respectively). The present study demonstrated that supplementation with whey proteins improves fasting lipids and insulin levels in overweight and obese individuals.
Effect of cheese consumption on blood lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Context: Cheese may affect lipids and lipoproteins differently than other high-fat dairy foods. Objective: The present systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to evaluate randomized controlled trials that examined the effect of cheese consumption compared with another food product on blood lipids and lipoproteins. Data Sources: A systematic literature search of the MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, CAB Abstracts, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, and the clinicaltrials.gov website was performed. Study Selection: A total of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were identified that examined the effect of cheese consumption on blood lipids and lipoproteins in healthy adults. Data Extraction: A meta-analysis of 5 RCTs that compared the effects of hard cheese and butter, both of which had a similar ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids to saturated fatty acids (P/S ratio), was performed. Data Synthesis: Compared with butter intake, cheese intake (weighted mean difference: 145.0 g/d) reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) by 6.5% (-0.22mmol/l; 95% CI: -0.29 to -0.14) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) by 3.9% (-0.05mmol/l; 95% CI: -0.09 to -0.02) but had no effect on triglycerides. Compared with intake of tofu or fat-modified cheese, cheese intake increased total cholesterol or LDL-C, as was expected on the basis of the P/S ratio of the diets. There was insufficient data to compare intake of cheese with intake of other foods. Conclusion: Despite the similar P/S ratios of hard cheese and butter, consumption of hard cheese lowers LDL-C and HDL-C when compared with consumption of butter. Whether these findings can be attributed to calcium, specific types of saturated fatty acids, or the food matrix of cheese warrants further research.
Dietary patterns, cardiovascular risk factors and C-reactive protein in a healthy Italian population; Background and aims: Dietary habits have been associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. This study aimed at evaluating the association of non-predefined dietary patterns with CVD risk profile and C-reactive protein (CRP). Methods and results: We analyzed 7646 healthy subjects from the Moti-sani project, an on-going cross-sectional cohort study of men and women aged >= 35, randomly recruited from a general Italian population. The Italian EPIC food frequency questionnaire was used. Food patterns were generated using principal factor analysis (PFA) and reduced rank regression (RRR). Three dietary patterns were identified by PFA. The "Olive Oil and Vegetables" pattern, characterized by high intake of olive oil, vegetables, legumes, soups, fruits and fish, was associated with relatively lower values of glucose, lipids, CRP, blood pressure and individual global CVD risk score. The "Pasta and Meat" pattern, characterized by high intake of pasta, tomato sauce, red meat, animal fats and alcohol, was positively associated with glucose, lipids, CRP and CVD risk score. The "Eggs and Sweets" pattern, characterized by positive loadings of eggs, processed meat, margarines, butter, sugar and sweets, was associated with high values of CRP. The first RRR pattern was similar to the "Pasta and Meat" pattern both in composition and association with CVD risk profile. Conclusions: In a large healthy Italian population, non-predefined dietary patterns including foods considered to be rather unhealthy, were associated with higher levels of cardiovascular risk factors, CRP and individual global CVD risk, whereas a "prudent-healthy" pattern was associated with tower levels. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of Iron-deficiency Anaemia among University Students in Noakhali Region, Bangladesh; Iron-deficiency anaemia (IDA) is a common health problem in rural women and young children of Bangladesh. The university students usually take food from residential halls, and the food value of their diets is not always balanced. This cross-sectional study was conducted to estimate the prevalence of iron-deficiency anaemia among the university students of Noakhali region, Bangladesh. Haemoglobin level of 300 randomly-selected students was measured calorimetrically, using Sahli's haemoglobinometer during October to December 2011. Statistical analysis was done by using SPSS software for Windows (version 16) (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). In the study, 55.3% students were found anaemic, of whom 36.7% were male, and 63.3% were female. Students aged 20-22 years were more anaemic (43.4%) than other age-groups. Majority (51.3%) of male students showed their haemoglobin level in the range of 13-15 g/dL, followed by 26.0% and 21.3% with 10-12 g/dL and 16-18 g/dL respectively. Although 50.5% anaemic and 51.1% non-anaemic female students showed normal BMI-lower percentage than anaemic (60.7%) and non-anaemic (71.9%) male students, the underweight students were found more anaemic than the overweight and obese subjects. Regular breakfast-taking habit showed significant (p = 0.035, 95% CI 0.5-1.0) influence on IDA compared to non-regular breakfast takers. Consumption of meat, fish, poultry, eggs, or peanut butter regularly; junk food; multivitamins; and iron/iron-rich food showed insignificant (p = 0.097, 95% CI 0.5-1.1; p = 0.053, 95% CI 1.1-2.3; p = 0.148, 95% CI 0.6-1.2; and p = 0.487, 95% CI 0.7-1.4 respectively) role in provoking IDA. In the case of non-anaemic subjects, all of the above parameters were significant, except the junk food consumption (p = 0.342, 95% CI 0.5-1.2). Our study revealed that majority of university students, especially female, were anaemic that might be aggravated by food habit and lack of awareness. The results suggest that anaemia can be prevented by providing proper knowledge on the healthful diet, improved lifestyle, and harmful effect of anaemia to the students.
Effect of dairy consumption and its fat content on glycemic control and cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled study; Background: Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend the consumption of 3 servings/d of low-fat/nonfat dairy. The effects of higher dairy consumption and its fat content are unknown in patients with type 2 diabetes. Objective: Evaluate the impact of higher consumption of highcompared with low-fat dairy on glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), body weight, and cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: We enrolled 111 subjects with type 2 diabetes (aged 58.5 +/- 8.9 y, 47% females, diabetes duration 13.2 +/- 8.3 y, HbA1c 8.09 +/- 0.96%) who consumed <3 servings of dairy/d. We randomly assigned them into 3 groups: control group maintained baseline dairy intake, low-fat (LF) group incorporated >= 3 servings/d of LF dairy, and the high-fat (HF) group incorporated >= 3 servings/d of HF dairy. We evaluated HbA1c, body weight, BMI, body composition parameters, blood pressure (BP), lipid parameters, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and total energy and macronutrient intake at baseline, and after 12 and 24 wk. Results: At 24 wk, percent energy from saturated fat increased from baseline in the HF group by 3.6%, (95% CI: 2.2, 5.1) and decreased in the LF group by-1.9% (95% CI:-3.3,-0.4). The LF group increased their percent energy from protein by 4.5% (95% CI: 2.6, 6.4), whereas the HF group decreased their percent energy from carbohydrates by-3.4% (95% CI:-0.2,-6.7). There were no differences in the mean changes in HbA1c, body weight, BMI, body composition or lipid parameters, or BP between the 3 groups at 24 wk. Conclusion: In patients with type 2 diabetes, increased dairy consumption to =3 servings/d compared with <3 servings/d, irrespective of its fat content, while maintaining energy intake has no effect on HbA1c, body weight, body composition, lipid profile, or BP. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02895867.
Effect of Fenugreek Seeds on Blood Glucose and Lipid Profiles in Type 2 Diabetic Patients; Background: Recently use of herbal medicines, have been considered as an alternative for therapeutic usage. So. this study was undertaken to evaluate the hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of fenugreek seeds in type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: In a clinical trial study, 24 type 2 diabetic patients were placed on 10 grams/day powdered fenugreek seeds mixed with yoghurt or soaked in hot water for 8 weeks. Weight, FBS, HbAJC, total cholesterol, LDL, HDL and food record were measured before and after the study. The differences observed in food records, BMI and serum variables were analyzed using paired-t-test and t-student and P <= 0.05 was considered as significant. Results: After exclusion of 6 cases for changing in medication or personal problems, the results of 18 patients (11consumed fenugreek in hot water and 7 in yoghurt)were studied. Findings showed that FBS, TG and VLDL-C decreased significantly (25% 30% and 30.6% respectively) after taking fenugreek seed soaked in hot water whereas the-re were no significantly changes in lab parameters in cases consumed it mixed with yoghurt. BMI, Energy, Carbohydrate, Protein and fat intake remained unchanged during study. Conclusion: This study shows that fenugreek seeds can be used as an adjuvant in the control of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the form of soaked in hot water.
Effect of a monensin controlled release capsule on metabolic parameters in transition dairy cows; A prospective field study involving 251 Holstein cows and heifers from five dairy farms near Guelph, Ontario, Canada, was conducted to measure the effect of monensin delivered in a controlled release capsule 3 wk precalving on metabolic function in dairy cows immediately pre- and postcalving. At 3 wk before expected calving, cows were randomly assigned to receive either a controlled release capsule containing monensin or to serve as negative controls. Cows were blood sampled once per week precalving and once in the week following calving, at the same time of day and the same day of the week. Serum was evaluated for beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), nonesterified fatty acids ( NEFA), cholesterol, urea, glucose, calcium, and phosphorus. Monensin-treated cows had significantly decreased NEFA and BHBA and significantly increased concentrations of serum cholesterol and urea in the week immediately precalving. No effect of treatment was observed for calcium, phosphorus, or glucose in the precalving period. After calving, concentrations of phosphorus were lower and BHBA tended to be lower, and cholesterol and urea were higher in monensin-treated cows. There was no effect of treatment on NEFA, glucose, or calcium in the first week postcalving. Monensin treatment administered precalving significantly improved indicators of energy balance in both the immediate precalving and postcalving periods. The findings indicate better energy metabolism in monensin-treated cows as they approach calving. Improvement of energy balance before calving is important for the prevention of energy associated metabolic diseases, such as retained placenta, clinical ketosis, and displaced abomasum, which might occur immediately postcalving.
Association of the European Lactase Persistence Variant (LCT-13910 C&gt;T Polymorphism) with Obesity in the Canary Islands; Background: European lactose tolerance genotype (LCT -13910 C>T, rs4988234) has been positively associated to body mass indexes (BMI) in a meta-analysis of 31,720 individuals of northern and central European descent. A strong association of lactase persistence (LP) with BMI and obesity has also been traced in a Spanish Mediterranean population. The aim of this study was to analyze a potential association of LP compared to lactase non-persistence (LNP) with BMI in inhabitants of the Canary Islands of Spain using Mendelian randomization. Methods: A representative, randomly sampled population of adults belonging to the Canary Islands Nutrition Survey (ENCA) in Spain, aged 18-75 years (n = 551), was genotyped for the LCT - 13910 C>T polymorphism. Milk consumption was assessed by a validated questionnaire. Anthropometric variables were directly measured. WHO classification of BMI was used. Results: LP individuals were significantly more obese than LNP subjects (chi(2) = 10.59; p < 0.005). LP showed in a multivariate linear regression analysis showed a positive association of LP with BMI compared to LNP, (beta = 0.96; 95% CI: 0.08-1.85, p = 0.033). In a multinomial logistic regression analysis normal range weight LP subjects showed an odds ratio for obesity of 2.41; 95% CI 1.39-418, (p = 0.002) compared to LNP. Conclusions: The T-13910 of the allele LCT-13910 C>T polymorphism is positively associated with BMI. LP increases significantly the risk to develop obesity in the studied population. The LCT-13910 C>T polymorphism stands proxy for the lifetime exposure pattern, milk intake, that may increase susceptibility to obesity and to obesity related pathologies.
Effects of Dietary Supplementation of <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae </i>on Milk Production, Oxidative Stress, and Blood Metabolites of Holstein Dairy Cows during Summer Season; The effects of dietary live Saccharomyces cerevisiae as a probiotic on milk production, oxidant/antioxidant status, and lipid metabolism of Holstein dairy cows through the transition and early lactation period during the summer season were investigated. Twelve lactating multiparous dairy cows were randomly allocated to two dietary treatments (n=6) including a control and probiotic-fed groups. Blood samples were collected on days-21, 0, 14, 28, 42, 60 days relative to parturition and analyzed for calcium, iron, cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, total antioxidant capacity, malondialdehyde, and albumin. Serum concentrations of triglycerides, cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein were lower in the probiotic-fed cows compared to those offered the control diet. Albumin concentration did not differ be-tween the groups. The contents of total antioxidant capacity and high-density lipoprotein in the yeast-fed group was greater than the control group (P=0.01 and 0.02, respectively). In addition, serum calcium and iron tended to be higher in the yeast-fed group (P=0.08). Malondialdehyde level did not change between groups, but there was a decrease at calving time in the probiotic-fed group. Yeast-fed cows produced more milk and had higher concentrations of milk fat and non-fat solids than control cows (P < 0.05). Rectal temperature was lower in the probiotic-fed group on parturition day. In conclusion, dietary supplementation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae in dairy cows may be a beneficial strategy to alleviate the heat stress and improve the antioxidative defense system and milk production during the transition and the early lactating period.
CHOLESTEROL CONTENT OF CHOCOLATES; The amount of cholesterol has been examined out of 26 chocolates and 1 3 milk chocolates which were selected at random in France. The chocolates are divided into two groups: 22 samples are statistically found to be homogeneous, with a variation limit of 0.95 to 1.61, with a mean value x = 1.28 mg of cholesterol in 1 00 g of chocolate, with probability p = 0.05. The percentage of cholesterol in the extracted fat from these chocolates remains in the observed limit for cocoa butter. Only 4 samples were found to be an abnormal with a high percentage of cholesterol (3 to 6 mg:100 g chocolate). These samples probably may contain, small quantity of milk fat to ensure better shelf-life of chocolates. The chocolate (without addition milk fat) shows a very low percentage of cholesterol in comparison with their consommation, for example, 100 g of chocolate per day modify the daily dietary ration in cholesterol in the order of 4 per thousand. For all chocolates, a linear correlation has been established between their quantity of milk fat and their percentage of cholesterol. The percentage of cholesterol in milk chocolates presents an arithmetic variation of 14.8 to 22.8 with a mean value of 18.2 mg of cholesterol per 100 g of chocolate.
Lifestyle changes to prevent cardio- and cerebrovascular disease at midlife: A systematic review; Cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases are leading causes of death and morbidity in ageing populations. While numerous cohort studies show inverse associations of presumably healthy lifestyles and cardiovascular risk factors, the causal link to many modifiable behaviors is still insufficiently evidence-based. Because of bias of studies and heterogeneity of results, we performed a systematic review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials and observational studies on lifestyle patterns including nutrition, physical activity, smoking, and weight versus incidence and mortality of cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases. A search string retrieved 624 references in PubMed covering the last five years. Two researchers screened titles and abstracts independently but with equivalent results. Nineteen references met the inclusion criteria. Results affirm that high adherence to plant-based diets, including components such as fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, low-fat dairy, olive oil, nuts, and low intake of sodium, sweetened beverages, alcohol, and red and processed meats, results in lower risk of vascular outcomes in a dose-dependent manner. Physical activity quantified as walking pace or cardiorespi-ratory fitness yielded an inverse effect on stroke. Health measures such as smoking status, BMI and increase in body weight are associated with substantial risk of the incidence of and mortality from cardio-and cerebro-vascular diseases, while strong adherence to an overall prudent lifestyle lowered the risk of cardiovascular disease by 66 % and that stroke by 60 %. In summary, increasing numbers of and adherence to health behaviors may markedly lower the burden of cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases. However, future research should focus on randomized controlled trials to test for causal relationships.
Plant stanol esters in low-fat yogurt reduces total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein oxidation in normocholesterolemic and mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects; We examined the effects of plant stanol ester contained in low-fat yogurt on serum lipids and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation in Korean young adults with normocholesterolemia and mild hypercholesterolemia. After screening tests (fasting total cholesterol, 174 to 251 mg/dL; and fasting triacylglycerols, < 266 mg/dL), 51 subjects (28.7 +/- 0.7 years, 22.6 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2)) were included in the study and randomly assigned to a group receiving yogurt with either a plant stanol ester or a placebo. Four weeks' intake of plant stanol (2 g/d) as its fatty acid ester lowered total and LDL cholesterol levels by almost 6% and 10%, respectively, without affecting high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations. Plasma oxidized LDL was also reduced by 5.4% in the test group. Serum beta-carotene and retinol were unchanged in both groups; however, lipid-corrected serum alpha-tocopherol was significantly increased in the test group (P < .05) We conclude that plant stanol ester contained in low-fat yogurt may be effective in reducing total and LDL cholesterol and oxidized LDL level in a habitual diet without restriction of fat and cholesterol intake. Foods containing plant sterols or stanols might be a useful tool for normocholesterolemic and mildly hypercholesterolemic individuals to prevent more severe hypercholesterolemia and cardiovascular disease. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Partly Replacing Meat Protein with Soy Protein Alters Insulin Resistance and Blood Lipids in Postmenopausal Women with Abdominal Obesity; Increasing protein intake and soy consumption appear to be promising approaches to prevent metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the effect of soy consumption on insulin resistance, glucose homeostasis, and other characteristics of MetS is not frequently studied in humans. We aimed to investigate the effects of a 4-wk, strictly controlled, weight-maintaining, moderately high-protein diet rich in soy on insulin sensitivity and other cardiometabolic risk factors. We performed a randomized crossover trial of 2 4-wk diet periods in 15 postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity to test diets with 22 energy percent (En%) protein, 27 En% fat, and 50 En% carbohydrate. One diet contained protein of mixed origin (mainly meat, dairy, and bread), and the other diet partly replaced meat with soy meat analogues and soy nuts containing 30 g/d soy protein. For our primary outcome, a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) was performed at the end of both periods. Plasma total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, and C-reactive protein were assessed, and blood pressure, arterial stiffness, and intrahepatic lipid content were measured at the start and end of both periods. Compared with the mixed-protein diet, the soy-protein diet resulted in greater insulin sensitivity [FSIGT: insulin sensitivity, 34 +/- 29 vs. 22 +/- 17 (mU/L)(-1) min, P = 0.048; disposition index, 4974 +/- 2543 vs. 2899 +/- 1878, P = 0.038; n = 111. Total cholesterol was 4% lower after the soy-protein diet than after the mixed-protein diet (4.9 +/- 0.7 vs. 5.1 +/- 0.6 mmol/L, P = 0.001), and LDL cholesterol was 9% lower (2.9 +/- 0.7 vs. 3.2 +/- 0.6 mmol/L, P = 0.004; n = 15). Thus, partly replacing meat with soy in a moderately high-protein diet has clear advantages regarding insulin sensitivity and total and LDL cholesterol. Therefore, partly replacing meat products with soy products could be important in preventing MetS. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01694056.
Lysine levels in diets for lactating sows; Sixty-five crossbred sows (Landrace x Large White) averaging 217.36 +/- 21.35 kg were used to evaluate increasing dietary total lysine levels (0.950, 1.025, 1.100, 1.175, and 1.250%) during 21 days of lactation. The experiment was analyzed as a randomized block design, with five treatments, 13 replicates of one sow per experimental unit. The daily total feed intake was fixed for all treatments. The dietary lysine levels did not affect sow weight at weaning, body weight loss, backfat thickness (BT), BT change, body fat loss, number of weaned piglets per litter and weaning-to-estrus interval. However, there was a linear decrease on body protein loss expressed as kg and percentage and on daily milk production of sows, as the dietary lysine levels increased. The treatments affected litter weight gain, that decreased linearly. The results of this work showed that sows fed decreasing lysine levels retained significant amounts of body protein reserve to maintain their productive performance. However, the protein mobilization of these animals (2.2 kg corresponding to 6.45% of body protein loss) was not enough to affect the productive and reproductive performance. It was concluded that a daily total lysine intake of 45 g, correspondent of 40 g of digestible lysine meets the requirements for productive and reproductive performance of lactating sows and that they require 58.9 g of estimate total lysine/day, that corresponds to 53.5 g/day of digestible lysine to minimize body protein loss during the lactation.
Effects of a milk product, fermented by Lactobacillus acidophilus and with fructo-oligosaccharides added, on blood lipids in male volunteers; Objective: To investigate in adult male volunteers the effect of a new fermented milk product, fermented by Lactobacillus acidophilus and with fructo-oligosaccharides added, on blood lipids. Design: Randomized placebo-controlled double-blind two-way cross over trial with two treatment periods of three weeks, separated by a wash-out period of one week. Setting: the study was performed at the TNO Nutrition and Food Research Institute in Zeist, The Netherlands. Subjects: Thirty normal healthy men, aged 33-64 y (mean serum total cholesterol level: 5.23 +/- 1.03 (s.d.)), were selected for this study. Normal health was assessed by pre study screening. All subjects were used to an average Dutch food pattern. Interventions: During the treatment periods subjects consumed three times daily a 125 ml of either test or reference product as a part of their habitual diet. The test product was a milk, fermented by yogurt starters and Lactobacillus acidophilus, and contained 2.5% fructo-oligosaccharides, 0.5% vegetable oil and 0.5% milk fat. The reference product was a traditional yogurt (milk fermented only by yogurt strains), containing 1% milk fat. Blood samples for serum lipid analysis and blood glucose measurements were taken before the start of the experiment and at the end of both treatment periods. Results: As compared to the reference product, consumption of the test product resulted in significantly lower values for serum total cholesterol (P < 0.001), LDL-cholesterol (P < 0.005), and the LDL/HDL-ratio (P < 0.05) by 4.4, 5.4 and 5.3% respectively. Levels of serum HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides and blood glucose remained essentially unchanged. The beneficial effects of the test product on serum cholesterol were largely;elated to an increase of this parameter during the consumption of the reference product. Conclusions: As compared to traditional yogurt, daily consumption of three times 125 ml of test product specifically lowered serum LDL-cholesterol levels in normal healthy male adult subjects with borderline elevated levels of serum total cholesterol within three weeks.
Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B contributes to lower energy intake and body weight reduction, in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized clinical trial; Yoghurt naturally contains vitamins of B-complex which play a central role in energy metabolism. This study investigates the effects of consumption of yoghurt enriched with vitamins B, in comparison with conventional yoghurt, on body weight management and glycemic control of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Thirty-three overweight/obese patients (BMI 27-36 kg m(-2)) were randomized into two groups receiving two servings of non-fat yoghurt per day, either strawberry-flavored enriched with vitamins B1, B5 and B6 (VY) or conventional (CY) for 12 weeks. At the beginning and the end of the dietary intervention, anthropometric characteristics, biochemical parameters, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interleukin-1b (IL-1b), vitamins B and homocysteine concentrations were determined. Dietary assessments were also performed. At the end of the intervention, body weight and BMI were reduced in the VY group (86.5 +/- 3.1 vs. 87.7 +/- 3.0 kg, and 29.2 +/- 1.0 vs. 29.6 +/- 0.9 kg m(-2), respectively, P < 0.05) and dietary intake was lower compared to the CY group (7277.6 +/- 332.6 vs. 9918.2 +/- 612.1 kJ day(-1), P < 0.05). HbA(1c) was marginally reduced in the VY group (6.2 +/- 0.2 vs. 6.4 +/- 0.3%, P = 0.08), concentrations of B1, B2 and B6 were increased (63.8 +/- 5.6 vs. 52.8 +/- 1.7 mu g L-1, P = 0.09, 9.2 +/- 1.5 vs. 6.9 +/- 1.4 mu g L-1, P < 0.05 and 23.0 +/- 2.8 vs. 14.9 +/- 1.2 mu g L-1, P < 0.05, respectively) and a trend towards reduced homocysteine concentrations was observed (16.9 +/- 1.7 vs. 18.3 +/- 2.0 mu mol L-1, P = 0.06). IL-6 was decreased in both groups but significantly in the CY group (1.33 +/- 0.13 vs. 1.67 +/- 0.63 pg mL(-1), P < 0.05). Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B facilitates body weight management and improves vitamins B status and homocysteine levels in overweight/obese T2DM patients.
DIVERGENT LIPOPROTEIN RESPONSES TO FISH OILS WITH VARIOUS RATIOS OF EICOSAPENTAENOIC ACID AND DOCOSAHEXAENOIC ACID; To determine if the ratio of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids in fish oil had an effect on plasma lipid responses, were randomly fed eight normolipidemic men three 36%-fat diets containing primarily butter, EPA-rich pollock oil, or DHA-rich tuna or salmon-blend oils. Plasma EPA and DHA reflected the amounts in the diets. Compared with values for the butter diet, very-low density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides decreased equally (71-78%) with all diets; low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B decreased 26% and 13%, respectively, on the tuna and salmon-blend oil but did not change (-1%) and increased 19% with the pollock diet; higher density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and lipoproteins A-I and A-II decreased with all diets but more with the pollock diet than with the tuna and salmon diets. The 23-31% decrease in total cholesterol on the tuna and salmon diets resulted mostly from decreased LDL-C whereas the 16% decrease on pollock oil resulted mostly from a decrease in HDL-C.
Mechanistic roles for calcium and vitamin D in the regulation of body weight; Low intakes of calcium and inadequate vitamin D status often cluster with higher prevalence rates of obesity. Consequently, there has been much interest in the mechanisms by which calcium and vitamin D could regulate body weight and adiposity. This review has focused on randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that have manipulated these nutrients and studied pathways of energy balance. Overall, there is consistent evidence that calcium and vitamin D increase whole body fat oxidation after single and multiple meals, and that calcium promotes a modest energy loss through increased faecal fat excretion. The evidence is equivocal for a greater diet-induced thermogenesis, increased lipolysis, suppression of key lipogenic enzymes, decreased hunger ratings or reduced energy/macronutrient intake. Emerging evidence suggests a potential improvement in insulin sensitivity following vitamin D that would impinge on food intake and substrate oxidation. However, the very few RCTs on supplemental vitamin D and energy balance have not explored postprandial avenues of the hormone's actions. Future efforts in this area need to define the threshold intake of these nutrients that would maximize metabolic and gastrointestinal outcomes. Such studies would provide a platform for endorsing the non-skeletal role of calcium and vitamin D in human pathophysiology.
Comparison of a carbohydrate-rich diet and diets rich in stearic of palmitic acid in NIDDM patients - Effects on lipids, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure; OBJECTIVE - To compare the effects on lipid levels, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure of two diets rich in one of the two quantitatively most important saturated fatty acids, stearic and palmitic acid, with a carbohydrate-rich diet in NIDDM patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 15 NIDDM patients participated in a randomized crossover study with three 3-week diet interventions separated by 2-week washout periods. Patients started with a diet rich in stearic acid (44 E% [percent of total energy] Eat [13 E% stearic acid], 40 E% carbohydrate, 15 E% protein), palmitic acid (45 E% fat [16 E% palmitic acid], 40 E% carbohydrate, 15 E% protein), or carbohydrate (29 E% fat, 51 E% carbohydrate, and 18 E% protein), then were shifted to the other two diets in a randomized block design. At the start and end of each intervention period, fasting blood samples were drawn for analysis of lipids and blood glucose. In addition, diurnal blood pressure was measured. RESULTS - At the end of the 3-week interventions, total cholesterol was significantly higher after the palmitic acid-rich diet than after the stearic acid-rich or carbohydrate-rich diets (5.3 +/- 1.3 vs. 5.0 +/- 1.2 and 4.9 +/- 1.2 mmol/l, respectively; P = 0.03). No significant differences in triglyceride, LDL, or HDL cholesterol levels were seen after the three intervention diets. No difference in effects between the diet periods were seen for fructosamine, HbA(1c), fasting blood glucose, or diurnal blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS - For the first time, it has been demonstrated that a diet rich in palmitic acid was not as effective in lowering cholesterol levels as carbohydrate-rich and stearic acid-rich diets in NIDDM patients. No deleterious effects were seen on diurnal blood pressure, triglyceride levels, and glycemic control. Development of foods containing stearic acid rather than the more atherogenic saturated fatty acids may allow a wider choice of acceptable foods to NIDDM patients.
Effect of free plant sterols in low-fat milk on serum lipid profile in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Objective: To determine the effect of nonesterified, nonhydrogenated plant sterols solubilized in a partly vegetable oil-filled low-fat milk on serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) in mildly hypercholesterolemic patients. Design: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled three-arm crossover study. Setting: Outpatient clinical trial. Subjects: A total of 138 patients were screened, providing 81 patients for randomization; 71 patients completed the study. Interventions: The study product was a 500 ml milk blend with or without nonesterified, nonhydrogenated sterols. The daily consumption of sterols in the three groups was 0 g/day, control group ( C); 1.2 g/day, (Lo); or 1.6 g/day, ( Hi), respectively. The patients were randomly assigned to one of three different treatment sequences. Each intervention period was 4 weeks. The total study duration was 12 weeks. Results: The milk product was well tolerated. The placebo-adjusted mean reduction in LDL was 7.13 +/- 12.31 and 9.59 +/- 12.44% (mean +/-s.d.) for Lo and Hi groups, respectively ( P<0.0001); there was no statistically significant difference in LDL lowering for the Lo and Hi groups. There were no significant changes in serum vitamin E or carotenoid concentrations after standardization with LDL cholesterol during the study period. Conclusion: The present study shows for the first time a substantial reduction in LDL cholesterol with a new, partly vegetable oil-filled 1.2% low-fat milk product, containing nonesterified plant sterols from soybean oil, in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial. This result encourages further development of novel low-fat dairy products containing free plant sterols for future use in cholesterol-lowering initiatives. Sponsorship: The study was financed by Nestec Ltd, Switzerland.
Association of dietary patterns with insulin resistance and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis in apparently healthy people; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary habits are important determinants of individual cardiovascular and metabolic risk. This study investigated the association between dietary patterns and asymptomatic carotid atherosclerosis, defined as the presence of plaques and/or increased intima media thickness, and metabolic biomarkers of insulin resistance, including the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the trygliceride/high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (Tg/HDL) ratio in a cohort of adults without known diabetes or atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Nine hundred and twenty-nine randomly selected participants were cross-sectionally investigated. Each participant answered a food frequency questionnaire, and underwent high-resolution ultrasonographic evaluation of both carotid arteries. Laboratory blood measurements were obtained in a subsample of 507 participants. RESULTS: A dietary pattern that could be defined as unhealthy (high consumption of soft drinks, fried foods, seed oils, cured meats, butter, red meat and sweets) was identified in 21% of the cohort, whereas 34% of the cohort exhibited a dietary pattern that resembled the Mediterranean diet (high intakes of fruit, milk and cheese, olive oil, vegetables, pasta and bread). Intermediate habits characterized the remaining 45%. After adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1)c) and hypertension on treatment, the Mediterranean dietary pattern was associated with significantly lower HOMA-IR (beta-coefficient = - 0.51; P= 0.003). After adjusting for gender, BMI and HbA(1)c, the unhealthy dietary pattern was associated with a significantly higher Tg/HDL-cholesterol ratio (beta-coefficient = 0.43; P= 0.006). No significant association was found between dietary patterns and carotid atherosclerosis. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that, independent of measures of adiposity, a Mediterranean dietary pattern is associated with lower insulin resistance.
Effects of in-feed clinoptilolite treatment on serum metabolic and antioxidative biomarkers and acute phase response in dairy cows during pregnancy and early lactation; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of in-feed clinoptilolite (CPL) on serum metabolic and antioxidative biomarkers, acute phase proteins and reproductive performance in cows during pregnancy and lactation. A total of 78 Holstein-Friesian cows were randomly assigned into two groups: the treatment group, cows fed CPL (n = 38) which received 50 g of powdered CPL twice a day from day 180 before parturition to day 60 postpartum; and the control group (n = 40). Blood samples were taken on days 180, 90, 60, 30 and 10 before parturition, on day of calving and on days 5, 12, 19, 26, 33, 40 and 60 postpartum, and were analysed for metabolic biomarkers: glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, non-esterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), antioxidative biomarkers and acute phase proteins: paraoxonase-1 (PON1), apolipoprotein A-I, haptoglobin (Hp) and serum amyloid A (SAA). CPL supplementation increased concentration of glucose and significantly decreased (P < .05) level of BHB during puerperium. The SAA concentration in CPL-fed cows was significantly decreased (P < .05) on days 33, 40 and 60 postpartum as well as Hp concentration on days 0 and 12 postpartum. The results of this study suggest that the CPL-fed cows may have improved metabolic status due to the tendency of greater glucose levels and decreased BHB values during early lactation. In addition, acute phase response was lower (P < .05) in CPL-fed cows. Such an outcome might be attributed to the effect of dietary CPL on intensity and severity of the negative energy balance and inflammatory response in dairy cows.
Effects of methionine plus cysteine inclusion on performance and body composition of liquid-fed crossbred calves fed a commercial milk replacer and no starter feed; This experiment aimed to evaluate the effects of supplying 4 different inclusion levels of Met Cys to crossbred liquid-fed calves on animal performance and body composition. Thirty-six Holstein-Gyr male calves were separated into 2 age groups: 16 calves, slaughtered at an age of 30 d, representing the physiological phase from 8 to 30 d, and 20 calves, slaughtered at an age of 60 d, representing the physiological phase from 30 to 60 d. At 8 d of age, the animals were randomly distributed among the experimental treatments: 4 Met + Cys inclusion levels (Met + Cys: 8.0, 8.7, 9.4, and 10.2 g/d), provided by an AA supplement added to 1.0 kg (as fed) of commercial milk replacer containing soy protein concentrate and wheat protein isolate reconstituted at 13.8% (dry matter basis). The diet was supplied without allowing leftovers and no starter feed was provided. The experimental diets were supplied without allowing orts, so that the dry matter, crude protein, and ether extract intakes were the same for all animals, independent of Met + Cys level. Total weight gain, average daily gain, gain composition, and body composition were evaluated for both age groups separately. Digestibility of organic matter, crude protein, and ether extract was lower for 8 to 30 d than for 30 to 60 d. The effect of Met + Cys levels on the digestibility of nutrients was not observed; there also was no significant interaction between physiological phase and Met + Cys levels. For the 8 to 30 d group, no responses in performance were observed according to the different Met + Cys levels, which indicates that 8.0 g/d of Met + Cys met the requirements for this physiological phase. The 30 to 60 d group responded positively to higher Met + Cys inclusion in the diet. In conclusion, an optimal Met + Cys dietary level to ensure best performance and protein gain ranges from 8.41 to 9.81 g/d.
Low dairy calcium intake is associated with overweight and elevated blood pressure in Polish adults, notably in premenopausal women; Objective: Dietary Ca is now being recognized to play an important role not only in skeletal integrity, but also in the regulation of energy and metabolism. The aim of the present study was to estimate the relationship of dairy Ca intake with BMI and blood pressure (BP) in a sample derived from the Polish population. Design: Ca intake was calculated from an interviewer-administered semiquantitative FFQ. BMI was calculated from measured weight and height, and BP was measured by a physician. Setting: Cross-sectional epidemiological study on osteoporosis risk factors in Poland. Subjects: Randomly selected healthy adult persons (n 1259; 750 women and 509 men). Results: Dairy Ca intake was significantly lower in individuals with overweight/obesity (BMI >= 25.00 kg/m(2)) and/or with elevated BP (systolic/diastolic >= 140/ >= 90 mmHg) than in those with normal body mass and BP, respectively. Ca intake was negatively correlated with BMI (r =-0.12, P < 0.001), systolic BP (r=- 0.11, P< 0.001) and diastolic BP (r=- 0 . 08, P< 0 . 01). Daily dairy Ca intake below 1000mg was a predictor for BMI >= 25.0 kg/m(2) (OR= 1 . 44, P< 0.005). This relationship was stronger in women, particularly premenopausal women. Conclusions: The obtained results indicate the role of low dairy Ca intake in the development of obesity and hypertension, notably in premenopausal women.
INFLUENCE OF THE INITIAL INOCULUM AND THE TIME OF FERMENTATION ON THE ANTIBACTERIAL ACTIVITY OF KEFIR BEVERAGE; Several studies have demonstrated that kefir beverage possesses antimicrobial, immunostimulating, antitumour and cholesterol-lowering properties. The antibacterial activity of kefir is a function of the metabolic properties of the microbial community involved in the grains. Many factors influence the antimicrobial activity and the number of the microorganisms from the different groups. The effect of the initial inoculum and the time of fermentation on the antibacterial activity of ten kefir grains of different origin were studied by completely randomized design. It was found that the inoculum of 5% and duration of the fermentation of 24 h were optimal for the expression of highest antibacterial activity. The spectrum of this activity depended on the origin of the kefir grains and related to the number of lactococci. Serratia marscensens, Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus were less sensitive to the kefir supernatant than Klebsiella pneumoniae and Salmonnella enterica which were only inhibited by the native supernatants of some kefirs. No activity against Pseudomonas fluorescens was detected.
The influence of dietary and supplemental calcium on postprandial effects of a high-fat meal on lipaemia, glycaemia, C-reactive protein and adiponectin in obese women; Non-fasting hypertriacylglycerolaemia is a risk factor for CVD and the amount of fat in a meal seems to be the main factor influencing postprandial lipaemia. Although several studies suggest that Ca can increase faecal fat excretion, it is not known whether Ca can decrease postprandial TAG. This study aimed to evaluate the influence of dietary Ca (DC) and supplemental Ca (SC) on lipaemia, glucose metabolism, C-reactive protein (CRP) and adiponectin during postprandial period in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal. In this cross-over controlled trial, sixteen obese women aged 20-50 years were randomly assigned to receive three test meals (approximately 2900 kJ; 48 % fat): high DC (547 mg DC), high SC (HSCM; 500 mg SC-calcium carbonate) and low Ca (42 mg DC). Blood samples were collected in the fasting period and at minutes 120 and 240 after meals to evaluate total cholesterol and fractions, TAG, glucose, insulin, high-sensitivity CRP and adiponectin. Serum levels of TAG and insulin increased significantly after all test meals. Only after HSCM total cholesterol did not present a significant increase and LDL-cholesterol had a significant decrease. Postprandial glucose, HDL-cholesterol, CRP and adiponectin did not present significant changes after the three test meals. The comparative analysis of the effects of the three test meals on serum lipids, glucose, insulin, CRP and adiponectin revealed no significant meal-by-time interaction. These results suggest that in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal DC and SC do not interfere with postprandial lipaemia, glucose metabolism, CRP and adiponectin.
CHOLESTEROL-LOWERING EFFECT OF SKIM MILK FROM IMMUNIZED COWS IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC PATIENTS; The effect of skim milk from cows immunized against a variety of human intestinal bacteria on serum cholesterol concentrations was examined in 11 patients with primary hypercholesterolemia in a 24-wk, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study. After a 4-wk baseline period, patients were treated for 8 wk either with skim milk from immunized cows (active) or with control skim milk (placebo) followed by an 8-wk period with the treatment order reversed. Eight weeks of active  treatment with skim milk from immunized cows reduced serum total cholesterol concentrations by 0.52 .+-. 0.59 mmol/L (.hivin.x .+-. SD: P < 0.025), or 8%, LDL cholesterol by 0.16 .+-. 0.59 mmol/L (NS), or 4%, and the atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol) by 0.42 .+-. 1.85 (P < 0.05), or 8%, compared with the placebo treatment. Reversal of the favorable development occurred upon cessation of active treatment. We conclude that daily supplementation of a normal diet with skim milk from  immunized cows can result in a significant reduction of elevated blood cholesterol concentrations.
Effects of butter oil blends with increased concentrations of stearic, oleic and linolenic acid on blood lipids in young adults; Objective: The aim of this present project was to evaluate a more satisfactory effect on plasma lipoprotein profile of spreads based on dairy fat. Design: This study was designed as a randomised cross-over experiment with a three-week treatment separated by a three-week wash-out period. Sixty five grams of the fat content of the habitual diets was replaced by either butter/grapeseed oil (90: 10) (BG); butter oil and low erucic rapeseed oil (65 :35) (BR) or butter blended in a 1 : 1 ratio with a interesterified mixture of rapeseed oil and fully hydrogenated rapeseed oil (70:30) (BS). Subjects: Thirteen healthy free-living young men (age 21-26 y) fulfilled the study. Interventions: At the beginning and end of each diet period two venous blood samples were collected. Triacylglycerol and cholesterol concentrations in total plasma and VLDL, LDL, IDL and HDL fractions were measured, as were apo A-I and apo B concentrations. Fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids, plasma cholesterol ester and platelets was also determined. Results: Significantly (P < 0.05) lower total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were observed after the BR and BS period, compared to BG. The effect of BR and BS did not differ. BG and BR resulted in equal concentrations of HDL-C, but significantly higher than BS. Consequently, a significantly lower LDL-C/HDL-C ratio was seen after the BR treatment compared to BG and BS. Apo A-1 concentrations were not significantly different, but Apo B was significantly increased after BG. Conclusions: Partially replacing milk Fat with rapeseed oil seems to yield a more healthy spread. Stearic acid had a HDL-C lowering effect compared to milk fat, but did not affect LDL-C significantly. The addition of stearic acid did not improve the plasma lipoprotein profile for young men with low cholesterol levels.
Vitamin D<sub>3</sub>-Supplemented Yogurt Drink Improves Insulin Resistance and Lipid Profiles in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Double Blinded Clinical Trial; Background: Our study aimed to examine the effects of daily consumption of vitamin D-3-supplemented yogurt (VDY) drink on insulin resistance and lipid profiles in pregnant gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients. Methods: Participants aged 24-32 years in their second trimester were randomly assigned to consume either plain yogurt or VDY daily for 16 weeks. Metabolic and lipid profiles including levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum insulin, triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) were assessed at baseline (week 0) and end of trial (week 16). Results: After 16 weeks of intervention, insulin-related variables including FPG and serum insulin levels were markedly lower in VDY group participants. Insulin resistance parameters, such as homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance and beta cell function, were also significantly reduced in VDY group participants. Moreover, levels of TAG, TC and LDL, as well as the TC to high-density lipoprotein ratio, had also significantly decreased in the VDY group. Conclusion: Daily consumption of VDY drink improves insulin resistance and lipid profiles in women with GDM. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Birth weight; postnatal, infant, and childhood growth; and obesity in young adulthood: evidence from the Barry Caerphilly Growth Study; Background: Birth weight has been shown to be positively associated with adult obesity, but relatively few studies have examined the associations with growth in specific periods of early childhood. Objective: The objective was to assess the association of measures of growth between birth and 5 y of age with adult measures of adiposity. Design: We conducted a longitudinal study of young adults from Barry and Caerphilly, United Kingdom, who had previously taken part between 1972 and 1974 in a randomized controlled trial of milk supplementation. We reexamined 679 men and women (72% of the target population) to measure body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, sagittal abdominal diameter, and waist circumference. Results: An increase in weight velocity from 1 y and 9 mo to 5 y of age was the most important predictor of BMI, waist circumference, and sagittal abdominal diameter. A z-score increase in weight gain in this period was associated with an increase in BMI of 1.13 (95% CI: 0.69,1.57; P < 0.001). Infant weight gain from 5 mo to I y and 9 mo was the strongest predictor of waist-to-hip ratio (0.51; 95% CI: 0.00, 1.02; P = 0.05). Conclusions: Birth weight does not predict adiposity on the basis of weight gain in childhood. The association between adult adiposity and weight gain in different periods is variable and depends on the measure of adiposity that is used. It remains unclear whether early childhood is the optimum period in the life course for the primary prevention of adult adiposity.
The effectiveness of long-term supplementation of carbohydrate, chromium, fibre and caffeine on weight maintenance; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether supplementation of carbohydrate, chromium, dietary fibre and caffeine is effective for maintenance of weight-toss in the long-term. DESIGN: A longitudinal, double-blind, randomly assigned intervention study of 16 months with supplementation of either 50g of carbohydrates (CHO), 200 mu g chromium-picolinate (Cr-Pic), 20g of soluble fibre plus 100 mg caffeine(CHO +) or 50g of plain CHO, for 16 months besides a very low energy diet (VLED) during the first two months. SUBJECTS: Thirtythree female obese subjects (age, 34.8 +/- 7.0 y; body weight (BW): 85.5 +/- 10.0 kg; body mass index (BMI) 31.2 +/- 3.7 kg.m(-2)) participated, 13 subjects were supplemented with CHO +, 11 subjects were supplemented with CHO and 9 subjects served as a control group. MEASUREMENTS: BW, body composition, energy intake and blood parameters were measured before the VLED (0), after the VLED at 2 months (2), and at 4, 10 and 16 months. RESULTS: The amount and course of relapse of BW was equal for the supplemented and control groups. The average regain at 16 months (the weight gained as a percentage of the total weight loss during the VLED) was 66.1 +/- 81.2%, and was not different between the groups. No differences in body composition were found between the groups at 16 months. The CHO supplements resulted in significantly elevated energy percentage (50 %) intake of CHO daily, in both supplemented groups, although this did not result in less regain. Pearson correlation analysis for all subjects revealed that the more fat consumed, the more regain was found at 16 months (r = 0.41, P < 0.05). A high CHO consumption was correlated with less regain (r = -0.40, P = 0.05). Furthermore, chromium intake did not result in significant changes in blood parameters and body composition. CONCLUSION: Although additional supplementation of CHO, chromium, dietary fibre and caffeine intake did not affect BW, the En % CHO dairy was increased significantly. Our results indicate that a high En % intake of CHO and a low En % intake of fat daily is beneficial for prevention of weight regain.
The 2006 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part II - Therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the management of hypertension in adults. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence from randomized, controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials was preferentially reviewed. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. For lifestyle interventions, blood pressure (BP) lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long-term morbidity/mortality data in this field. For treatment of patients with kidney disease, the development of proteinuria or worsening of kidney function was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome. EVIDENCE: MEDLINE searches were conducted from November 2004 to October 2005 to update the 2005 recommendations. In addition, reference lists were scanned and experts were contacted to identify additional published studies. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: Lifestyle modifications to prevent and/or treat hypertension include the following: perform 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven days per week; maintain a healthy body weight (body mass index of 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (less than 102 cm for men and less than 88 cm for women); limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 standard drinks per week in men or nine standard drinks per week in women; follow a diet that is reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol and that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products; restrict salt intake; and consider stress management in selected individuals. Treatment thresholds and targets should take into account each individual's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and comorbid conditions. BP should be lowered to less than 140/90 mmHg in all patients, and to less than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease (regardless of the degree of proteinuria). Most adults with hypertension require more than one agent to achieve these target BPs. For adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for diastolic hypertension with or without systolic hypertension include beta-blockers (in those younger than 60 years), angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (in nonblack patients), long-acting calcium channel blockers or angiotensin receptor antagonists. Other agents for first-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension include long-acting dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers or angiotensin receptor antagonists. Certain comorbid conditions provide compelling indications for first-line use of other agents: in patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction or heart failure, beta-blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or angiotensin receptor antagonists (or in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers) are appropriate first-line therapies-, and in patients with nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors are recommended. All hypertensive patients should have their fasting lipids screened, and those with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents recommended by the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Working Group on the management of dyslipidemia and the prevention of cardiovascular disease. Selected patients with hypertension, but without dyslipidemia, should also receive statin therapy and/or acetylsalicylic acid therapy. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and voted on by the 45 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually.
Urinary bisphenol S concentrations: Potential predictors of and associations with semen quality parameters among men attending a fertility center; Background: Bisphenol S (BPS) was introduced in the market as a potentially safer alternative to bisphenol A (BPA). However, there are limited studies on health effects of BPS and no epidemiologic studies on its relationship with male reproductive health outcomes, specifically semen quality. Objective: To investigate predictors of urinary BPS concentrations and its association with semen parameters among men attending a fertility center. Methods: This cross-sectional analysis included 158 men of couples seeking fertility treatment (2011-2017) contributing 338 paired semen and urine samples. At the time of sample collection, men completed a questionnaire on self-reported use of household products and food intake within the previous 24 h. Urinary concentrations of BPA, BPS and bisphenol F were quantified using isotope-dilution tandem mass spectrometry. Semen samples were analyzed following WHO guidelines. Multivariable mixed models were used to investigate predictors of urinary BPS concentrations and to evaluate associations between urinary BPS concentrations and semen parameters, using random intercept to account for correlation in outcomes across multiple observations per man and adjusting for abstinence time, specific gravity, age, body mass index (BMI), year of sample col- lection and BPA concentrations. Analyses were also stratified by BMI (>= 25 vs < 25 kg/m(2)). Results: Median (IQR) urinary BPS concentration was 0.30 (0.20, 0.90) mu g/L, and 76% of samples had detectable (> 0.1 mu g/L) concentrations. Self-reported fabric softener and paint/solvent use as well as intake of beef and cheese within 24 h before urine collection were positively associated with BPS concentrations. Men with higher BPS concentrations also had significantly higher BMI. Lower semen parameters were found among men with detectable BPS concentrations, compared to men with non-detectable BPS [2.66 vs. 2.91 mL for volume (p = 0.03), 30.7 vs. 38.3 mil/mL for concentration (p = 0.03), 76.8 vs. 90.0 mil for total count (p = 0.09), 43.7 vs. 47.0% for motility (p = 0.06), and 5.42 vs. 6.77% for morphologically normal sperm (p = 0.24)]. Some associations of BPS with lower semen parameters were only found among men with a BMI >= 25 kg/m(2). Conclusions: We identified dietary and lifestyle factors associated with BPS exposure, suggesting potential avenues for reducing exposures. We also observed negative associations between BPS and semen parameters, especially among overweight and obese men.
Varying protein source and quantity do not significantly improve weight loss, fat loss, or satiety in reduced energy diets among midlife adults; We hypothesized that a whey protein diet would result in greater weight loss and improved body composition compared with standard weight loss diets. Weight change, body composition, and renin-angiotensin aldosterone system activity in midlife adults were compared between diet groups. Eighteen subjects enrolled in a 5-month study of 8-week controlled food intake followed by 12-weeks ad libitum intake. Subjects were randomized to 1 of 3 treatment groups: control diet (CD) (55% carbohydrate/15% protein/30% fat), mixed protein (40% carbohydrate/30% protein/30% fat), or whey protein (WP) (40% carbohydrate/15% mixed protein/15% whey protein/30% fat). Measurements included weight, metabolic measures, body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and resting energy expenditure. No statistically significant differences in total weight loss or total fat loss were observed between treatments; however, a trend toward greater total weight loss (P =.08) and total fat loss (P =.09) was observed in the WP group compared with the CD group. Fat loss in the leg and gynoid regions was greater (P < .05) in the WP group than the CD group. No renin-angiotensin aldosterone system mediated response was observed, but a decrease in systolic blood pressure was significantly greater (P <.05) in the WP group compared with the CD group. In summary, increased whey protein intake did not result in statistically significant differences in weight loss or in total fat loss, but significant differences in regional fat loss and in decreased blood pressure were observed in the WP group. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of soy milk and Bifidobacterium fermented soy milk on lipid metabolism in aged ovariectomized rats; The effects of soy milk and fermented soy milk on lipid metabolism were studied in aged ovariectomized rats. Twenty 8- mo-old Wistar rats were randomly assigned to four treatment groups: sham-operated +control diet (sham-C); ovariectomized (OVX)+control diet (OVX-C); OVX+soy milk diet (OVX-SM); and OVX+fermented soy milk diet (OVX-FSM). The rats were fed on these diets for 6 weeks. Ovariectomy induced an increase in the plasma cholesterol level by 40%. The plasma total cholesterol level of the OVX-FSM rats was decreased by 20% compared to that of the OVX-C rats. The plasma total cholesterol level of the OVX-SM group was not significantly different from that of the OVX-C and sham-C rats. The plasma triglyceride level of the OVX-FSM rats was lower than that of the sham-C rats. The liver cholesterol content in OVX-SM and OVX-FSM rats was lower than that of the OVX-C rats. The liver triglyceride contents of the sham-C, OVX-SM, and OVX-FSM groups were lower than that of the OVX-C group. fecal steroid excretion did not differ among the groups. Ovariectomy decreased the uterus weight. The OVX-SM and OVX-FSM groups had the same uterus weights as those of the OVX-C group. Thus, the diet including fermented soy milk prevented the cholesterol elevation induced in Fats by ovarian hormone deficiency.
Long-term intake of soy protein improves blood lipid profiles and increases mononuclear cell low-density-lipoprotein receptor messenger RNA in hypercholesterolemic, postmenopausal women; The long-term clinical effects of soy protein containing various amounts of isoflavones on lipoproteins, mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA concentrations, and other selected cardiovascular risk factors are not well known. Sixty-six hypercholesterolemic. free-living, postmenopausal women were investigated during a 6-mo parallel-group, double-blind trial with 3 interventions. After a control period of 14 d, all subjects were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 dietary groups (all with 40 g protein): a National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Step 1 diet with protein from casein and nonfat dry milk (control), an NCEP Step 1 diet with protein from isolated soy protein containing moderate amounts of isoflavones (ISP56), or an NCEP Step 1 diet with protein from isolated sop protein containing high amounts of isoflavones (ISP90). Non-HDL cholesterol in both the ISP56 and ISP90 groups was reduced compared with the control group (P < 0.05), whereas total cholesterol was not changed. HDL cholesterol increased in both the ISP56 and ISP90 groups (P < 0.05), whereas the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol decreased significantly in both groups compared with the control (P < 0.05). Mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA concentrations increased in subjects consuming ISP56 or ISP90 compared with the control (P < 0.05). These results indicate that sop protein, with different amounts of isoflavones, may decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease via improved blood lipid profiles, and that the mechanism by which apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins were depressed may be via alterations in LDL receptor quantity or activity.
Consumption of fatty foods and incident type 2 diabetes in populations from eight European countries; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Diets high in saturated and trans fat and low in unsaturated fat may increase type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk, but studies on foods high in fat per unit weight are sparse. We assessed whether the intake of vegetable oil, butter, margarine, nuts and seeds and cakes and cookies is related to incident T2D. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A case-cohort study was conducted, nested within eight countries of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC), with 12 403 incident T2D cases and a subcohort of 16 835 people, identified from a cohort of 340 234 people. Diet was assessed at baseline (1991-1999) by country-specific questionnaires. Country-specific hazard ratios (HRs) across four categories of fatty foods (nonconsumers and tertiles among consumers) were combined with random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS: After adjustment not including body mass index (BMI), nonconsumers of butter, nuts and seeds and cakes and cookies were at higher T2D risk compared with the middle tertile of consumption. Among consumers, cakes and cookies were inversely related to T2D (HRs across increasing tertiles 1.14, 1.00 and 0.92, respectively; P-trend <0.0001). All these associations attenuated upon adjustment for BMI, except the higher risk of nonconsumers of cakes and cookies (HR 1.57). Higher consumption of margarine became positively associated after BMI adjustment (HRs across increasing consumption tertiles: 0.93, 1.00 and 1.12; P-trend 0.03). Within consumers, vegetable oil, butter and nuts and seeds were unrelated to T2D. CONCLUSIONS: Fatty foods were generally not associated with T2D, apart from weak positive association for margarine. The higher risk among nonconsumers of cakes and cookies needs further explanation.
Relation between soy-associated isoflavones and LDL and HDL cholesterol concentrations in humans: a meta-analysis; Background: Differences in isoflavone content of soy protein may explain the absence of a dose-response relation between soy protein intake and blood cholesterol concentrations. Objective: To study specifically the effect of soy-associated isoflavones on cholesterol concentrations in well-controlled trials substituting soy protein with dairy or animal protein. Design: Studies were identified by MEDLINE searches (1995-6 June 2002) and reviewing reference lists. Studies were included if they had a control group or treatment, experimental diets only differed in the amounts of soy protein and isoflavones and were each fed for at least 14 days. A total of 10 studies met these criteria, providing 21 dietary comparisons. Subjects: Studies comprised 959 subjects ( 336 men and 623 women), average age ranged from 41 to 67 y and baseline cholesterol concentration from 5.42 to 6.60 mmol/l. Interventions: The intake of soy-associated isoflavones increased by 1-95 mg/day and the intake of soy protein increased by 19 60 g/day. Results: Feeding daily 36 g soy protein with 52 mg soy-associated isoflavones on average decreased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by -0.17 +/- 0.04 mmol/l (mean +/- s.e.) and increased high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 0.03 +/- 0.01 mmol/l. There was no dose-response relation between soy-associated isoflavones and changes in LDL cholesterol (R = -0.33, P = 0.14) (Pearson correlation coefficient) or HDL cholesterol (R = -0.07, P = 0.76) or their ratio. Conclusions: Consumption of soy-associated isoflavones is not related to changes in LDL or HDL cholesterol.
Effect of varying carbohydrate and fat content of milk replacer on body composition of Holstein bull calves; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of varying concentrations of dietary fat and carbohydrate on changes in body composition of Holstein bull calves fed under isocaloric and isonitrogenous intake conditions. Thirty-two calves were assigned to a randomized block design with three dietary treatments, eight calves per treatment, and one baseline group of eight calves. Animals were reared from birth to 85 kg live BW (SEM = 0.57). All calves began treatments between 2 and 6 d of age. Three different milk replacer treatment diets were designed to deliver 14.8 (low fat, LF), 21.6 (medium fat, MF), or 30.6% of DM (high fat, HF) fat; 55.3,46.7, or 35.4% of DM lactose; and 23.5, 24.8, or 27.0% of DM CP, respectively. Gross energy values were 4.62, 5.09, and 5.77 Mcal/kg for the LF, MF, and HF milk replacers, respectively. From d 1 to 14, calves were offered 0.24 Meal intake energy/kg BW0.75, adjusted weekly based on increases in BW, and 0.28 Meal intake energy/kg BW0.75 from d 15 to slaughter. Dry feed was not offered. Dry matter, energy, CP, and fat intakes were 55.2 kg, 257.6 Meal, 13.0 kg, and 8.2 kg; 52.3 kg, 268.8 Meal, 13.1 kg, and 11.4 kg; and 46.8 kg, 270.3 Meal, 12.6 kg, and 14.3 kg for the LF, MF and HF treatments, respectively. Energy and CP intakes did not differ among treatments (P = 0.63 and 0.79, respectively). Fat and DMI were different among treatments (P = 0.001 and 0.02, respectively). Empty BW gains were 0.61, 0.61, and 0.65 kg/d for LF, MF, and HF, respectively, and were not different among treatments (P = 0.27). Empty body CP, water, and ash gain were not different among treatments (P = 0.65, 0.99, and 0.57, respectively). Empty body retained energy and fat gain were 27.2 and 57.7% greater for calves fed the HF than for those fed the LF diet (P = 0.06 and 0.006, respectively). Fat as a percentage of the whole empty body on a water-free basis was lower for calves consuming the LF diet (28.6%) than for those fed the HF diet (34.6%), whereas percentage of CP on an empty body, water-free basis was greater for calves consuming the LF diet (59.2%) than for those fed the HF diet (54.9%) (P = 0.006). The results of this study demonstrated that, under isocaloric and isonitrogenous intake conditions, equivalent dietary energy from fat compared to carbohydrate, above 15% fat, has no beneficial purpose unless additional fat deposition is required in the animal. Further, the data demonstrate significant changes in body composition independent of growth rate.
Effect of different fat supplements on performance of dairy calves during cold season; The objective of this experiment was to evaluate the effects of starter supplementation with fat sources differing in their fatty acid (FA) profile on performance of dairy calves during cold season. Sixty Holstein calves (3 d of age; 39.7 +/- 3.8 kg of body weight) were randomly assigned to 1 of 5 starter diets supplemented with (1) no fat or oil source (control), (2) 3% palm fat (PLF), (3) 3% soybean oil (SBO), (4) 3% tallow (TAL), and (5) a 3.2% mixture (MIX) of PLF, SBO, and fish oil. The fat supplements were substituted for corn in the basal starter diet. Both the control and fat-supplemented diets contained similar amounts of dietary crude protein (19.4%), but the latter had a slightly higher quantity of calculated metabolizable energy (3.17 vs. 3.07 Mcal/kg) than did the former. Calves were reared outdoor in individual pens during the cold of winter with a mean ambient temperature of 5.0 degrees C during the study period. Whole milk was offered twice daily from d 3 to 45 and once from d 46 to 49. The animals were weaned on d 50 and monitored in their individual pens until d 70. Supplementation with SBO and MIX increased both the dietary concentration and ratio of essential FA (n-6 and n-3), whereas supplementation with TAL and PLF made no change in the essential FA profile. Starter intake and average daily gain were not affected by PLF and TAL supplements, but were reduced as a result of feeding MIX. Feeding supplemental SBO did not affect starter intake, but tended to improve average daily gain and final body weight. Fat sources had no effects on body skeletal measurements, fecal score, digestibility, ruminal pH, ammonia, and total volatile FA concentrations; however, feeding MIX increased rumen molar proportion of propionate. No differences were observed in blood metabolites across the treatments during the preweaning period. Plasma concentrations of triacylglycerol and cholesterol increased when fat sources were supplemented and glucose concentration increased when SBO was supplemented during the postweaning period. Overall, addition of 3% PLF or TAL to the diet of young calves failed to improve growth performance. Although addition of SBO and MIX increased the dietary essential FA concentration, calf performance was only improved when SBO was supplemented.
Cardiovascular and Orthostatic Responses to a Festive Meal Associated With Alcohol in Young Men; Aim: Sharing a festive meal associated with alcohol is quite common. While the cardiovascular changes occurring after meal ingestion of different nutrient composition has been well-established, the effects of ingesting a festive versus a standard meal accompanied with alcohol are less clear. Here, we compared the postprandial hemodynamics, cutaneous and psychomotor performance responses after ingestion of a classical Swiss festive meal [cheese fondue (CF)] versus a light ready-meal [Nasi Goreng (NG)], both accompanied with white wine. Methods: In a randomized cross over design, we examined in 12 healthy young men, the continuous cardiovascular, cutaneous, and reaction time responses to ingestion of cheese fondue versus a standard meal at rest (sitting position) and hemodynamic changes in response to orthostatic challenge (active standing) in pre- and postprandial phases. Results: Breath alcohol concentration after wine ingestion was similar after both meal types. Compared to the standard meal, consumption of CF induced higher increases in heart rate (HR), cardiac output (CO), double product (DP) and cardiac power output (CPO), greater vasodilation, and rises in skin blood flow and skin temperature. Greater increases in HR, DP, and mean blood pressure (MBP) were observed during orthostatic challenges with CF compared to NG. A two-choice reaction time task revealed similar reaction times with both meals, suggesting no influence of meal composition on psychomotor performance. Conclusion: In sitting position, CF ingestion induced a more important cardiovascular load compared to NG. Although the dose of alcohol and the festive meal used here did not lead to orthostatic hypotension, eating CF induced a greater cardiometabolic load suggesting that hemodynamic reserves have been encroached during active standing. This may impede the cardiovascular capacity during physical exercise or stress situations, particularly in elderly subjects who are at greater risk for postprandial hypotension and cardiovascular diseases.
Effect of copper edetate injection in dry pregnant cows on hematology, blood metabolites, weight gain and health of calves; The objectives of the present study was to investigate the effects of the copper injection and injection timing to pregnant dairy cows at dry period on the hematology, some serum metabolites, health and growth of their calves. Thirty Holstein cows at the dry period were assigned to the three following experimental groups: 1) control (injections of 2.5 ml normal saline), 2) test 1 (125 mg Cu as copper edetate injection at the first week of the dry period) and 3) test 2 (125 mg Cu as copper edetate injection at the third week of the dry period). Ten milliliters of jugular blood was taken from all calves 24-48 h after birth and at 7, 14, 21 and 28 days of age for measuring hematological and biochemical parameters. For evaluation of growth and health, body weight of all of the calves was measured at birth and at the end of the trial, and the health of calves was checked by a technician twice a day and any sign of illness, treatment (if needed) and duration of illness was recorded. Copper treatment was proved to have a significant effect on the counts of WBC (lower in test 2, higher in test 1), lymphocyte (lower in test 2, higher in test 1) and the concentrations of fibrinogen (lower in test 1, higher in test 2), cholesterol (lower in control, higher in test 1) and copper (lower in test 1, higher in test 2) ( < 0.05). Age (sampling time) also influenced most measured parameters ( < 0.05) except values of WBC, neutrophil, monocyte, globulin and concentrations of iron, zinc and copper.
Probiotics: Functionality and commercial status; Probiotics in the form of fermented milk products have been consumed for centuries. In this century various health benefits have been purported to result from consumption of foods containing live microorganisms, particularly lactic acid bacteria (LAB). Probiotics can provide relief for lactose intolerant individuals and reduce bouts of diarrhea. Evidence for other claims such as lowering serum cholesterol, suppressing cancer and stimulating the immune system remains to be clearly established by conducting well-controlled, statistically-valid clinical trials. Although the benefits to healthy individuals are uncertain, many consumers especially in Japan and Europe, perceive probiotic products to be healthful, and sales are robust. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Inc.
Effects of including soy protein in a blood cholesterol-lowering diet on markers of cardiac risk in men and in postmenopausal women with and without hormone replacement therapy; Background: Increased consumption of soy foods has been associated with reduction in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in both clinical and observational studies. However, it is not clear whether adding soy to a low-fat diet has additional lipid-lowering benefits, and few previous studies have examined these effects in women using hormone replacement therapy ( HRT+). Methods: We tested whether adding soy protein to a low-fat, high-fiber, Step I diet improved cardiac risk markers in 18 postmenopausal women and 14 men with hypercholesterolemia and examined whether concurrent use of HRT altered diet responsiveness. Diets were matched for macronutrient content, and all food was provided. After 3 weeks on the Step I diet, subjects were randomized to diets ( 6 weeks) containing 25 g/day protein isolate from soy or cow's milk, with crossover. The soy treatment contained 90 mg/day isoflavones. Lipids, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), p-selectin, and urinary isoflavonoids were measured at the end of each diet. Results: In men and HRT- women only, there were significant reductions in LDL-C ( - 17.3%), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ( - 15.3%), and triglycerides ( - 11.5%) during the Step I diet, and soy had no additional effects. At study entry, HRT+ women had lower LDL-C and higher triglycerides than men. Their LDL-C was unchanged, and triglycerides were significantly reduced ( - 15.1%) by the Step I diets. Isoflavonoid excretion was unrelated to diet response or HRT status. Conclusions: In men and HRT- women, the diets significantly lowered LDL-C, independent of soy intake. In HRT- women, the diets improved triglycerides without lowering HDL-C.
Effect of pelleted total mixed rations with different levels of intact rapeseed on performance, carcass traits, serum biochemical indices and meat quality of Boer goats; The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of intact rapeseed (IR) supplementation in goat total mixed ration (TMR) pellets on performance, carcass traits, serum biochemical indices and meat quality. Forty-eight healthy Boer goats with similar initial bodyweight (12.52 +/- 1.48 kg) were randomly assigned to four treatment groups, dietary containing 0%, 2.5%, 5.0% and 7.5% IR, respectively. The results showed that IR had no significant effect on weight gain and average daily feed intake, but 7.5% IR significantly decreased F/G (P < 0.05). There were no significant difference among all groups in carcass weight, dressing percentage, visceral fat, liver, kidney and rumen weight, but IR significantly increased the rumen index (P < 0.05). IR supplementation significantly increased serum total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein and triglyceride level (P < 0.05), but had no effect on serum free triiodothyronine, free thyroxine, aspartate aminotransferase or alanine aminotransferase level. In meat quality, IR had no significant influence on meat colour value, pH, water loss rate, cooked meat rate, crude protein, crude ash, total cholesterol content and amino acid composition, but could increase the meat fat content and the relative content of linolenic acid (C18:3, cis-9, 12, 15), eicosenoic acid (C20:1, cis-11) and decrease the relative content of palmitic acid (C16:0), margaric acid (C17:0) and heptadecenoic acid (C17:1, cis-10) (P < 0.05). In conclusion, when adding amount in TMR pellets reached 7.5%, IR had almost no adverse effects on growth performance, carcass traits, liver and thyroid function of Boer goats. Conversely, it could reduce F/G and improve ruminal development and the meat quality to some extent.
Response of Shami goats and kids to variable levels of soyabean or sunflower oils in diets; A study was conducted to determine the effect of feeding soyabean or sunflower oil to lactating Shami goats on milk production, composition and fatty acid profile. Goats (n=125), 2 to 4 years of age and 55 to 60 kg liveweight, were randomly assigned to 5 treatment groups (25 each) in a completely randomized design. Diets were: a control ration (C), control supplemented with 3% soyabean oil (3%SBO), control supplemented with 5%SBO, control supplemented with 3% sunflower oil (3%SFO), and a control supplemented with 5%SFO. Variables measured were milk production, milk composition, dry matter intake, body weight, weaning weight of kids, blood metabolites, and milk and blood fatty acid profiles. Daily milk production was reduced (P<0.05) in most treatments. Fat and protein yields were maximum (P<0.05) at 3%SBO while energy corrected milk was highest (P<0.05) for the 3%SBO. Feed intake was least (P<0.05) for the 3%SFO group and feed to milk ratio was highest (P<0.05) for the 3% SBO group. Values for the serum cholesterol were highest (P<0.05) for the SBO kids. Meanwhile, triglycerides were reduced (P<0.05) following oil treatment with the lowest (P<0.05) value in the serum of the 5%SBO kids. Total conjugated linoliec acid (CLA) content in milk was mostly increased (P<0.05) for oil treated goats. In the blood of kids, total CLA was maximum (P<0.05) for kids of the 5%SFO group. Results indicate that supplementing lactating goat diet with either oils did not improve milk production, milk composition, or growth rate and weaning weight of their kids, but improved their energy corrected milk and CLA content. However, only SBO increased cholesterol level in the blood in kids.
Effects of Egg White Protein Supplementation on Muscle Strength and Serum Free Amino Acid Concentrations; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of egg white protein compared to carbohydrate intake prior to exercise on fat free mass (FFM), one repetition maximum (1RM) muscle strength and blood biochemistry in female athletes. Thirty healthy female collegiate athletes were recruited for this study and matched by sport type, body fat percentage and 1RM leg curl muscle strength. Participants were randomly divided into two groups: protein group (15.0 g egg white protein; 75 kcal) and carbohydrate group (17.5 g maltodextrin, 78 kcal). Supplements were administered daily at the same time in a double-blind manner prior to training during an 8-week period. Measurements were performed before and after the 8-week regimen. The mean dietary energy intake did not change throughout the study period. FFM and 1RM assessments (i.e., leg curl, leg extension, squat, and bench press) increased in both groups. Furthermore, serum urea and serum citrulline levels after the 8-week regimen increased significantly only in the protein group. Our findings indicated that compared to the carbohydrate supplement, the proteinc supplement was associated with some changes in protein metabolites but not with changes in body composition or muscle strength.
Effects of soy isoflavone supplementation on patients with diabetic nephropathy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a microvascular complication that is becoming a worldwide public health concern. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of dietary soy isoflavone intervention on renal function and metabolic syndrome markers in DN patients. Seven databases including Medline, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Science Direct, Web of Science, Embase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and WanFang were searched for controlled trials that assessed the effects of soy isoflavone treatment in DN patients. Finally, a total of 141 patients from 7 randomized controlled trials were included. The meta-analysis showed that dietary soy isoflavones significantly decreased 24-hour urine protein, C-reactive protein (CRP), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and fasting blood glucose (FBG) in DN patients. The standard mean difference was -2.58 (95% CI: -3.94, -1.22; P = 0.0002) for 24-hour urine protein, -0.67 (95% CI: -0.94, -0.41; P < 0.00001) for BUN, -6.16 (95% CI: -9.02, -3.31; P < 0.0001) for CRP, -0.58 (95% CI: -0.83, -0.33; P < 0.00001) for TC, -0.41 (95% CI: -0.66, -0.16; P < 0.00001) for TG, -0.68 (95% CI: -0.94, -0.42; P < 0.00001) for LDL-C, and -0.39 (95% CI: -0.68, -0.10; P = 0.008) for FBG. Therefore, soy isoflavones may ameliorate DN by significantly decreasing 24-hour urine protein, BUN, CRP, TC, TG, LDL-C, and FBG.
Effects of dairy intake on body weight and fat: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Some intervention studies have suggested that dairy products may influence body weight, but the results remain controversial. Objective: We identified and quantified the effects of dairy consumption on body weight and fat mass from randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Design: We conducted a comprehensive search of PubMed and EMBASE databases (to April 2012) of English reports of RCTs regarding dairy consumption on body weight, body fat, or body weight and body fat in adults. The results across studies were pooled by using a random-effects meta-analysis. Results: Twenty-nine RCTs were included with a total of 2101 participants. Overall, consumption of dairy products did not result in a significant reduction in weight (-0.14 kg; 95% CI: -0.66, 0.38 kg; I-2 = 86.3%). In subgroup analysis, consumption of dairy products reduced body weight in the context of energy restriction or short-term intervention (<1 y) trials but had the opposite effect in ad libitum dietary interventions or long-term trials (>= 1 y). Twenty-two RCTs that reported results on body fat showed a modest reduction in the dairy group (-0.45 kg; 95% CI: -0.79, -0.11 kg; I-2 = 70.9%), and further stratified analysis indicated significant beneficial effects of dairy intervention on body fat in energy-restricted or short-term trials but not in long-term or ad libitum studies. Conclusions: This meta-analysis does not support the beneficial effect of increasing dairy consumption on body weight and fat loss in long-term studies or studies without energy restriction. However, dairy products may have modest benefits in facilitating weight loss in short-term or energy-restricted RCTs. Am J Clin Nutr 2012;96:735-47.
Effect of raw camel milk in type 1 diabetic patients: 1 year randomised study; The efficacy of camel milk consumption as an adjunct to routine diabetic management in maintaining long-term glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes was assessed during a 52 week randomised study. Throughout the duration of the study, 12 randomly assigned patients underwent routine diabetic management (diet, exercise and parenteral insulin supplementation) and 12 randomly assigned patients additionally undertook daily consumption of raw camel milk (500 ml/day). In both groups, the dose of parenteral insulin administration was adjusted to maintain an euglycaemic state. Glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA(1)c) and body mass index (BMI) were measured at the initiation of the study and monitored at 3 monthly intervals. Additionally, plasma insulin, C-peptide and anti-insulin antibodies were measured at the beginning and end of the study. In the group receiving camel milk, there was a significant increase in BMI (17 +/- 4.4 to 19.7 +/- 2.97; p<0.001) and a significant reduction in HbA(1)c (7.8 +/- 1.38 to 6 +/- 0.96; p<0.001), mean blood glucose (119 +/- 19 to 95.42 +/- 15.70; p<0.001) and necessary insulin dose (32 +/- 12 to 17.83 +/- 12.40; p<0.005) compared to the values at the initiation of the study. There was no significant change in c-peptide (0.18 +/- 0.04 to 0.24 +/- 0.07) or anti-insulin antibodies (22.92 +/- 5.45 to 21.84 +/- 7.34). We have demonstrated that the consumption of camel milk in type 1 diabetes results in a significant reduction in the dose of insulin required to maintain long-term glycaemic control. Based on our results, camel milk consumption, may therefore, be considered as a useful adjunct to parenteral insulin administration in the management of type 1 diabetes.
EFFECTS ON HUMAN-PLASMA LIPIDS OF SUBSTITUTING SOYBEAN PROTEIN ISOLATE FOR MILK PROTEIN IN THE DIET; The response of plasma cholesterol (C), triglyceride (TG) and lipoprotein levels to replacing 500 ml of 2% cow''s milk per day with an equal volume of a drink containing similar amounts of protein and fat is soy protein isolate and butterfat was examined in 33 healthy volunteers. The subjects were university faculty and staff who otherwise continued to consume their usual diet throughout the 12-week study. Each volunteer daily drank 2% milk for 6 weeks and the soy-based drink for 6 weeks, the order being randomized for each subject. Analysis of three-day food records kept near the end of each dietary period showed no significant differences in daily intake of calories, protein, carbohydrate, fat or cholesterol and no change in P/S ratio. However, replacement of cow''s milk by the beverage based upon soy protein isolate significantly reduced the ratio of animal:plant protein in the diet from 2.44 to 1.08 (p < 0.05). For the cohort as a whole, this dietary change had no effect on  fasting total plasma cholesterol, but VLDL cholesterol decreased significantly (p < 0.05). Furthermore, the five subjects with highest plasma cholesterol levels (> 90th percentile for age and sex adjusted means) at entry into the study responsed to substitution of the soy drink for cow''s milk with a slight (5%), but statistically significant decrease in plasma total cholesterol (p < 0.05). The consumption of beverages based upon soy protein isolate could assist in the dietary management of individuals with elevated fasting serum cholesterol levels.
Combined effect of <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>acidophilus</i> and β-cyclodextrin on serum cholesterol in pigs; A total of twenty-four Yorkshire gilt pigs of 6-7 weeks of age were used in a 2x2 factorial experiment to determine the individual and combined effects of the inclusion of two dietary factors (cholesterol rich, 3% beta-cyclodextrin (BCD) and Lactobacillus acidophilus cultures) on total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels in blood serum. Pigs were assigned randomly to treatment groups (n6). Total serum cholesterol concentrations decreased after 3 weeks in all the experimental treatment groups, including diets with BCD, L. acidophilus or both. Similar trends were observed for serum LDL-cholesterol concentrations among the experimental treatments. No statistically significant differences from the control group were observed in either total serum cholesterol or LDL-cholesterol concentrations (P< 0.05) for each of the individual treatment groups: BCD or L. acidophilus. However, significant differences in total serum cholesterol concentrations were observed when comparing the combined treatment group (BCD and L. acidophilus) with the control group, which consisted of a basal diet and sterile milk. The combined treatment group exhibited 17.9% lower total serum cholesterol concentration after 3 weeks. Similar significant differences were observed when comparing the combined effect experimental group with the control group after 3 weeks. The combined treatment group exhibited 27.9% lower serum LDL-cholesterol concentrations.
Cholesterol-Lowering Effect of Probiotic Yogurt in Comparison with Ordinary Yogurt in Mildly to Moderately Hypercholesterolemic Subjects; Background and Aims: Hypercholesterolemia is the most important risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. In this study, we compared the effect of consuming probiotic yogurt with that of ordinary yogurt on serum cholesterol level in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. Methods: This randomized and crossover trial included 14 healthy subjects with serum total cholesterol 5.17-7.76 mmol/l. They did not consume yogurt for a 2-week prestudy period and added 300 g/day of milk to their diet. After this period, they were randomly allocated to 2 groups to receive either 300 g of ordinary yogurt or probiotic yogurt (fermented with a starter composed of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis in addition to bacteria in ordinary yogurt) for 6 weeks as a substitution for milk. After a 4-week washout period, the crossover was made and the study lasted for another 6 weeks. Blood lipid tests were done at the beginning and at the end of each period. Results: Consumption of probiotic yogurt in comparison with ordinary yogurt caused a significant decrease in serum total cholesterol (p <! 0.05). Comparison of other blood lipid indices did not show any significant differences between these 2 periods. Conclusion: Yogurt containing two probiotic bacteria strains, L. acidophilus and B. lactis, had a cholesterol-lowering effect in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Copyright (C) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
Dietary soybean protein ameliorates high-fat diet-induced obesity by modifying the gut microbiota-dependent biotransformation of bile acids; The consumption of soybean protein has well-known favorable metabolic effects (e.g., reduced body weight, body fat, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, and lipogenesis). These effects of soy protein have been linked to modulation by the gut micro-biota; however, the dynamic interplay among these factors remains unclear. Accordingly, we examined the metabolic phenotype, intestinal BA pool, and the gut microbiome of male C57BL/6 mice that were randomized to receive either a regular high-fat diet (HFD) or HFD that contained soybean protein isolate (SPI) in place of dairy protein. The intake of SPI significantly reduced the HFD-induced weight gain and adipose tissue mass accumulation and attenuated hepatic steatosis. Along with an enhancement in the secretion of intestinal Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), an enlarged cecal BA pool with an elevated secondary/primary BA ratio was observed in the mice that consumed SPI, while fecal BA excretion remained unaltered. SPI also elicited dramatic changes in the gut microbiome, characterized by an expansion of taxa that may be involved in the biotransformation of BAs. The observed effects were abolished in germ-free (GF) mice, indicating that they were dependent on the microbiota. These findings collectively indicate that the metabolic benefits of SPI under the HFD regime may arise from a microbiota-driven increase in BA transformation and increase in GLP-1 secretion.
Consuming a Buttermilk Drink Containing Lutein-Enriched Egg Yolk Daily for 1 Year Increased Plasma Lutein but Did Not Affect Serum Lipid or Lipoprotein Concentrations in Adults with Early Signs of Age-Related Macular Degeneration; Dietary lutein intake is postulated to interfere with the development of age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Because egg yolk-derived lutein has a high bioavailability, long-term consumption of lutein-enriched eggs might be effective in preventing AMD development, but alternatively might increase cardiovascular disease risk. Here, we report the effect of 1-y daily consumption of a buttermilk drink containing 1.5 lutein-rich egg yolks on serum lipid and lipoprotein and plasma lutein concentrations. Additionally, subgroups that could potentially benefit the most from the intervention were identified. Men and women who had early signs of AMD in at least 1 eye, but were otherwise healthy, participated in a 1-y randomized, placebo-controlled parallel intervention trial. At the start of the study, 101 participants were included: 52 in the experimental (Egg) group and 49 in the control (Con) group. Final analyses were performed with 45 participants in the Egg group and 43 participants in the Con group. As expected, the increase in plasma lutein concentrations in the Egg group was 83% higher than that in the Con group (P < 0.001). Changes in serum total, HDL, and LDL cholesterol, as well as the ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol, were not different between the 2 groups. Interestingly, participants classified as cholesterol absorbers had higher serum HDL cholesterol concentrations than participants classified as cholesterol synthesizers or participants with average campesterol-to-lathosterol ratios (P < 0.05) at baseline. In addition, cholesterol absorbers had a 229% higher increase in plasma lutein concentrations than participants who were classified as having an average campesterol-to-lathosterol ratio upon consumption of the lutein-enriched egg yolk drink (P < 0.05). Moreover, the change in serum HDL cholesterol upon consumption was significantly different between these 3 groups (P < 0.05). We suggest that cholesterol absorbers particularly might benefit from the lutein-enriched buttermilk drink. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00902408.
Effect on bone anabolic markers of daily cheese intake with and without vitamin K<sub>2</sub>: a randomised clinical trial; Background Daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg cheese has been shown to increase the total serum osteocalcin (tOC). Is this a general cheese effect or specific for Jarlsberg containing vitamin K-2 and 1,4-dihydroxy-2naphtoic acid (DHNA)?Methods 66 healthy female volunteers (HV) were recruited. By skewed randomisation (3:2), 41 HV were allocated to daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg (J-group) and 25-50 g Camembert (C-group) in 6 weeks. After 6 weeks the C-group was switched to Jarlsberg. The study duration was 12 weeks with clinical investigations every 6 weeks. The main variables were procollagen type 1 N-terminal propeptide (PINP), tOC, carboxylated osteocalcin (cOC) and the osteocalcin ratio (R-O) defined as the ratio between cOC and undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC). Serum cross-linked C-telopeptide type I collagen (CTX), vitamin K-2, lipids and clinical chemistry were used as secondary variables.Results PINP, tOC, cOC, R-O and vitamin K-2 increased significantly (p<0.01) after 6 weeks in the J-group. PINP remained unchanged in the C-group. The other variables decreased slightly in the C-group but increased significantly (p <= 0.05) after switching to Jarlsberg. No CTX-changes detected in neither of the groups.Serum lipids increased slightly in both groups. Switching to Jarlsberg, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol were significantly reduced (p <= 0.05). Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), Ca++ and Mg++ were significantly reduced in the J-group, but unchanged in the C-group. Switching to Jarlsberg, HbA1c and Ca++ decreased significantly.Conclusion The effect of daily Jarlsberg intake on increased s-osteocalcin level is not a general cheese effect. Jarlsberg contain vitamin K-2 and DHNA which increases PINP, tOC, cOC and R-O and decreases Ca++, Mg++ and HbA1c. These effects reflect increased bone anabolism and a possible reduced risk of adverse metabolic outcomes.
Effect of Probiotics on Blood Lipid Concentrations <i>A Meta</i>-<i>Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials</i>; Previous clinical studies have reported mixed results regarding the effect of probiotics on lipid metabolism. Therefore, we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to quantify the direction and magnitude of the potential effect of probiotics on blood lipid concentrations.Eligible studies were randomized, placebo-controlled trials whose interventions were probiotic products containing live bacteria. The studies reported net changes in lipid profiles (total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides) and their associated standard deviations (or the data to calculate them). The probiotic products did not contain prebiotics or other active ingredients, and the full article was accessible in English.The pooled mean net change in lipid profiles and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated. Q statistics and I-2 were calculated to examine heterogeneity. Potential sources of heterogeneity were investigated via subgroup and sensitivity analyses, and publication biases were estimated.A total of 30 randomized controlled trials with 1624 participants (828 in intervention groups and 796 in placebo groups) were included in this analysis. Subjects treated with probiotics demonstrated reduced total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol compared to control subjects by 7.8mg/dL (95% CI: -10.4, -5.2) and 7.3mg/dL (95% CI: -10.1, -4.4), respectively. There was no significant effect of probiotics on HDL cholesterol or triglycerides. The effect of probiotics on total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol depended on a variety of factors. The significant effects were greater for higher baseline total cholesterol levels, longer treatment durations, and certain probiotic strains. In addition, these associations seem stronger in studies supported by probiotics companies.The studies included in this meta-analysis showed significant heterogeneity as indicated by the Q statistics and I-2. In addition, industry sponsorship may affect study findings.These results suggest that the use of probiotics may improve lipid metabolism by decreasing total and LDL cholesterol concentrations. However, both the efficacy of probiotics for cholesterol lowering and safety should be investigated further in well-designed clinical trials.
Comparative Meta-Analysis of the Effect of Concentrated, Hydrolyzed, and Isolated Whey Protein Supplementation on Body Composition of Physical Activity Practitioners; Whey protein (WP) is a dairy food supplement and, due to its effects on fat-free mass (FFM) gain and fat mass (FM) loss, it has been widely consumed by resistance training practitioners. This review analyzed the impact of WP supplementation in its concentrated (WPC), hydrolyzed (WPH) and isolated (WPI) forms, comparing it exclusively to isocaloric placebos. Random effect meta-analyses were performed from the final and initial body composition values of 246 healthy athletes undergoing 64.5 +/- 15.3 days of training in eight randomized clinical trials (RCT) collected systematically from five scientific databases. The weighted mean difference (WMD) was statistically significant for FM loss (WMD = -0.96, 95% CI = -1.37, -0.55, p < 0.001) and, in the analysis of subgroups, this effect was maintained for the WPC (WMD = -0.63, 95% CI = -1.19, -0.06, p = 0.030), with protein content between 51% and 80% (WMD = -1.53; 95% CI = -2.13, -0.93, p < 0.001), and only for regular physical activity practitioners (WMD = -0.95; 95% CI = -1.70, -0.19, p = 0.014). There was no significant effect on FFM in any of the scenarios investigated (p > 0.05). Due to several and important limitations, more detailed analyses are required regarding FFM gain.
<i>Clonorcis sinensis</i> eggs are associated with calcium carbonate gallbladder stones; Calcium carbonate gallbladder stones were easily neglected because they were previously reported as a rare stone type in adults. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between calcium carbonate stones and Clonorchis sinensis infection. A total of 598 gallbladder stones were studied. The stone types were identified by FTIR spectroscopy. The C. sinensis eggs and DNA were detected by microscopic examination and real-time fluorescent PCR respectively. And then, some egg-positive stones were randomly selected for further SEM examination. Corresponding clinical characteristics of patients with different types of stones were also statistically analyzed. The detection rate of C. sinensis eggs in calcium carbonate stone, pigment stone, mixed stone and cholesterol stone types, as well as other stone types was 60%, 44%, 36%, 6% and 30%, respectively, which was highest in calcium carbonate stone yet lowest in cholesterol stone. A total of 182 stones were egg-positive, 67 (37%) of which were calcium carbonate stones. The C. sinensis eggs were found adherent to calcium carbonate crystals by both light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy. Patients with calcium carbonate stones were mainly male between the ages of 30 and 60, the CO2 combining power of patients with calcium carbonate stones were higher than those with cholesterol stones. Calcium carbonate gallbladder stones are not rare, the formation of which may be associated with C. sinensis infection. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the effects of diets enriched in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids on serum lipids and lipoproteins in healthy women and men; The degree to which different saturated fatty acids exert their cholesterol-raising effects is still unknown. Therefore, 0we studied the effect on serum lipids and lipoproteins of diets rich in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. Eighteen women and 14 men consumed in random order three experimental diets, each for 6 wk. The diets consisted of solid foods and contained 40% of energy as fat, of which 28% was supplied by the experimental fats. The fat high in lauric acid was a mixture of palm kernel oil (75%) and a high-oleic acid sunflower oil (25%); the fat high in palmitic acid consisted of dairy fat (55%), palmstearin (36%), and sunflower oil (9%); and the fat high in oleic acid consisted of dairy fat (37%) and sunflower oil (63%). The calculated nutrient composition was the same in each diet except for approximate to 8.5% of energy, which was provided by lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. With the lauric acid diet the subjects' serum total cholesterol concentration increased by 0.22 mmol/L (P = 0.0121; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.41 mmol/L) as compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.48 mmol/L (P < 0.0001; 95% CI: 0.29, 0.67 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. Total cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid diet were 0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.0012; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.46 mmol/L) higher than with the oleic acid diet. High-density-lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentrations increased by 0.12 mmol/L (P = 0.006; 95% CI: 0.04, 0.20 mmol/L) with the lauric acid compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.14 mmol/L (P < 0.001; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.22 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. HDL-cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid and the oleic acid diet were the same. No effects were seen in serum triacylglycerol and lipoprotein(a) concentrations. We conclude that both lauric and palmitic acids are hypercholesterolemic compared with oleic acid. Lauric acid raises total cholesterol concentrations more than palmitic acid, which is partly due to a stronger rise in HDL cholesterol.
EFFECTS OF PARTIALLY HYDROGENATED FISH-OIL, PARTIALLY HYDROGENATED SOYBEAN OIL, AND BUTTER ON SERUM-LIPOPROTEINS AND LP[A] IN MEN; We have compared the effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil (PHFO-diet), partially hydrogenated soybean oil (PHSO-diet), and butterfat (butter-diet) on serum lipids and lipoprotein[a] in 31 young men. The three test margarines, which contributed 78% of total fat in the diets, were produced from 70% of butterfat, PHSO, or PHFO, each with 30% of soybean oil. Fat provided about 35% of energy, and trans fatty acids 0.9%, 8.5%, and 8.0% of energy in the butter-, the PHSO-, and the PHFO-diet, respectively. Dietary cholesterol was balanced by the addition of dried egg powder to the PHSO-and the butter-diet; thus all diets contained 420 mg dietary cholesterol per 10 MJ per day. The subjects consumed all three test diets for 19-21 days in a random order (crossover design). The serum levels of total and LDL-cholesterol were significantly elevated on the PHFO-diet (mean values 5.42 and 3.94 mmol/L, respectively) compared to the PHSO-diet (5.11 and 3.58 mmol/L, respectively) but not different from those on the butter-diet (5.32 and 3.81 mmol/L, respectively). LDL-cholesterol was significantly reduced on the PHSO-diet compared to the butter-diet. The level of HDL-cholesterol was significantly lower on the PHFO-diet (0.98 mmol/L) when compared to the butter-diet (1.05 mmol/L) and with border-line significance compared to the PHSO-diet (1.05 mmol/L). The ratio of LDL- to HDL-cholesterol was significantly higher on the PHFO-diet (4.20) when compared to both other test diets (3.85 and 3.65, respectively). No significant differences in triglyceride values were observed. Lp[a] increased and apoA-I decreased significantly after consumption of both the PHSO-diet and the PHFO-diet, compared to the butter-diet. In conclusion, our results indicate that consumption of PHFO may unfavorably affect lipid risk indicators for coronary heart disease at least to the same extent as butterfat. To what extent the observed effects are due to the content of monoene trans, diene trans, or to the long chain saturated fatty acids in PHFO remains to be elucidated.
Effectiveness and Acceptability of a Moisturizing Cream and a Barrier Cream During Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in the Tropics A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Inconsistent evidence about product effectiveness to prevent moist desquamation during radiation treatment and minimal research about the acceptability to patients of recommended products prompted this study. Objective: This randomized controlled trial compared the effectiveness of 2 creams at minimizing the incidence of moist desquamation in a tropical setting and explored which product was most acceptable to patients receiving radiation treatment. Methods: Participants (n = 255) were stratified according to breast or chest wall radiation treatment and randomly allocated to use a moisturizing or barrier cream. Nurses assessed radiation skin reactions weekly with a standardized grading system, and patients were telephoned 1 month after completing treatment for a final skin assessment. Participants completed an Acceptability Survey at similar times. Results: At treatment completion, 15% of participants had moist desquamation. An additional 26% self-reported this at follow-up. Risk factors for moist desquamation included increased breast cup size and body mass index. The barrier cream significantly reduced the incidence of moist desquamation during treatment in patients receiving radiation to the chest wall ((2) = 3.93, P = .047). Participants preferred the barrier cream over the moisturizer ((2) = 5.81, P = .02) during treatment. Conclusions: This study identified a relatively high incidence of moist desquamation in patients receiving radiation therapy for breast cancer. Future patients will have information about product effectiveness in minimizing moist desquamation when choosing skin care products. Implications for Practice: Structured discharge planning and patient education need to include information about factors that contribute to the likelihood of developing moist desquamation.
Effect of Casein Hydrolysate on Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Casein hydrolysate has various biological functional activities, especially prominent are angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitory activities. Increasing evidence has reported the prominent hypotensive effect of casein hydrolysate. However, the effects of casein hydrolysate on cardiovascular risk factors remain unclear and require more comprehensive and detailed studies. Here, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis on eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to summarize the effects of casein hydrolysate supplementation on blood pressure, blood lipids, and blood glucose. In the pooled analyses, casein hydrolysate significantly reduced systolic blood pressure by 3.20 mmHg (-4.53 to -1.87 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure by 1.50 mmHg (-2.31 to -0.69 mmHg). Supplementation of casein hydrolysate displayed no effect on total cholesterol (-0.07 mmol/L; -0.17 to 0.03 mmol/L), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-0.04 mmol/L; -0.15 to 0.08 mmol/L), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-0.01 mmol/L; -0.06 to 0.03 mmol/L), triglycerides (-0.05 mmol/L, -0.14 to 0.05 mmol/L), or fasting blood glucose (-0.01 mmol/L; -0.10 to 0.09 mmol/L) compared with the placebo diets. Collectively, this study indicated that supplementation of casein hydrolysate displayed decreasing effect on blood pressure without affecting blood lipids or glycemic status.
Acute and short-term effects of Lactobacillus paracasei subsp. paracasei 431 and inulin intake on appetite control and dietary intake: A two-phases randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled study; This study aims to examine the acute and short-term effects of prebiotics, probiotics, and their combination on appetite, energy intake and satiety related hormones in two phases. The first phase was a randomized, double blind, placebo controlled crossover study. Prebiotic (16 g inulin), probiotic (Lactobacillus paracasei subsp. paracasei 431 (L. casei 431) (> 10(6) cfu/ml), synbiotic (their combination) and control (16 g maltodextrin) dairy drinks were consumed by 16 healthy men with a standard breakfast on four separate test days, and the following satiety responses and ad libitum food intake at lunch and over 24 h were assessed. In the second phase, the effects of 21 days of synbiotic (n = 10) or control (n = 11) drink consumption on appetite sensation, energy intake, serum glucose, insulin, peptide YY, ghrelin, obestatin and adiponectin concentration were assessed in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled design. In the first phase, energy intake values during ad libitum lunch were the lowest in the prebiotic drink, followed by probiotic, synbiotic and control drinks, respectively (p = 0.017); also the rest of the day and 24-h dietary energy intake was lower by prebiotic and probiotic drinks compared to the control drink (p < 0.05 for each). For short-term effects, no significant difference in anthropometric measurements, hunger-satiety scores and serum glucose, insulin, PYY, ghrelin, obestatin and adiponectin concentrations were recorded. Despite the potential of prebiotics and probiotics to reduce energy intake, further studies are required for a better understanding of their role in satiety related mechanisms.
Randomized clinical trials on the effects of dietary fat and carbohydrate on plasma lipoproteins and cardiovascular disease; Several dietary approaches have reduced cardiovascular events in randomized clinical trials. Replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat prevented coronary events in men, and a Mediterranean diet and fatty fish improved survival. None of these trials had much impact on total fat intake but rather increased vegetable oils, n-3 fatty acids, or many other plant foods or nutrients that are linked to coronary prevention. The reductions in cardiovascular disease (CVD) caused by these dietary therapies compare favorably with drug treatments for hyperlipidemia and hypertension. Improvement in blood lipid risk factors is an important mechanism to explain the,results of trials of unsaturated fats. When saturated or trans unsaturated fats are replaced with monounsaturated or n-6 polyunsaturated fats from vegetable oils, primarily low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreases. The LDL to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio decreases. When carbohydrates are used to replace saturated fats, in a low-fat diet, LDL and HDL decrease similarly, and the ratio is not improved; triglycerides increase as well when carbohydrate increases, except when low glycemic index foods are used. The n-3 polyunsaturated fats in fish oils suppress cardiac arrhythmias and reduce triglycerides, but they have little effect on LDL or HDL cholesterol levels. The theme should be that diet. has benefits that come directly from foods, as well as from the reduction in saturated fats, cholesterol, meats, and fatty dairy foods. It is likely that many diets could be designed that could prevent CVD. This potential diversity is crucial for engaging the diverse cultures and tastes of people worldwide in cardiovascular disease prevention. (C) 2002 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Phytosterols Supplementation Reduces Endothelin-1 Plasma Concentration in Moderately Hypercholesterolemic Individuals Independently of Their Cholesterol-Lowering Properties; Experimental and clinical studies have demonstrated the effect of phytosterols (PS) on reducing plasma levels of cholesterol and LDL-c, but the effects of plant sterols beyond cholesterol-lowering are still questionable. Since inflammation and endothelial dysfunction are involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, this study aims to evaluate the effect of PS on biomarkers involved in atherosclerosis progression and whether these effects are independent of alterations in plasma LDL-c levels. Thirty-eight moderately hypercholesterolemic volunteers (58 +/- 12 years; LDL-c >= 130 mg/dL) were randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/day) for 4 weeks in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study. Blood samples were collected and lipid profiles and biomarkers for inflammation and endothelial dysfunction determined. The results showed that PS treatment reduced endothelin-1 plasma concentration by 11% (p = 0.02) independently of variations in plasma levels of LDL-c. No alterations were observed regarding fibrinogen, IL-6, hs-CRP, SAA, TNF alpha, or VCAM-1 between placebo and PS-treated groups. Furthermore, PS reduced total plasma cholesterol concentration (-5,5%, p < 0.001), LDL-c (-6.4%, p < 0.05), triglycerides (-8.3%, p < 0.05), and apo B (-5.3%, p < 0.05), without changing HDL-c concentration (p > 0.05). Therefore, PS supplementation effectively lowers endothelin-1 independently of the reductions in plasma levels of LDL-c, contributing to the comprehension of the effect of plant sterols on endothelial function and prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Beneficial effects of a Paleolithic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes: a randomized cross-over pilot study; Background: Our aim was to compare the effects of a Paleolithic ('Old Stone Age') diet and a diabetes diet as generally recommended on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes not treated with insulin. Methods: In a randomized cross-over study, 13 patients with type 2 diabetes, 3 women and 10 men, were instructed to eat a Paleolithic diet based on lean meat, fish, fruits, vegetables, root vegetables, eggs and nuts; and a Diabetes diet designed in accordance with dietary guidelines during two consecutive 3-month periods. Outcome variables included changes in weight, waist circumference, serum lipids, C-reactive protein, blood pressure, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), and areas under the curve for plasma glucose and plasma insulin in the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test. Dietary intake was evaluated by use of 4-day weighed food records. Results: Study participants had on average a diabetes duration of 9 years, a mean HbA1c of 6,6% units by MonoS standard and were usually treated with metformin alone (3 subjects) or metformin in combination with a sulfonylurea (3 subjects) or a thiazolidinedione (3 subjects). Mean average dose of metformin was 1031 mg per day. Compared to the diabetes diet, the Paleolithic diet resulted in lower mean values of HbA1c (-0.4% units, p = 0.01), triacylglycerol (-0.4 mmol/L, p = 0.003), diastolic blood pressure (-4 mmHg, p = 0.03), weight (-3 kg, p = 0.01), BMI (-1 kg/m(2), p = 0.04) and waist circumference (-4 cm, p = 0.02), and higher mean values of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (+0.08 mmol/L, p = 0.03). The Paleolithic diet was mainly lower in cereals and dairy products, and higher in fruits, vegetables, meat and eggs, as compared with the Diabetes diet. Further, the Paleolithic diet was lower in total energy, energy density, carbohydrate, dietary glycemic load, saturated fatty acids and calcium, and higher in unsaturated fatty acids, dietary cholesterol and several vitamins. Dietary GI was slightly lower in the Paleolithic diet (GI = 50) than in the Diabetic diet (GI = 55). Conclusion: Over a 3-month study period, a Paleolithic diet improved glycemic control and several cardiovascular risk factors compared to a Diabetes diet in patients with type 2 diabetes.
High calcium intake from fat-free milk, body composition and glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomised crossover clinical trial; We evaluated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk v. low-Ca control diet on adiposity and on glycaemic control. Fourteen subjects with type 2 diabetes (aged 49 center dot 5 (sd 8 center dot 6) years, BMI 29 center dot 4 (sd 4 center dot 5) kg/m(2), low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects participated in two 12-week experimental sessions (high-Ca fat-free milk (HC) or low-Ca control (LC)) separated by 8-week washout. Subjects daily consumed in the laboratory a breakfast shake containing 700 mg (HC) or 6 center dot 4 mg (LC) of Ca. Energy-restricted diets containing 800 mg of dietary Ca/d were prescribed. Dietary records data indicated the consumption of 1200 mg of Ca/d during HC and of 525 mg of Ca/d during LC. There was a greater reduction in body weight, body fat mass, waist circumference and waist:hip ratio after HC. Serum 25-hydoxyvitamin D and homeostatic model assessment-2 beta-cell function (HOMA2-%B) increased, and serum uric acid, parathormone (PTH) and glycated Hb (HbA1c) concentrations reduced after HC. In addition, changes from baseline in terms of serum uric acid, glucose, HbA1c and PTH concentrations were lower, and those of HOMA2-%B, serum Ca and 25-hydoxyvitamin D were higher after the HC than after LC. The consumption of approximately three servings of fat-free milk and 1200 mg of dietary Ca/d enhanced weight loss, improved body composition and promoted glycaemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d).
EFFECTS OF FEEDING OLEIC-ACID OR HYDROGENATED VEGETABLE-OILS TO LACTATING COWS; Feeding trials were performed to clarify the mechanism by which unsaturated oil depresses milk fat percentage. Oleic acid at 250 or 500 ml/cow per day did not reduce milk fat percentage significantly. At 500 ml these changes were significant (control, oleic); rumen acetate 61.6, 60.3%; rumen propionate 19.4, 21.0%; milk fat content of 18:1 trans fatty acid 3.0, 8.0%; 18:2 cis fatty acid 2.2, 1.4%. Feeding hydrogenated vegetable oil containing 13% trans acid at 454 g/cow per day slightly decreased milk fat percentage and elevated plasma cholesterol 190-245 mg/100 ml and 18:1 trans fatty acid in milk fat 4.2-6.2%. Hydrogenated vegetable oil containing 49% 18:1 trans acid at 454 g daily decreased milk fat 3.9-3.1%. Milk fat triglycerides decreased in short chain fatty acids and increased in 18:1 trans 2.6-11.2%, 18:1 cis 22.9-29.0% and 18:2 trans 0.2-1.8%. Milk phospholipids decreased 14.1-9.6% in 14:0 fatty acid and increased 0.3-3.1% in 18:1 trans and 20.5-31.4% in 18:1 cis. Blood cholesterol esters were increased 152-195 mg/100 ml. trans acids or compounds produced in the rumen during their formation from polyunsaturated fatty acids are responsible for milk fat depression from unsaturated oils.
DUODENAL RAPESEED OIL INFUSION IN EARLY AND MIDLACTATION COWS .3. PLASMA HORMONES AND MAMMARY APPARENT UPTAKE OF METABOLITES; Rapeseed oil was infused continuously (1.0 to 1.1 kg/d) into the duodenum of Holstein x Friesian multiparous cows during the first 3 wk of lactation (oil treatment, 6 cows versus 6 controls, early lactation trail) or after 100 d of lactation (midlactation trial, 9 cows in a crossover design). In the midlactation trial, plasma glucose, 3-hydroxybutyrate, and free glycerol were not affected by oil infusion.  Postprandial plasma NEFA were higher in oil-infused than in control cows; plasma triglycerides, phospholipids, and cholesterol were significantly increased in oil treatment.  Plasma insulin was lower and somatotropin higher in oil-infused cows, whereas insulin-like growth factor-I and triiodothyronine were not affected. During the early lactation trial, there were few significant effects of oil infusion on measured plasma metabolites and hormones.  Preprandial glucose and NEFA were lower in oil treatment during wk 2, preprandial phospholipids were higher in wk 1 and 3, and free cholesterl was higher in wk 1. Responses of plasma glucose and NEFA to insulin challenge were not clearly affected by oil treatment during either trial.  Differences in plasma triglycerides between jugular and mammary veins were higher in oil treatment in both trials.  Oil infusion did not affect jugular-mammary differences of other metabolites except for a slight increase in cholesterol esters in midlactation.  The relationships between jugular-mammary differences and jugular plasma concentrations showed that up to 24, 27, 54, and 17% of jugular glucose, NEFA, triglycerides, and 3-hydroxybutyrate apparently were taken up by the mammary gland.
Effect of a new fermented soy milk product on serum lipid levels in normocholesterolemic men.; Effect of a new fermented soy milk product on serum lipid levels in normocholesterolemic men. This study was undertaken to verify the effect of a daily intake of a new fermented soy milk produced with Enterococcus faecium and Lactobacillus jugurti on the serum lipid levels in normocholesterolemic middle-aged men. The study was randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled and was performed for a period of 6 weeks. Forty-four normocholesterolemic healthy, male volunteers, aged 40-55 years old were randomly separated in two groups: The F-group received 200 ml of the fermented product daily and the P-group received 200 ml of placebo (chemically fermented). The blood samples were drawn initially and after 3 and 6 weeks and serum values for total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride were determined. The LDL-cholesterol value was estimated. No significant changes in the fermented group (F) were observed for total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol or triglyceride levels, while the HDL-cholesterol level was significantly higher (pless than or equal to0.05) after 6 weeks. The total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels were significantly higer (pless than or equal to0.05) in the placebo group (P), but no changes were found for the HDL-cholestrol and triglyceride levels during the experimental period. In conclusion, the intake of 200 ml/day of the fermented soy milk, produced with E.faecium and L. jugurti, for 6 weeks, did not affect the serum total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol, and led an increase of 10% in the HDL-cholesterol level.
The effect of vitamin D fortified products on anthropometric indices: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and purpose: The reported effects of vitamin D on anthropometric indices have been inconsistent. This meta-analysis was conducted in order to assess the impact of vitamin D fortified food on weight, body mass index (BMI), fat mass, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC) and waist to hip ratio (WHR). Materials and methods: PubMed/Medline, ISI Web of Knowledge, ScienceDirect, Scopus, Cochrane Library and Google Scholar were searched up to the end of 2019. We selected only randomized controlled trials in which vitamin D fortified food was used as the intervention, and a regular diet was used in the control group. Results: Vitamin D fortified products appeared to have a significant effect on WC (MD:-1.283; 95% CI,-1.892 to-0.674) and WHR (MD:-0.020; 95%CI:-0.035 to-0.004). Conclusion: This meta-an-alysis showed that whilst a diet containing vitamin D fortified foods does not reduce body weight or BMI, it has beneficial effect on WHR and WC.
DIFFERENCES BETWEEN PROGENY OF BEEF SIRES IN SUSCEPTIBILITY TO FESCUE TOXICOSIS; Fifteen progeny of two Polled Hereford sires were fed endophyte-infected tall fescue seed (E+) to investigate variability in susceptibility to fescue toxicosis. One sire, bred in Missouri, was reputed to produce calves that were resistant to fescue toxicosis. The Control sire, from Virginia, had unknown merit for susceptibility. There were two phases in which E+ was included in the diet (2 and 4) and three in which it was not (1, 3, and 5). Voluntary feed intake, serum prolactin, cholesterol, and alkaline phosphatase concentrations; ability to maintain homeothermy (afternoon minus morning rectal temperature); and heat-transfer inefficiency (afternoon rectal minus afternoon surface temperatures) were monitored. Intake and prolactin concentration were decreased by E+, but sire groups did not differ in responses across phases. Cholesterol levels were lower during E+ phases, and the rate of increase in cholesterol concentration after withdrawal of E+ differed between groups. Alkaline phosphatase concentrations were lower during E+ phases; calves from the Control sire showed greater reduction than calves sired by the Missouri sire. Ability to maintain homeothermy was reduced by E+, but the reduction did not differ between sire groups. Heat-transfer inefficiencies were not indicative of fescue toxicosis in this study. Evidence was not compelling to support the existence of differences between the sire groups for susceptibility to toxicosis. However, progeny of the Missouri bull had higher feed intake and lower rectal and body surface temperatures through nearly all phases of the trial. This may account for the reputation of the Missouri bull to sire calves with relatively high resistance to fescue toxicosis.
<i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> CHO-220 and inulin reduced plasma total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol via alteration of lipid transporters; This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and parallel-designed study was conducted to investigate the effect of a synbiotic product containing Lactobacillus acidophilus CHO-220 and inulin on lipid profiles of hypercholesterolemic men and women. Thirty-two hypercholesterolemic men and women with initial mean plasma cholesterol levels of 5.7 +/- 0.32 mmol/L were recruited for the 12-wk study. The subjects were randomly allocated to 2 groups; namely the treatment group (synbiotic product) and the control group (placebo), and each received 4 capsules of synbiotic or placebo daily. Our results showed that the mean body weight, energy, and nutrient intake of the subjects did not differ between the 2 groups over the study period. The supplementation of synbiotic reduced plasma total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol by 7.84 and 9.27%, respectively, compared with the control over 12 wk. Lipoproteins were subsequently subfractionated and characterized. The synbiotic supplementation resulted in a lower concentration of triglycerides in the very low, intermediate, low; and high-density lipoprotein particles compared with the control over 12 wk. The concentration of triglycerides in lipoproteins is positively correlated with an increased risk of atherosclerosis. Our results showed that the synbiotic might exhibit an atheropreventive characteristic. Cholesteryl ester (CE) in the high-density lipoprotein particles of the synbiotic group was also higher compared with the control, indicating greater transport of cholesterol in the form of CE to the liver for hydrolysis. This may have led to the reduced plasma total cholesterol level of the synbiotic group. The supplementation of synbiotic also reduced the concentration of CE in the LDL particles compared with the control, leading to the formation of smaller and denser particles that are more easily removed from blood. This supported the reduced LDL-cholesterol level of the synbiotic group compared with the control. Our present study showed that the synbiotic product improved plasma total- and LDL-cholesterol levels by modifying the interconnected pathways of lipid transporters. In addition, although Lactobacillus acidophilus CHO-220 could deconjugate bile, our results showed a statistically insignificant difference in the levels of conjugated, deconjugated, primary, and secondary bile acids between the synbiotic and control groups over 12 wk, indicating safety from bile-related toxicity.
Effect of Cheese Intake on Cardiovascular Diseases and Cardiovascular Biomarkers; Background: A growing number of cohort studies revealed an inverse association between cheese intake and cardiovascular diseases, yet the causal relationship is unclear. Objective: To assess the causal relationship between cheese intake, and cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular biomarkers. Methods: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis based on publicly available genome-wide association studies was employed to infer the causal relationship. The effect estimates were calculated using the random-effects inverse-variance-weighted method. Results: Cheese intake per standard deviation increase causally reduced the risks of type 2 diabetes (odds ratio (OR) = 0.46; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.34-0.63; p = 1.02 x 10(-6)), heart failure (OR = 0.62; 95% CI, 0.49-0.79; p = 0.0001), coronary heart disease (OR = 0.65; 95% CI, 0.53-0.79; p = 2.01 x 10(-5)), hypertension (OR = 0.67; 95% CI, 0.53-0.84; p = 0.001), and ischemic stroke (OR = 0.76; 95% CI, 0.63-0.91; p = 0.003). Suggestive evidence of an inverse association between cheese intake and peripheral artery disease was also observed. No associations were observed for atrial fibrillation, cardiac death, pulmonary embolism, or transient ischemic attack. The better prognosis associated with cheese intake may be explained by lower body mass index (BMI; effect estimate = -0.58; 95% CI, from -0.88 to -0.27; p = 0.0002), waist circumference (effect estimate = -0.49; 95% CI, from -0.76 to -0.23; p = 0.0003), triglycerides (effect estimate = -0.33; 95% CI, from -0.50 to -0.17; p = 4.91 x 10(-5)), and fasting glucose (effect estimate = -0.20; 95% CI, from -0.33 to -0.07; p = 0.0003). There was suggestive evidence of a positive association between cheese intake and high-density lipoprotein. No influences were observed for blood pressure or inflammation biomarkers. Conclusions: This two-sample MR analysis found causally inverse associations between cheese intake and type 2 diabetes, heart failure, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and ischemic stroke.
Scientific Opinion on the substantiation of health claims related to calcium and maintenance of normal bone and teeth (ID 2731, 3155, 4311, 4312, 4703), maintenance of normal hair and nails (ID 399, 3155), maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations (ID 349, 1893), maintenance of normal blood HDL-cholesterol concentrations (ID 349, 1893), reduction in the severity of symptoms related to the premenstrual syndrome (ID 348, 1892), "cell membrane permeability" (ID 363), reduction of tiredness and fatigue (ID 232), contribution to normal psychological functions (ID 233), contribution to the maintenance or achievement of a normal body weight (ID 228, 229) and regulation of normal cell division and differentiation (ID 237) pursuant to Article 13(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 EFSA Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies (NDA); Following a request from the European Commission, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to provide a scientific opinion on a list of health claims pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006. This opinion addresses the scientific substantiation of health claims in relation to calcium and maintenance of normal bone and teeth, maintenance of normal hair and nails, maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations, maintenance of normal blood HDL-cholesterol concentrations, reduction in the severity of symptoms related to the premenstrual syndrome, cell membrane permeability, reduction of tiredness and fatigue, contribution to normal psychological functions, contribution to the maintenance or achievement of a normal body weight and regulation of cell division and differentiation. The scientific substantiation is based on the information provided by the Member States in the consolidated list of Article 13 health claims and references that EFSA has received from Member States or directly from stakeholders. The food constituent that is the subject of the health claims is calcium. The Panel considers that calcium is sufficiently characterised. Maintenance of normal bone and teeth The claimed effects are "bone health-mineralisation", "bone health", "essential for proper structure and development of bones, teeth and nails" and "calcium is essential for growth". The target population is assumed to be the general population. A claim on calcium and maintenance of normal bone and teeth has already been assessed with a favourable outcome. Maintenance of normal hair and nails The claimed effects are "significant effect on building of hair and nails" and "essential for proper structure and development of bones, teeth and nails". The target population is assumed to be the general population. The Panel considers that maintenance of normal hair and nails is a beneficial physiological effect. No references have been provided from which conclusions could be drawn for the scientific substantiation of the claimed effect. On the basis of the data presented, the Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the dietary intake of calcium and the maintenance of normal hair and nails. Maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations The claimed effect is "cholesterol: calcium reduces LDL-cholesterol and increases HDL-cholesterol, calcium participates to the control of cholesterol". The target population is assumed to be the general population. The Panel considers that maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations is a beneficial physiological effect. In weighing the evidence, the Panel took into account that six out of nine randomised, placebo-controlled, intervention studies (RCTs), including two large RCTs, showed no effect of calcium intake on LDL-cholesterol concentrations, and that no evidence was provided for a biologically plausible mechanism by which calcium could exert the claimed effect. The Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the dietary intake of calcium and the maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Maintenance of normal blood HDL-cholesterol concentrations The claimed effect is "cholesterol: calcium reduces LDL-cholesterol and increases HDL-cholesterol. Calcium participates to the control of cholesterol". The target population is assumed to be the general population. The Panel considers that maintenance of normal blood HDL-cholesterol concentrations (without increasing LDL-cholesterol concentrations) may be a beneficial physiological effect. In weighing the evidence, the Panel took into account that six of the seven small RCTs showed no effect of calcium intake on HDL-cholesterol concentrations, that one large RCT not designed to address the effects of calcium intake on blood lipids showed a significant increase in HDL-cholesterol concentrations, that results from the largest RCT available which was specifically designed to address the effects of calcium intake on blood lipids showed no effect of calcium supplementation on HDL-cholesterol concentrations, and that no evidence was provided for a biologically plausible mechanism by which calcium could exert the claimed effect. The Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the dietary intake of calcium and the maintenance of normal blood HDL-cholesterol concentrations. Reduction in the severity of symptoms related to the premenstrual syndrome The claimed effect is "premenstrual health: calcium alleviates premenstrual syndromes". The target population is assumed to be women with premenstrual syndrome. The Panel considers that reduction in the severity of symptoms related to the premenstrual syndrome is a beneficial physiological effect. In weighing the evidence, the Panel took into account that only one small intervention study in humans was provided from which limited conclusions could be drawn in relation to the claimed effect, and that no evidence for a biologically plausible mechanism by which calcium could exert the claimed effect has been provided. On the basis of the data presented, the Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the dietary intake of calcium and reduction in the severity of symptoms related to the premenstrual syndrome. "Cell membrane permeability" The claimed effect is cell functioning. The target population is assumed to be the general population. In the context of the proposed wordings and clarifications provided by Member States, the Panel assumes that the claimed effect refers to "cell membrane permeability". The Panel considers that the claimed effect, "cell membrane permeability", is not sufficiently defined for a scientific evaluation. The Panel considers that the claimed effect is general and non-specific and does not refer to any specific health claim as required by Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006. Reduction of tiredness and fatigue The claimed effect is "vitamin/mineral supplementation to reduce fatigue and tiredness in situations of inadequate micronutrient status". The target population is assumed to be the general population. The Panel considers that reduction of tiredness and fatigue is a beneficial physiological effect. No references have been provided from which conclusions could be drawn for the scientific substantiation of the claimed effect. On the basis of the data presented, the Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the dietary intake of calcium and reduction of tiredness and fatigue. Contribution to normal psychological functions The claimed effect is "the role of vitamins and minerals in mental performance (where mental performance stands for those aspects of brain and nerve functions which determine aspects like concentration, learning, memory and reasoning)". The target population is assumed to be the general population. The Panel considers that contribution to normal psychological functions, which encompass cognitive and affective domains, is a beneficial physiological effect. No references have been provided from which conclusions could be drawn for the scientific substantiation of the claimed effect. On the basis of the data presented, the Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the dietary intake of calcium and contribution to normal psychological functions. Contribution to the maintenance or achievement of a normal body weight The claimed effect is "weight management". The target population is assumed to be the general population. The Panel considers that contribution to the maintenance or achievement of a normal body weight is a beneficial physiological effect. In weighing the evidence, the Panel took into account that, although epidemiological studies generally observe an inverse relationship between calcium intake and body weight, evidence from a large number of randomised controlled trials does not support this hypothesis, and that the evidence for possible mechanisms by which calcium intake could exert an effect on body weight control is not convincing. The Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the intake of calcium and contribution to the maintenance or achievement of a normal body weight. Regulation of normal cell division and differentiation The claimed effect is "colorectal cell protection". The target population is assumed to be the general population. The functional role of calcium in the regulation of cell division and differentiation is not limited to colorectal cells. The Panel considers that normal regulation of cell division and differentiation is a beneficial physiological effect. The evidence available from consensus opinions/reports from authoritative bodies and reviews shows that there is consensus on the role of calcium in normal regulation of cell division and differentiation. The Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has been established between calcium and normal regulation of cell division and differentiation. Conditions and possible restrictions of use The Panel considers that, in order to bear the claims, a food should be at least a source of calcium as per Annex to Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006. Such amounts can be easily consumed as part of a balanced diet. The target population is the general population.
An oil mixture with <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid increases markers of inflammation and in vivo lipid peroxidation compared with <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid in postmenopausal women; A mixture of trans-10, cis-12 (t10,c12) and cis-9, trans-11 (c9, t11) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA mixture) reduced atherosclerosis in animals, thus the effect of these isomers on endothelial dysfunctions leading to inflammation and atherosclerosis is of interest. We gave 75 healthy postmenopausal women a daily supplement of 5.5 g of oil rich in either CLA mixture, an oil rich in the naturally occurring c9,t11 CLA (CLA rnilk), respectively, or olive oil for 16 wk in a double-blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We sampled blood and urine before and after the intervention. The ratios of total cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and concentrations of C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were significantly higher in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than in those supplemented with CLA milk. Plasma triacylglycerol was significantly higher and HDL cholesterol was lower in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than with olive oil. Both CLA supplements increased lipid peroxidation, a marker of in vivo oxidative stress measured as urinary free 8-iso-prbstaglandin F-2 alpha. However, the CLA mixture increased lipid peroxidation more than the CLA milk did. The plasma cytokines interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-a were not affected by the treatments, nor were any of the other variables measured. In conclusion, oil containing trans-10,cis-12 CLA has several adverse effects on classical and novel markers of coronary vascular disease, whereas the c9, t11 CLA isomer is more neutral, except for a small but significant increase in lipid peroxidation compared with olive oil.
Fish-oil esters of plant sterols improve the lipid profile of dyslipidemic subjects more than do fish-oil or sunflower oil esters of plant sterols; Background: Fish-oil fatty acid esters of plant sterols (FO-PS) were shown to have hypotriglyceridemic and hypocholesterolemic properties in animal models. Objective: The objective of the study was to evaluate the hypolipidemic effects of FO-PS supplementation in healthy hypercholesterolemic persons fed an olive oil (OO)-based diet. Design: Twenty-one moderately overweight, hyperlipidemic subjects participated in a semi-randomized, single-blind, 4-period crossover study including 4 experimental isoenergetic diets of 4 wk each and 4-wk intervening washout periods. Diets contained 30% of energy as fat, of which 70% was from extra-virgin OO, and differed only in the supplement oil: OO, fish oil, FO-PS, or sunflower oil esters of plant sterols (SU-PS). Both fish oil and FO-PS provided 5.4 g total eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids/d. FO-PS, SU-PS, and OO provided the equivalent of 1.7, 1.7, and 0.02 g free plant sterols/d, respectively. Results: Fish oil and FO-PS resulted in fasting and postprandial plasma triacylglycerol concentrations that were markedly lower than those observed with OO and SU-PS (P = 0.0001), but to a different extent. LDL cholesterol was significantly lower after supplementation with FO-PS and SU-PS than at the end of the control OO diet (P = 0.0031 and 0.0407, respectively). HDL cholesterol was not affected. FO-PS and SU-PS resulted in a lower ratio of total to HDL cholesterol and lower apolipoprotein (apo) B concentrations than did OO and fish oil. The ratio of apoB to apoA was significantly lower after SU-PS consumption than after consumption of OO (P = 0.0126) and fish oil (P = 0.0292). FO-PS and SU-PS resulted in similar ratios of apoB to apoA. HDL2 and the ratio of HDL2 to HDL, were significantly higher at the end of the FO-PS treatment than at the end of the OO (P = 0.0006), fish oil (P = 0.0036), and SU-PS (P = 0.0016) treatments. Conclusion: Supplementation of an OO-based diet with FO-PS may reduce cardiovascular disease risk more than does supplementation with fish oil or SU-PS.
Addition of a dairy fraction rich in milk fat globule membrane to a high-saturated fat meal reduces the postprandial insulinaemic and inflammatory response in overweight and obese adults; Meals high in SFA, particularly palmitate, are associated with postprandial inflammation and insulin resistance. Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) has anti-inflammatory properties that may attenuate the negative effects of SFA-rich meals. Our objective was to examine the postprandial metabolic and inflammatory response to a high-fat meal composed of palm oil (PO) compared with PO with an added dairy fraction rich in MFGM (PO+MFGM) in overweight and obese men and women (n 36) in a randomised, double-blinded, cross-over trial. Participants consumed two isoenergetic high-fat meals composed of a smoothie enriched with PO with v. without a cream-derived complex milk lipid fraction (dairy fraction rich in MFGM) separated by a washout of 1-2 weeks. Serum cytokines, adhesion molecules, cortisol and markers of inflammation were measured at fasting, and at 1, 3 and 6 h postprandially. Glucose, insulin and lipid profiles were analysed in plasma. Consumption of the PO + MFGM v. PO meal resulted in lower total cholesterol (P = 0.021), LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.046), soluble intracellular adhesion molecule (P = 0.005) and insulin (P = 0.005) incremental AUC, and increased IL-10 (P = 0.013). Individuals with high baseline C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations (= 3 mg/l, n 17) had higher (P = 0.030) insulin at 1 h after the PO meal than individuals with CRP concentrations <3 mg/l (n 19). The addition of MFGM attenuated this difference between CRP groups. The addition of a dairy fraction rich in MFGM attenuated the negative effects of a high-SFA meal by reducing postprandial cholesterol, inflammatory markers and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals, particularly in those with elevated CRP.
THE EFFECTS OF INDIVIDUAL AND COMBINED FEEDING OF HIGH MONOSODIUM PHOSPHATE AND ALPHA-TOCOPHEROL SUPPLEMENTED MILK REPLACER DIETS AND AN ALTERNATE PROTEIN-DIET ON MUSCLE COLOR, COMPOSITION AND CHOLESTEROL CONTENT OF VEAL; Forty nonruminating Holstein bull calves divided randomly into four groups of 10 each at 14 wk of age were fed a milk replacer diet supplemented with high NaH2PO4 (MP, 18 g.cntdot.calf-1.cntdot.d-1) vitamin E (VITE, 100 mg.cntdot.calf-1.cntdot.d-1) or both. Effects on veal color, palatability and cholesterol content were investigated. An additional group (n = 10) also was used to investigate the effect of a less costly alternate protein diet (AP) on these characteristics. Blood constituents were analyzed  before and after MP and VITE supplementation. All calves were kosher slaughtered at 16 wk of age at an average live weight of 184.6 kg. The combination of MP + VITE was most effective in producing a commercially acceptable white veal by reducing muscle Fe and myoglobin compared with the groups fed MP or VITE alone. No treatment effects on hematocrit, serum total Fe, total Fe-binding capacity, transferrin saturation or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were observed. Liver (P < .05) and  serum (P < .10) cholesterol were lower in the groups fed VITE. All minerals except Mg, Na, Se and K were higher in liver than in muscle. Taste panelists could not detect any appreciable difference in carcass characteristics and eating quality of dark vs light veal from samples from the milk replacer diet, but "off-flavor" problems were detected in some chops from calves fed the AP diet. Combined feeding of MP and VITE produced light veal without making calves anemic, presumably due to the  effect of high P on Fe absorption and the prevention of erythrocyte destruction by VITE intake.
Preconception maternal nutrition: a multi-site randomized controlled trial; Background: Research directed to optimizing maternal nutrition commencing prior to conception remains very limited, despite suggestive evidence of its importance in addition to ensuring an optimal nutrition environment in the periconceptional period and throughout the first trimester of pregnancy. Methods/Study design: This is an individually randomized controlled trial of the impact on birth length (primary outcome) of the time at which a maternal nutrition intervention is commenced: Arm 1: >= 3 mo preconception vs. Arm 2: 12-14 wk gestation vs. Arm 3: none. 192 (derived from 480) randomized mothers and living offspring in each arm in each of four research sites (Guatemala, India, Pakistan, Democratic Republic of the Congo). The intervention is a daily 20 g lipid-based (118 kcal) multi-micronutient (MMN) supplement. Women randomized to receive this intervention with body mass index (BMI) < 20 or whose gestational weight gain is low will receive an additional 300 kcal/d as a balanced energy-protein supplement. Researchers will visit homes biweekly to deliver intervention and monitor compliance, pregnancy status and morbidity; ensure prenatal and delivery care; and promote breast feeding. The primary outcome is birth length. Secondary outcomes include: fetal length at 12 and 34 wk; incidence of low birth weight (LBW); neonatal/infant anthropometry 0-6 mo of age; infectious disease morbidity; maternal, fetal, newborn, and infant epigenetics; maternal and infant nutritional status; maternal and infant microbiome; gut inflammatory biomarkers and bioactive and nutritive compounds in breast milk. The primary analysis will compare birth Length-for-Age Z-score (LAZ) among trial arms (independently for each site, estimated effect size: 0.35). Additional statistical analyses will examine the secondary outcomes and a pooled analysis of data from all sites. Discussion: Positive results of this trial will support a paradigm shift in attention to nutrition of all females of child-bearing age.
Dairy fat in cheese raises LDL cholesterol less than that in butter in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects; Objective: To determine whether dairy fat in cheese raises low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol as much as in butter, since epidemiology suggests a different impact on cardiovascular disease. Design: A randomised crossover trial testing the daily consumption of 40 g dairy fat as butter or as matured cheddar cheese, each of 4 weeks duration, was preceded by and separated by 2-week periods when dietary fat was less saturated. Setting: Free-living volunteers. Subjects: A total of 14 men and five women of mean age 56 +/- 8 y, with mean total cholesterol of 5.6 +/- 0.8 mmol/l. Main outcome measures: Plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), triacylglycerol and glucose. Results: Saturated fat intake was significantly lower during the run-in than during the cheese and butter periods. Mean lipid values did not differ significantly between the cheese and run-in periods, but total cholesterol and LDL-C were significantly higher with butter: total cholesterol (mmol/l): butter 6.1 +/- 0.7; run- in 5.6 +/- 0.8 ( P<0.05; ANOVA with Bonferroni adjustment); vs cheese 5.8 +/- 0.6 (P>0.05); median LDL-C (mmol/l): butter 3.9 (3.5 - 4.1) vs run- in 3.4 (3.0 - 4.1) (P<0.05; Tukey test); vs cheese 3.7 (3.3 - 3.9) (P>0.05). Among 13 subjects whose initial LDL-C was >4 mmol/l, the difference between butter (4.4 +/- 0.3 mmol/l) and cheese (3.9 +/- 0.3 mmol/l) was significant ( P = 0.014). HDL-C was highest with butter and triacylglycerol with cheese ( neither was significant). Conclusion: A total of 40 g dairy fat eaten daily for 4 weeks as butter, but not as cheese, raised total and LDL cholesterol significantly compared with a diet containing significantly less saturated fat. Dietary advice regarding cheese consumption may require modification.
Effects of different dietary ratio of metabolizable glucose and metabolizable protein on growth performance, rumen fermentation, blood biochemical indices and ruminal microbiota of 8 to 10-month-old dairy heifers; Objective: The aim of this experiment was to evaluate the effects of different dietary ratio of metabolizable glucose (MG) to metabolizable protein (MP) on growth performance, blood metabolites, rumen fermentation parameters and the ruminal microbial community of 8 to 10-month-old heifers. Methods: A total of 24 Holstein heifers weighing an average of 282.90 kg (8 month of age) were randomly assigned to four groups of six. The heifers were fed one of four diets of different dietary MG/MP (0.97, 1.07, 1.13, and 1.26). Results: The results showed that the ratio of MG/MP affected the growth performance, blood metabolites, rumen fermentation parameters and the ruminal microbial community of heifers. The average daily gain of heifers was enhanced by increasing the ratio of MG/MP (p<0.05). The concentration of blood urea nitrogen, cholesterol, and low density lipoprotein cholesterol as well as the concentration of total volatile fatty acid in the rumen fluid of heifers decreased with the improvement in the ratio of dietary MG/MP (p<0.05). However, the relative amount of Ruminococcus albus and Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens in the rumen of heifers was increased significantly (p<0.05) when the dietary MG/MP increased. At the same time, with the improvement in dietary MG/MP, the amount of Fibrobacter succinogenes increased (p = 0.08). Conclusion: A diet with an optimal ratio (1.13) of MG/MP was beneficial for the improvement of growth, rumen fermentation, dietary protein and energy utilization of 8 to 10-monthold dairy heifers in this experiment.
Does fat in milk, butter and and cholesterol differently?; Objective: To compare the effects of isoenergetic amounts of milk, cheese and butter (adjusted to the same content of lactose and casein) on fasting and postprandial blood lipids and lipoproteins, and on postprandial glucose and insulin response. Design: The experiments were designed to provide 20% of total energy from dairy fat, as either whole milk, mean (+/-SD) 2164 (+/-97) g, butter 93 ( 4) g, and hard cheese 305 (+/-45) g, which were served to 14 healthy young men for three periods of three weeks each, separated by washout periods, in a randomized, cross-over study with strictly controlled dietary intake. Fasting blood samples were taken at the end of the study periods. Measurements of the postprandial effect of the three different dairy test products (0.7 g of milk fat/kg body weight) were carried out on day 4 of each intervention period. Blood samples were taken before and at 2, 4, 6 and 8 hours following intake of the meals. Results: Fasting LDL cholesterol concentration was significantly higher after butter than cheese diet (p 0.037), with a borderline significant difference in total cholesterol (p = 0.054) after the experimental periods of three weeks. Postprandial glucose showed a higher response after cheese diet than after milk diet (p = 0.010, diet X time interaction). Conclusions: A different effect of fat in milk and butter could not be confirmed in this study. The moderately lower LDL cholesterol after cheese diet compared to butter diet should be investigated further.
Dietary calcium and body mass index in a Mediterranean population; This cross-sectional study evaluated the association between daily calcium intake and body mass index (BMI) in 647 subjects from Reus, Spain. 261 men and 313 women, aged 18 to 70 years, were randomly selected from the population census. Food intake was quantified by the 24-hour recall method, for three non-consecutive days including one holiday. Weight and height were measured. The study sample was divided into quartiles of calcium intake adjusted for age, energy, and total fat and fiber intake in both men and women. Average calcium intake was low (557.6 +/- 234.0 mg/day). Calcium intake was significantly (p < 0.0001) and positively associated with energy intake (r = 0.50 for men; r = 0.49 for women; p < 0.0001) and dietary fiber consumption (r = 0.27 for men; r = 0.25 for women; p, < 0.0001). After adjusting for age, energy intake, fat intake, and dietary fiber, the odds ratio of being in the highest quartile of BMI was significantly reduced in the highest quartile of calcium intake [men: 0.63 (0.30-1.29); women: 0.36 (0.17-0.79)] compared to the lowest quartile in both sexes. We conclude that our study showed a negative relationship between calcium intake and BMI in a Mediterranean community.
Effect of plant sterols on the lipid profile of patients with hypercholesterolaemia. Randomised, experimental study; Background: Studies have been conducted on supplementing the daily diet with plant sterol ester-enriched milk derivatives in order to reduce LDL-cholesterol levels and, consequently, cardiovascular risk. However, clinical practice guidelines on hypercholesterolaemia state that there is not sufficient evidence to recommend their use in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia. The main objective of this study is to determine the efficacy of the intake of 2 g of plant sterol esters a day in lowering LDL-cholesterol levels in patients diagnosed with hypercholesterolaemia. The specific objectives are: 1) to quantify the efficacy of the daily intake of plant sterol esters in lowering LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol and cardiovascular risk in patients with hypercholesterolaemia; 2) to evaluate the occurrence of adverse effects of the daily intake of plant sterol esters; 3) to identify the factors that determine a greater reduction in lipid levels in subjects receiving plant sterol ester supplements. Methods/Design: Randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled experimental trial carried out at family doctors' surgeries at three health centres in the Health Area of Albacete (Spain). The study subjects will be adults diagnosed with "limit" or "defined" hypercholesterolaemia and who have LDL cholesterol levels of 130 mg/dl or over. A dairy product in the form of liquid yoghurt containing 2 g of plant sterol ester per container will be administered daily after the main meal, for a period of 24 months. The control group will receive a daily unit of yogurt not supplemented with plant sterol esters that has a similar appearance to the enriched yoghurt. The primary variable is the change in lipid profile at 1, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months. The secondary variables are: change in cardiovascular risk, adherence to the dairy product, adverse effects, adherence to dietary recommendations, frequency of food consumption, basic physical examination data, health problems, lipid-lowering medication, physical activity, smoking habits and socio-demographic variables. Discussion: If plant sterol ester supplements were effective a sounder recommendation for the consumption of plant sterols in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia could be made.
POSTPRANDIAL LIPEMIA UNDER TREATMENT WITH ALLIUM-SATIVUM - CONTROLLED DOUBLE-BLIND-STUDY IN HEALTHY-VOLUNTEERS WITH REDUCED HDL2-CHOLESTEROL LEVELS; The effectiveness of a standardized garlic powder preparation (Sapec(R), Kwai(R)) on alimentary hpyertriglyceridaemia after intake of a standardized fatty test meal containing 100 g butter was analyzed in a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind study. 24 volunteers with HDL2-cholesterol concentrations in plasma of less than 10 mg/dl (men) respectively 15 mg/dl (women) participated in the study. The volunteers received 3 times 1 tablet daily over a period of 6 weeks equivalent to a daily dosage of 900 mg garlic powder in the active treated group. Control measurements were made on the 1st, 22nd and 43rd day of treatment and 0, 3 and 5 h after intake of the meal. The postprandial increase of triglycerides was clearly reduced under garlic medication as compared to placebo treatment. The determined AUC-values for the trigylcerides were up to 35 % lower in the garlic group compared to the placebo group. The regular in take of the garlic preparation over the period of 6 weeks showed a significant lowering of the fasting values of triglycerides in comparison to placebo. Under garlic medication HDL2-cholesterol increased more than under placebo in tendency.
Effect of a hydrolyzed product of distillery cream with probiotic characteristics and heat-treated on blood lipid indicators in replacement laying hens; Three hundred (hybrid L-33) replacement laying hens of one day of age were used to study the effect of an enzymatic and hydrolyzed product of distillery cream with probiotic characteristics and heat-treated on the blood lipid indicators. The animals were distributed according to a random block design with three treatments: 0, 75 and 100 mL of the hydrolyzed product/kg of a unique diet based on corn and soybean for the stages 0-6, 6-12 and 12-18 weeks of age. The levels of serum cholesterol, total lipids, HDL-cholesterol (high-density lipoprotein), phospholipids, triglycerides and the activity of the pancreatic lipase were determined at 6, 12 and 18 weeks. The levels of serum cholesterol differed (P < 0.05) between treatments in the three weeks studied. In weeks 6 and 12, they were higher for the dosages of 100 mL (123.50 mmol/L and 105.97 mmol/L, respectively), whereas in week 18, the best dosage was 75 mL (177.10 mmol/L). However, the HDL-cholesterol only showed differences (P < 0.05) in week 12 and between the control and the dosage of 75 mL. The levels of phospholipids, triglycerides and the activity of the pancreatic lipase did not show differences throughout the experimental time. The highest values of total lipids (P < 0.05) (dosage of 100 mL) were found in weeks 6 and 12 (3.98 and 3.81 g/mL, respectively). The results suggest that, for this type of bird, there is an increase in the lipid metabolism when using the hydrolyzed product, which is needed for attaining and adequate body and reproductive maturity in week 18.
The influence of a triclosan toothpaste on adverse events in patients with cardiovascular disease over 5-years; Adverse effects of long-term usage of triclosan-containing toothpaste in humans are currently unknown. We assessed the effect of long-term use of 0.3% triclosan-toothpaste on serious adverse events (SAEs) in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD). 438 patients with a history of stable CVD were entered into the 5-year longitudinal Cardiovascular and Periodontal Study at Prince Charles Hospital, Brisbane, Australia and randomised into test (triclosan) or placebo groups. There were no significant differences in demographics or clinical features between the groups. Patients were examined at baseline, and annually for 5-years. SAEs were classified according to the System Organ Classes defined by MedDRA (Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities). Results were analysed using chi square and Kaplan Meier analysis. Overall, 232 patients (123 in the triclosan group; 109 in the placebo group) experienced 569 SAEs (288 in the triclosan group and 281 in the placebo group). There was no significant difference between the groups in numbers of patients experiencing SAEs (p = 035) or specific cardiovascular SAEs (p = 0.82), nor in time to the first SAE or first cardiovascular SAE, irrespective of gender, age or BMI after adjusting for multiple comparisons (p > 0.05). The adjusted odds of experiencing an SAE were estimated to increase by 2.7% for each year of age (p = 0.02) and the adjusted odds of experiencing a cardiovascular SAE were estimated to increase by 5.1% for each unit increase in BMI (p = 0.02). Most cardiovascular events were related to unstable angina or myocardial infarcts, 21 were associated with arrhythmia and 41 were vascular events such as aortic aneurysm and cerebrovascular accident. Within the limitations of the present study the data suggest that the use of triclosan-toothpaste may not be associated with any increase in SAEs in this CVD population. The long-term impact of triclosan on hormone-related disease, such as cancer, in humans remains to be determined. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Butter naturally enriched in <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 CLA prevents hyperinsulinemia and increases both serum HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels in rats; Background: Evidence from in vitro and animal studies indicates that conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) possesses anti-diabetic properties, which appear to be attributed to cis-9, trans-11 CLA, the major CLA isomer in ruminant fat. However, there is a shortage of studies addressing CLA from natural source. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of butter naturally enriched in cis-9, trans-11 CLA on parameters related to glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and dyslipidemia in rats. Methods: Forty male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to the following dietary treatments (n = 10/group), for 60 days: 1) Normal fat-Soybean oil (NF-So): diet containing 4.0% soybean oil (SO); 2) High Fat-Control Butter (HF-Cb): diet containing 21.7% control butter and 2.3% SO; 3) High Fat-CLA enriched Butter (HF-CLAb): diet containing 21.7% cis-9, trans-11 CLA-enriched butter and 2.3% SO; and 4) High fat-Soybean oil (HF-So): diet containing 24.0% SO. HF-Cb and HF-CLAb diets contained 0.075% and 0.235% of cis-9, trans-11 CLA, respectively. Results: HF-CLAb-fed rats had lower serum insulin levels at fasting than those fed with the HF-Cb diet, while the PPAR gamma protein levels in adipose tissue was increased in HF-CLAb-fed rats compared to HF-Cb-fed rats. Furthermore, R-QUICK was lower in HF-Cb than in NF-So group, while no differences in R-QUICK were observed among NF-So, HF-CLAb and HF-So groups. Serum HDL cholesterol levels were higher in HF-CLAb-fed rats than in those fed NF-So, HF-Cb and HF-So diets, as well as higher in NF-So-fed rats than in HF-Cb and HF-So-fed rats. HF-CLAb, HF-Cb and HF-So diets reduced serum LDL cholesterol levels when compared to NF-So, whereas serum triacylglycerol levels were increased in HF-CLAb. Conclusion: Feeding rats on a high-fat diet containing butter naturally enriched in cis-9, trans-11 CLA prevented hyperinsulinemia and increased HDL cholesterol, which could be associated with higher levels of cis-9, trans-11 CLA, vaccenic acid, oleic acid and lower levels of short and medium-chain saturated fatty acids from butter naturally modified compared to control butter. On the other hand CLA-enriched butter also increased serum triacylglycerol levels, which could be associated with concomitant increases in the content of trans-9 and trans-10 C18:1 isomers in the CLA-enriched butter.
INHIBITION OF CHOLESTEROL-SYNTHESIS IN MAMMARY TISSUE, LUNG, AND KIDNEY FOLLOWING CHOLESTEROL FEEDING IN THE LACTATING RAT; Pregnant rats were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 experimental dietary groups: group 1-15.5% butter, 2% cholesterol, 0.78% sodium cholate purified diet; group 2-standard rat diet with the addition of 10% lard and 2% cholesterol; and group 3-standard rat diet. Plasma and milk cholesterol at 10 days postpartum were significantly elevated in dams fed exogenous cholesterol. The rate of incorporation of [1-14C] acetate into digitonin-precipitable sterols of mammary tissue slices from dams in group 1 and group 2 was 8.times. and 2.times., respectively, less than controls. Mammary tissue cholesterol was greater in dams fed dietary cholesterol. Cholesterol synthesis in lactating rat mammary tissue apparently is suppressed following cholesterol feeding. In a 2nd experiment the rate of incorporation of [1-14C] acetate into digitonin-precipitable sterols in kidney and lung tissue of group 1 rats was suppressed; this response was not as marked as that observed in lactating mammary tissue. The concentration of cholesterol in kidney and lung was greater than controls. Extrahepatic inhibition of cholesterol synthesis exists in the rat with a concomitant increase in tissue cholesterol.
Saturated Fats and Health: A Reassessment and Proposal for Food-Based Recommendations <i>JACC</i> State-of-the-Art Review; The recommendation to limit dietary saturated fatty acid (SFA) intake has persisted despite mounting evidence to the contrary. Most recent meta-analyses of randomized trials and observational studies found no beneficial effects of reducing SFA intake on cardiovascular disease (CVD) and total mortality, and instead found protective effects against stroke. Although SFAs increase low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, in most individuals, this is not due to increasing levels of small, dense LDL particles, but rather larger LDL particles, which are much less strongly related to CVD risk. It is also apparent that the health effects of foods cannot be predicted by their content in any nutrient group without considering the overall macronutrient distribution. Whole-fat dairy, unprocessed meat, and dark chocolate are SFA-rich foods with a complex matrix that are not associated with increased risk of CVD. The totality of available evidence does not support further limiting the intake of such foods. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Efficacy of calcium supplementation for management of overweight and obesity: systematic review of randomized clinical trials; Numerous dietary supplements are marketed as slimming aids, but the efficacy of most has not been proven. One such slimming aid is calcium. Presented here are the results of a systematic review that aimed to evaluate the evidence for or against the efficacy of calcium supplements for body-weight reduction in overweight and obese individuals. Electronic searches were conducted to identify relevant randomized clinical trials of at least 6 months duration. No restrictions of age, gender, language, or time of publication were imposed. Two reviewers independently determined the eligibility of studies, assessed the reporting quality of the studies included, and extracted data. Twenty-four eligible trials were identified, and seven were included. Five of the randomized clinical trials included were not of good reporting quality. A meta-analysis revealed a small, significant reduction in body weight for calcium compared with placebo (mean difference, -0.74 kg; 95% confidence interval, -1.00--0.48). A small, significant reduction in body fat favoring calcium over placebo was also noted (mean difference, -0.93 kg; 95% confidence interval, -1.16--0.71). In conclusion, the evidence from randomized clinical trials suggests calcium supplementation generates small, statistically significant weight loss in overweight and obese individuals, but the clinical relevance of this finding is uncertain.
EFFECT OF BODY CONDITION-SCORE ON SERUM BIOCHEMICAL PROFILE AND BODY MORPHOMETRY IN CROSSBRED DAIRY CATTLE; A study was conducted to investigate association of body condition-score (BCS) with serum biochemical profile and body morphometry of crossbred cows. Crossbred cows of same parity were selected randomly and grouped into three categories of 6 animals each, based on body condition score (BCS) [2-3 (A), 3-4 (B) and >4 (C)] at MLRI, Mansbal (Kashmir). Blood samples were collected from these animals at 5 stages viz., 15 days prepartum (stage I); and 5th day (stage II), 15th day (stage III), 30th day (stage IV) and 45th day (stage V) postpartum. Highest BCS was observed at stage I in all the groups and lowest at stage IV in group A and stage V in groups B and C. Serum glucose was highest at stage I in all the groups but significantly decreased at stage II. Serum urea showed highest value at stage IV. Total protein and albumin contents in all groups increased with progress of lactation. Total cholesterol was lowest at stage I in group B and C and at stage II in group A. Body length didn't differ among the various BCS groups. Chest girth and pelvic girth varied significantly within BCS groups with highest values of BCS in group C.
Effect of diets varying in energy source on the growth and blood biochemical profile of Beetal kids under stall fed conditions; Three isonitrogenous concentrates were prepared with bypass fat (BC), canola oil (COC) and refined wheat flour (SC). The roughage source was green oat and oat hay. Beetal kids (27) were randomly divided into 3 equal groups of 9 animals each depending upon age and body weight. The concentrate to roughage ratio was fixed at 50:50. The ME availability calculated from net gas production and chemical analysis were 11.71, 11.70 and 11.92, 10.60 KJ/kg DM for BC, COC, SC and oat hay respectively. The DOM was highest in SC followed by COC and BC. The TDMI (g/d) was higher in BC group and comparable in COC and SC. The DM, NDF and hemicelluloses digestibility was also higher in BC than other 2 groups. The CP, OM and ADF digestibility were similar in all groups. There was no difference in faecal N excretion and N-balance but urinary N was higher in BC and SC than COC. The N-retained as % absorbed was lower in SC and higher in both the BC and COC group. The growth rate was not affected by dietary treatments over the period of 4 months. The average daily gain was 85.48, 72.50 and 80.0 g for BC, COC and SC respectively. The 3 dietary treatments had no significant impact on blood profile except on total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol which increased significantly in canola oil supplemented group. The results indicated that stall fed growing goats can be fed high energy ration containing bypass fat.
Difference in effect of myristic and stearic acid on plasma HDL cholesterol within 24h in young men; Background: There is increasing evidence that postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG)-rich lipoproteins (TRL) may be related to atherogenic risk. Little is known about the acute effect of individual dietary saturated fatty acids on plasma lipids and lipoproteins. Objective: To investigate the effect of two prevalent dietary saturated fatty acids, stearic and myristic acid on postprandial and 24 h fasting plasma lipoprotein TAG and cholesterol concentrations. Design: Ten young healthy men were served two meals (1.2 g fat/kg body weight) containing fat enriched in either stearic acid (S) (shea butter) or myristic acid (M) (produced by inter-esterification) in a randomised, cross-over study. The meals were given in the morning after 12 h of fasting and again after 8 h (in the afternoon). The S and M containing meals were given at different days separated by a washout period. Blood samples were taken before the meal and 2,4,6,8, and 24 h after the first meal. Results: The M meal resulted in a higher postprandial HDL TAG response than S (P = 0.03 I), (diet x time interaction), while no differences were observed in other lipid fractions. Twenty-four hours after the M meal fasting, HDL cholesterol was higher (P = 0.05) and HDL TAG lower (P<0.001) than at baseline. Conclusions: Intake of individual dietary SFA may affect fasting HDL cholesterol within 24 h. Thus after this short period HDL cholesterol concentration was higher after myristic acid than stearic acid. Myristic acid resulted in a higher increase in postprandial HDL TAG than stearic acid.
Colostrum and mature breast milk analysis of serum irisin and sterol regulatory element-binding proteins-1c in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: We aimed to evaluate irisin and SREBP-1c levels in serum, colostrum and mature breast milk in women with and without gestational diabetes (GDM); and to relate them with maternal glucose, lipid profile and weight status of babies.Methods: GDM positive women (n=33) and normal glucose tolerant women (NGT) (n=33) were recruited. Maternal blood samples were collected at 28th week of gestation and later at 6-week post-partum while breast milk samples of the lactating mothers were collected within 72hours of birth (colostrum) and at 6 weeks post-partum (mature milk). Irisin and SREBP-1c levels were analyzed by commercially available ELISA kits for all maternal samples.Results: Lower levels of irisin were seen in serum, colostrum and mature breast milk of GDM females (p<.01). SREBP-1c profile showed a similar trend of low serum levels in GDM, however, they were undetectable in colostrum and mature breast milk. Weak to moderate correlations of serum irisin with BMI (r=0.439; p<.001), GTT 0hours (r=0.403; p=.01), HbA1c (r=-0.312; p=.011), Fasting blood glucose (r=0.992; p=.008), and baby weight at birth (r=0.486; p<.001). Colostrum and mature breast milk irisin showed positive associations with baby weight at 6 weeks (r=0.325; p=.017; r=0.296; p=.022, respectively). Serum SREBP-1c at 6 weeks correlated with random blood glucose (r=0.318; p=.009), and HbA1c (r=-0.292; p=.011). All correlations were lost once we adjusted for maternal BMI.Conclusions: Low irisin and SREBP1-c levels may favor development of GDM in pregnant subjects. Further, low mature breast milk levels may act as a continued stressor from fetal to infant life as long as breast-feeding is continued. Further studies are required to identify the mechanistic relationship between these biomarkers and GDM.
Probiotics improve renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress in diabetic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims The role of probiotics in the management of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) has been shown. Several current trials are investigating the effect of probiotics, which are widely used to modulate biomarkers of renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with DKD. However, their findings are controversial. This study aimed to systematically evaluate the impact of probiotics on patients with DKD via meta-analysis. Methods PubMed, The Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Scopus, Embase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Chinese Wanfang Database and Chinese VIP Database were searched for relevant studies from the establishment of these databases to September 2021. The pooled results evaluated the impact of probiotics on renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress indicators in patients with DKD. Additionally, subgroup analysis was performed based on intervention duration, probiotic dose and probiotic consumption patterns, respectively. Results Ten trials that included 552 participants were identified for analysis. Compared with the controls, probiotics significantly decreased serum creatinine (Scr) [WMD = -0.17 mg/dL; 95%CI = -0.29, -0.05; p = 0.004], blood urea nitrogen (BUN) [WMD = -1.36 mg/dL; 95%CI = -2.20, -0.52; p = 0.001], cystatin C (Cys C) [WMD = -29.50 ng/mL; 95%CI = -32.82, -26.18; p < 0.00001], urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) [WMD = -16.05 mg/g; 95%CI = -27.12, -4.99; p = 0.004] and natrium (Na) [WMD = -0.94 mmol/L; 95%CI = -1.82, -0.05; p = 0.04] in patients with DKD. Enhanced glycemic control was observed in patients with DKD receiving probiotics compared with controls, as demonstrated by reduced levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and increased quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Probiotics affected lipid metabolism parameters with decreasing triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) levels in patients with DKD. Probiotics could also could improve inflammation and oxidative stress by decreasing high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), plasma malondialdehyde (MDA), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), glutathione (GSH) and nitric oxide (NO). Additionally, subgroup analysis showed that those who received multiple species probiotics had a statistically significant difference in BUN, FPG, HOMA-IR, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), MDA, TAC, and NO. Meanwhile, Scr, LDL-c, HDL-c, MDA, and TAC were ameliorated when the intervention duration was more than eight weeks and BUN, FPG, HOMA-IR, and MDA were improved when the probiotic dose was greater than four billion CFU/day. Conclusions Our analysis revealed that probiotics could delay the progression of renal function injury, improve glucose and lipid metabolism, and reduce inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with DKD. Subgroup analysis showed that intervention duration, probiotic dose and probiotic consumption patterns had an effect of probiotics on outcomes.
Regular consumption of a cocoa product improves the cardiometabolic profile in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolaemic adults; Cocoa products present great health potential due to their high content of polyphenols, mainly of flavanols. However, the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and other health effects of regularly consuming cocoa products seem to depend on the intake and health status of the consumer, etc. and need to be further clarified. A randomised, controlled, cross-over, free-living study was carried out in healthy (n 24) and moderately hypercholesterolaemic (>2000 mg/l, n 20) subjects to assess the influence of regularly consuming (4 weeks) two servings (15 g each) of a cocoa product rich in fibre (containing 33.9% of total dietary fibre (TDF) and 13.9mg/g of soluble polyphenols) in milk v. consuming only milk (control) on (1) serum lipid and lipoprotein profile, (2) serum malondialdehyde levels, carbonyl groups, ferric reducing/antioxidant power, oxygen radical absorbance capacity and free radical-scavenging capacity, (3) IL-1 beta, IL-6, TNF-alpha, IL-10, IL-8, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, and vascular and intracellular cell adhesion molecule levels, and (4) systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate. Throughout the study, the diet and physical activity of the volunteers, as well as any possible changes in weight or other anthropometric parameters, were also evaluated. The intake of TDF increased (P<0.001) to the recommended levels. Serum HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels were increased (P<0.001), whereas glucose (P=0.029), IL-1 (P=0.001) and IL-10 (P=0.001) levels were decreased. The rest of the studied cardiovascular parameters, as well as the anthropometric ones, remained similar. In conclusion, regularly consuming a cocoa product with milk improves cardiovascular health by increasing HDL-C levels and inducing hypoglycaemic and anti-inflammatory effects in healthy and hypercholesterolaemic individuals without causing weight gain.
Relationships between deuterium dilution space and estimated energy balance in lactating goats; In this study the effects of pregnancy, diet and stage of lactation on energy balance of dairy goats were compared. Energy balance was predicted both with the deuterium oxide technique and with measurement of energy consumption and the requirement for milk production, pregnancy and maintenance. The study was a 2 X 2 Latin square design with two different diets (15.6% and 25.9% ADF in DM) fed in two periods to two groups of three lactating does housed in digestion crates. Each period lasted 4 weeks and was preceded by an adaptation period of 2 weeks. A complete energy balance was calculated for each goat in each period by measuring daily feed intake, milk yield, faeces and urine. Energy retention was calculated as difference between the total milk net energy intake and the milk net energy used for maintenance, pregnancy and milk production. Changes in body composition between the beginning and the end of each period were estimated by means of the deuterium technique, and energy retention was calculated using 39.6 MJ and 23.6 MJ kg(-1) caloric equivalent for fat and protein gains, respectively. Data were analysed according to a split-plot model in which pregnancy, diet and period were fixed effects and animal nested in pregnancy was a random effect. The two approaches provided similar estimates of the average effects of pregnancy, diet and period on energy retention. Higher variability was observed with the isotopic procedure. The precision and accuracy of the isotopic procedure can be improved by increasing the number of experimental animals and the length of the trial.
Effects of Calcium Plus Vitamin D Supplementation on Anthropometric Measurements and Blood Pressure in Vitamin D Insufficient People with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Up to 75% of the risk of type 2 diabetes is attributable to obesity. Therefore, finding a way to control obesity can be useful for management of diabetes.Objective: This study was performed to assess the effects of vitamin D3 and calcium supplementation on anthropometric measurements and blood pressure in vitamin D insufficient people with type 2 diabetes.Methods: One hundred eighteen patients with diabetes were enrolled in this randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial. All subjects were randomly assigned into 4 groups receiving (1) 50,000 IU/wk vitamin D3 plus (equal to 7143 IU/d) calcium placebo; (2) 1000mg/d calcium plus vitamin D3 placebo; (3) 50,000 IU/wk vitamin D3 (equal to 7143 IU/d) plus 1000mg/d calcium; or (4) vitamin D3 placebo plus calcium placebo for 8 weeks. Anthropometric measurements and blood pressure were assessed at study baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention.Results: A greater reduction in body mass index was observed in calcium plus vitamin D group than other groups (p = 0.03). Comparison of changes in waist circumference among 4 groups revealed no significant difference in crude model (p = 0.21) and when the effect of confounders was taken into account (p = 0.08). Calcium supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in hip circumference compared to other groups (p <0.001). Systolic blood pressure significantly decreased in the calcium plus vitamin D group compared to placebo (-7.3 8.7 mmHg vs 0.5 +/- 8.2 mmHg; p = 0.001). However, calcium and vitamin D supplementation had no significant effects on diastolic blood pressure.Conclusion: Calcium-vitamin D3 cosupplementation can have beneficial effect on body mass index (BMI), hip circumference, and systolic blood pressure in vitamin D-insufficient type 2 diabetics.
Impact of dietary plane of energy during the dry period on lipoprotein parameters in the transition period in dairy cattle; The high energy demands of dairy cows during the transition period from late gestation into early lactation can place them at an increased risk for the development of metabolic and infectious diseases. Modification of the dry period diet has been investigated as a preventive means to minimize the detrimental aspects of metabolic shifts during the transition period. Studies investigating the impact of dry period diet on lipid parameters during the transition period have largely focused on markers of lipolysis and ketogenesis. Total cholesterol declines during the periparturient period and increases in early lactation. The impact total energy in the dry period diet has on the ability of the cow to maintain total serum cholesterol, as well as its natural high-density lipoprotein-rich status, during this metabolically challenging window is not clear. The impact of lipoproteins on inflammation and immune function may have a clinical impact on the cow's ability to ward off production-related diseases. In this study, we hypothesized that the provision of adequate, but not excessive, total metabolizable energy, would better allow the cow to maintain total cholesterol and a higher relative proportion of HDL throughout the transition period. Cows were allocated to one of three dry period dietary treatment groups following a randomized block design. Total serum triglycerides, cholesterol and lipoprotein fractions were measured on a weekly basis from approximately 7weeks pre-calving to 6weeks post-calving. The cows on the high energy diet maintained total serum cholesterol as compared to the cows provided a lower energy diet, but there was no significant increase in the LDL fraction of lipoproteins between diet treatment groups.
Body mass interacts with fat quality to determine the postprandial lipoprotein response in healthy young adults; Background and aims: Postprandial lipemia predicts the evolution of cardiovascular disease. Obesity is associated with an increase in the magnitude of postprandial lipemia. Our objective was to evaluate the influence of body mass index (BMI) on the effects of acute ingestion of different types of fat on the postprandial lipemic response. Methods and results: Twenty-one healthy men followed a 4-week baseline diet and then consumed three fat-loaded meals that included 1 g fat/kg body wt (65%fat) according to a randomized crossover design. The compositions of the three meals were olive oil meal (22% saturated fatty acids (SFA), 38% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)); butter meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA); walnuts meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUFA, and 4% alpha-linolenic acid). Higher-weight (HW) subjects (BMI greater than the median 26.18 kg/m(2), n = 11) presented higher incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for triglycerides (TG), both in large- and small-TG rich lipoproteins (TRL) than lower-weight (LW) subjects (BMI < 26.18 kg/m(2), n = 10) (p < 0.05), and a similar trend for plasma TG (p = 0.084). Moreover, HW subjects presented higher concentrations for small TRL-cholesterol and small TRL-TG in different timepoints of the postprandial lipemia after the intake of enriched walnuts or butter meals compared with the olive oil-enriched meal (p < 0.05) No significant differences were observed between the three types of meals in the postprandial response of LW subjects. Conclusion: HW subjects present a greater postprandial response than LW subjects, and they benefit from the consumption of monounsaturated fatty acids from olive oil, to lower their levels of TRL particles during the postprandial state. (c) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Association of dietary phosphate and serum phosphorus concentration by levels of kidney function; Background: The health implications of dietary phosphorus intake and the role of kidney function in managing serum phosphorus homeostasis are well studied. However, examining the source of dietary phosphorus intake and its impact on serum phosphorus has not been characterized in population studies. Objective: This study aimed to distinguish the association of food sources of organic phosphorus and inorganic phosphate additives with serum phosphorus concentration. Design: A cross-sectional analysis of 24-h food recall data from 7895 adult participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2006 was performed. Phosphorus content of foods was categorized as organic or inorganic. Correlations of serum phosphorus to clinical and dietary intake variables were achieved by using multiple regression analysis. Results: After controlling for estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)), and albumin-to-creatinine ratio, a significant increase in serum phosphorus occurred with dairy foods with inorganic phosphates [parameter estimate (PE) +/- SE: 0.07 +/- 0.02 mg/dL, P < 0.01] or without inorganic phosphates (PE: 0.02 +/- 0.01, P < 0.001) and cereals/grains with inorganic phosphates (PE: 0.005 +/- 0.002, P < 0.01). Significantly higher serum phosphorus Occurred when eGRF was <30 (PE: 0.24 +/- 0.08, P < 0.0001), but eGFR 30-44 (PE: -0.11 +/- 0.04, P < 0.01) and 45-60 (PE: -0.10 +/- 0.04, P < 0.01) were associated with lower serum phosphorus; higher serum phosphorus was associated with BMI <18.5 (PE: 0.18 +/- 0.05, P = 0.0009) but lower with BMI >= 35-39 (PE: -0.09 +/- 0.03, P = 0.0013) or >= 40 (PE: -0.10 +/- 0.03, P = 0.014). Conclusions: This analysis shows that dairy products and cereals/grains having inorganic phosphate additives significantly increase serum phosphorus concentration, despite being consumed less frequently than foods without phosphate additives. It seems prudent for the Nutrient Facts Label to include phosphorus but also for food manufacturers to consider alternatives to phosphate additives. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02435017.
Copper status, serum cholesterol, and milk fatty acid profile in Holstein cows fed varying concentrations of copper; An experiment was conducted to determine the effects of dietary copper (Cu) on Cu status and lipid metabolism in Holstein cows. Three primiparous and 21 multiparous Holstein cows were utilized in this experiment. Groups of three cows similar in parity, days in milk, and milk yield were assigned randomly to one of the following three treatments: 1) control (no supplemental Cu), 2) 10 mg of Cu/kg of DM from Cu sulfate (CUSO4), and 3) 40 mg of Cu/kg of DM from CUSO4 Liver Cu concentrations were higher in Cu supplemented cows at the end of the 61-d study. Cows receiving 40 mg of Cu/kg of DM had higher liver Cu concentrations than cows receiving 10 mg of Cu. Plasma Cu concentrations were similar across treatments. Total serum cholesterol concentrations were higher in cows receiving supplemental Cu. Cows receiving 40 mg of Cu/kg of DM had higher serum cholesterol concentrations than cows receiving 10 mg of Cu. Dry matter intake, average daily milk production, and milk lipid, protein, and somatic cell numbers were similar across treatments. On d 61, milk fatty acids C-18:1 trans and C-18-conjugated dienes were lower in cows receiving supplemental Cu relative to the nonsupplemented controls. Cows receiving 40 mg of Cu/kg of DM had higher C-12:0 and lower C-18:2 and total polyunsaturated fatty acids in milk than cows receiving 10 mg of Cu/kg of DM. These results indicate that Cu supplementation alters lipid metabolism in high producing dairy cows and that Cu supplementation at 40 mg/kg of DM for 61 d can elevate liver Cu concentrations to levels considered to be marginally toxic in dairy cattle.
Effects of changing omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid ratios in corn-soybean meal-based diet on performance, serum lipid profile and colostrum and milk composition of sows and performance of piglets; This study aimed to test the effects of changing omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid (FA) ratios in corn-soybean meal-based diet on performance, serum lipid profile and colostrum and milk nutrient contents of lactating sows as well as performance of suckling piglets. In total, 32 multiparous sows (Landrace x Yorkshire) were randomly allocated into one of four dietary treatments with eight replicates per treatment. The treatment diets were fed 7 days before farrowing until weaning. The omega-3 FA used in the experiment was from linseed oil and was coated using a spray-drying method. The dietary treatments consisted of control (CON, corn-soybean meal-based basal diet with omega-6:omega-3 FA ratios of 25:1), and basal diets (CON) containing omega-6: omega-3 FA ratios at 20:1, 15:1 and 10:1 levels. Inclusion of omega-6 and omega-3 FA at different ratios in the feed did not affect (P > 0.05) the performance, nutrient digestibility and milk nutrient composition of sows. The concentrations of high-density lipid cholesterol (HDL-C) increased (P < 0.05) and the low-density lipid cholesterol (LDL-C) tended to be reduced (P = 0.08) at weaning for sows fed 10:1 omega 6:omega-3 ratio diet. The bodyweights (BW) and average daily gains (ADG) of piglets born from sows fed 10:1 omega-6:omega-3 FA diet were greater (P < 0.05) at Week 3 and overall respectively. The BW of piglets raised from sows fed all treatment diets were heavier (P < 0.05) at Week 4 (weaning) than those in the CON. Positive correlations between dietary omega-6:omega-3 FA ratio and serum HDL-C concentrations and a negative correlations between dietary omega-6:omega-3 FA ratio and serum LDL-C concentrations for sows at weaning were observed. In addition, a positive correlation between omega-6:omega-3 FA in the diet and ADG in piglets was also observed. In conclusion, inclusion of omega-6:omega-3 FA at different ratios in different proportions did not affect sow performance, while increasing HDL-C and tending to reduce LDL-C in serum lipids. However, the piglets born to sows fed 10:1 diets benefitted, with increased BW and ADG.
Changes in biomarkers of metabolic stress during late gestation of dairy cows associated with colostrum volume and immunoglobulin content; The objective of this observational study was to compare the metabolic status of dairy cows during the last 6 wk of gestation based on colostrum volume and immunoglobulin content. For this, healthy Holstein cows were randomly selected from 3 commercial herds in Michigan. In each farm, 4 cohorts of 21 cows (1 per season), stratified by parity, were enrolled (n = 228). Cows were blood sampled weekly during the last 6 wk of gestation, and biomarkers related to nutrient utiliza-tion, oxidant status, and inflammation were quantified in serum. Cows were milked within 6 h of calving, and the volume of colostrum produced was recorded and an aliquot collected. Concentration of IgG, IgA, and IgM were measured by radial immunodiffusion. Cows were grouped into high or low colostrum producer, high or low IgG, high or low IgA, and high or low IgM. For volume category, we arbitrarily defined 6 L of colostrum (4 L for first and 2 L for second feeding of calves) as the cutoff point, whereas for IgG we used the industry standard of >= 50 g/L. To create groups of low and high IgM or IgA, we used the median of these immunoglobulin as the cutoff point. Colostrum volume was lowest in winter, but no differences were observed among parity groups. Conversely, colostrum IgG con-centration was highest in fall and winter, but colostrum IgM was lowest at these seasons. However, colostrum immunoglobulin content only showed a negative weak correlation with volume (Spearman's correlation coeffi-cient < -0.28). Compared with low colostrum producer, high colostrum producer cows had higher concentra-tions of antioxidant potential and beta-hydroxybutyrate, and lower cholesterol and oxidant status index. Cows with high IgG showed higher concentrations of glu-cose compared with low IgG. Cows with high IgA had higher concentrations of cholesterol, reactive oxygen and nitrogen species, oxidant status index, and total protein, whereas beta-hydroxybutyrate and glucose were lower compared with low IgA. Biomarkers of metabolic stress were not significantly different between high IgM and low IgM. Nevertheless, the differences observed did not result in differences in inflammatory status between animals in any of the colostrum variable categories ana-lyzed, suggesting that physiological homeostasis was not disrupted during late gestation in association with the colostrum variables studied. Overall, the great vari-ability observed in colostrum variables suggests that colostrogenesis is a complex and multifactorial process. However, our results suggest that greater availability of antioxidants during late gestation could support the production of higher volumes of colostrum, which needs to be explored in future trials.
Effect of increased calcium consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome and cardiometabolic outcomes in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised cross-over clinical trial; We investigated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk phase (MD) (prescription of approximately 1500 mg of Ca/d) v. low-Ca phase (CD) (prescription of approximately 800 mg of Ca/d) in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiometabolic measures in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d). In this randomised cross-over design, fourteen adults with T2DM (49.5 (SD 8.6) years, BMI 29.4 (SD 4.5) kg/m(2)) consumed either MD or CD for 12 weeks, with a washout of 18 weeks between phases. A breakfast shake containing 700 mg (MD) or 6.4 mg (CD) of Ca was consumed in the laboratory. In addition, energy-restricted diets were prescribed (800 mg of dietary Ca/d). Waist circumference (WC), fasting glucose, fasting TAG, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting total cholesterol, fasting LDL-cholesterol, fasting HDL-cholesterol, HDL:LDL ratio, HDL: TAG ratio and lipid accumulation product (LAP) index were assessed at baseline and after each phase. Ca consumption during the study was equivalent to 1200 mg/d during MD and 525 mg/d during CD. There was a greater reduction in WC, SBP, DBP and LAP index after MD compared with CD. HDL: LDL ratio increased and total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, SBP, DBP and LAP index decreased only in MD. The consumption of approximately 1200 mg of Ca/d (700 mg from fat-free milk + 500 mg from other dietary sources) associated with an energy-restricted diet decreased some of the MetS components and cardiometabolic measures in adults with T2DM.
Association of DDT with spontaneous abortion: A case-control study; PURPOSE: Spontaneous abortion (SAB), the most common adverse pregnancy outcome, affects similar to 15% of clinically recognized pregnancies. Except for advanced maternal age and smoking, there are not well-established risk factors for SAB. Animal models associate increased fetal resorption or abortion with exposure to the pesticide dichlorodiphenyl trichloroethane (DDT), but epidemiologic investigations of DDT and SAB are inconsistent. We undertook a pilot investigation of the hypothesized association of DDT with SAB. METHODS: Participants in this case-control study were selected from a longitudinal study of reproductive effects of rotating shifts among female Chinese textile workers who were married, ages 22-34, nulliparous without history of SAB or infertility, and planning pregnancy. From 412 pregnancies, 42 of which ended in SAB, 15 SAB cases and 15 full-term controls were randomly selected and phlebotomized. Serum was analyzed for p,p ' -DDT, o,p ' -DDT, their metabolites (DDE and DDD), and other organochlorines including polychlorinated biphenyls. RESULTS: Cases and controls were nonsmokers and did not differ in age (mean 25 years), body mass index (BMI), passive smoke exposure, or workplace exposures. Cases had significantly (p < 0.05) higher serum levels of p,p ' -DDE (22 vs. 12 ng/g) and o,p ' -DDE (0.09 vs. 0.05 ng/g) than controls. After adjustment for age and BMI, each ng/g serum increase in p,p ' -DDE was associated with a 1.13 (Cl, 1.02-1.26) increased odds of SAB. With adjustment of serum DDE levels for excretion via breastfeeding, DDE-associated increased odds of SAB remained significant with up to 7% declines in maternal serum DDE levels for each month of breastfeeding. CONCLUSIONS: A potential increased risk of SAB is associated with maternal serum DDE levels. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Future body mass index modelling based on macronutrient profiles and physical activity; Background: An accurate system of determining the relationship of macronutrient profiles of foods and beverages to the long-term weight impacts of foods is necessary for evidence-based, unbiased front-of-the-package food labels. Methods: Data sets on diet, physical activity, and BMI came from the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT), and Epidemiology Diabetes Intervention and Complications (EDIC). To predict future BMI of individuals, multiple regression derived FAO/WHO and DCCT/EDIC formulas related macronutrient profiles and physical activity (independent variables) to BMI change/year (dependent variable). Similar formulas without physical activity related macronutrient profiles of individual foods and beverages to four-year weight impacts of those items and compared those forecasts to published food group profiling estimates from three large prospective studies by Harvard nutritional epidemiologists. Results: FAO/WHO food and beverage formula: four-year weight impact (pounds)= (0.07710 alcohol g+11.95 (381.7+carbohydrates g per serving)*4/(2,613+kilocalories per serving)-304.9 (30.38+dietary fiber g per serving)/(2,613+kilocalories per serving)+19.73 (84.44+total fat g)*9/(2,613+kilocalories per serving)-68.57 (20.45+PUFA g per serving) *9/(2,613+kilocalories per serving))*2.941-12.78 (n=334, R-2=0.29, P < 0.0001). DCCT/EDIC formula for four-year weight impact (pounds)=(0.898 (102.2+protein g per serving) *4/(2,297+kilocalories per serving)+1.063 (264.2+carbohydrates g per serving)*4/(2,297+ kilocalories per serving)-13.19 (24.29+dietary fiber g per serving)/(2,297+ kilocalories per serving)+ 0.973 (74.59+(total fat g per serving-PUFA g per serving)*9/(2,297+ kilocalories per serving))*85.82-68.11 (n=1,055, R-2=0.03, P < 0.0001). (FAO/WHO+ DCCT/EDIC formula forecasts averaged correlated strongly with published food group profiling findings except for potatoes and dairy foods (n=12, r=0.85, P = 0.0004). Formula predictions did not correlate with food group profiling findings for potatoes and dairy products (n=10, r= -0.33 P=0.36). A formula based diet and exercise analysis tool is available to researchers and individuals: http://thehealtheconomy.com/healthTool/. Conclusions: Two multiple regression derived formulas from dissimilar databases produced markedly similar estimates of future BMI for 1,055 individuals with type 1 diabetes and female and male cohorts from 167 countries. These formulas predicted the long-term weight impacts of foods and beverages, closely corresponding with most food group profiling estimates from three other databases. If discrepancies with potatoes and dairy products can be resolved, these formulas present a potential basis for a front-of-the-package weight impact rating system.
Replacing cows' with sheep's dairy fat lowers plasma cholesterol concentration in participants consuming dairy fat-rich diets; Objective: To determine the effects on plasma cholesterol concentration of replacing cows' dairy fat with sheep's dairy fat. Design: Randomised crossover dietary intervention. Setting: General community, Dunedin, New Zealand. Subjects: Volunteer sample of 41 healthy adults with initial plasma cholesterol concentration between 4.8 and 7.8 mmol/l. Interventions: Participants were asked to follow a self-selected low-fat background diet throughout the study to which, during each of the 2, 3-week dairy diets, they were asked to add sheep's or cows' dairy products. Main outcome measures: Energy and nutrient intakes, plasma triacylglycerol fatty acids, and plasma cholesterol. Results: Energy and nutrient intakes on the sheep-dairy and cow-dairy diets were very similar, with total, saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat contributing 34, 18 - 19, 9, and 3% of total energy intake, respectively. Participants consumed approximately 50 g/day of dairy fat on each diet. Replacing cows' with sheep's dairy fat led to a 0.33 (0.11 - 0.56, 95% CI) mmol/l decrease (6%) in plasma total cholesterol concentration, from 5.53 (0.90, s.d.) to 5.20 ( 0.90) mmol/l. Plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was 0.18 (0.02 - 0.33) mmol/l lower on the sheep-dairy diet as was the concentration of plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, 0.11 ( 0.02 - 0.20) mmol/l. The LDL to HDL cholesterol ratio at the end of the sheep-dairy diet, 2.91 (1.10), was not significantly different (P>0.05) from the cow-dairy diet, 2.73 (0.83). Conclusions: Within the context of a diet high in dairy fat ( 50 g/day), replacing cows' milk fat with sheep's milk fat leads to a small reduction in plasma cholesterol concentration, but no change in the ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol.
Diabetes and social deprivation; Background: Diabetes prevalence is frequently associated with low socioeconomic status (SES), but little is known about the relationship between SES and diabetes control, follow-up and quality of if. We evaluated SES by using the EPICES score, an individual index of deprivation (Evaluation de la Precarite et des Inegalites de Sante dans les Centres d'Examen de Sante; Evaluation of Precariousness and Inequalities in Health Examination Centers). A total of 1686 subjects aged from 25 to 85 years were selected at random in Montpellier and 154 in Narbonne, of whom 126 were managed by a care network including diabetologists; general practitioners and nurses. Capillary glycemia, the body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and blood pressure were measured in all the subjects. HbA1c was measured in subjects with above-normal glycemia. Five hundred sixty-four subjects from the study population (190 diabetic patients, 292 subjects with non diabetic hyperglycemia, and 86 euglycemic subjects) were clinically evaluated and asked to complete a questionnaire covering socioeconomic status and diet. The data were then compared between deprived and non deprived subjects. One hundred sixty-one diabetic patients had a clinical examination and completed a detailed questionnaire including their history, therapy, control and follow-up of diabetes, perception of diabetes, quality of life, socioeconomic status and diet. The data were then compared between deprived and non deprived patients. One hundred twenty-six diabetic subjects managed by the AUDIAB care network were compared with 163 diabetics recruited in Montpellier, based on the same investigations and the same questionnaires. The data were compared between the overall patients and between deprived and non deprived patients. In the overall population, deprived subjects were younger and more frequently smokers, and had higher BMI than non deprived subjects. The overall prevalence of type 2 diabetes was 8.1 %. Among patients younger than 65 years, deprived subjects had a higher prevalence of diabetes and non diabetic hyperglycemia than non deprived subjects (6.9 % vs 4.4 % and 22.8 % vs 19.5 %). More are unmarried males and 33 % present with a significant level of education (secondary or university). Deprivation was associated with transport difficulties, vehicle acquisition, living in a private house, employment. More have few income to buy food and a large number use economic stores. They eat few proteins; fresh vegetables, fruits, dairy products and more often rice, pasta, tea, coffee and soft drinks. Most have their meals outside in economic restaurants. Dental problems are very common. 161 diabetic patients were evaluated. Deprived diabetics were younger, more frequently males, more smokers with an increased BMI and WC. Among deprived diabetic patients, diabetes was diagnosed later on and less often by a systematic inquiry than in the non deprived group. Deprived patients presented with a poorer glycaemic control, more hypoglycaemic and ketosis events than non deprived subjects. They present with more difficulties to accept dietary and antidiabetic drugs. Insulin was less frequently used. Quality of life was impaired with an increased prevalence of anxiety and depression. Diabetic patients treated in the "Reseau de soins AUDIAB" presented with a better control of their disease and a better quality of life than patients treated out of the "Reseau". These data were confirmed whatever the level of deprivation.
Effects of whole cottonseed diet and recombinant bovine somatotropin on ovarian follicles in lactating dairy cows; The effects of whole cottonseed (WCS) in the diet and the administration of bovine somatotropin.(bST) on ovarian follicular dynamics and plasma progesterone (P-4) Concentrations were examined in cows during a,period of synchronized follicular growth. Lactating Holstein cows (n = 28) were randomly assigned to treatments in a 2 x factorial arrangement. Diets consisted of WCS (15% of dry matter) or no WCS, and bST at a dose of 0 or,208 mg/14 d. Dietary, treatments began within 24 h of calving and bST treatments began within 7 d postpartum. Cows received GnRH at 65 3 d postpartum (d 0), PGF(2alpha) (d 7), a second dose of GnRH (d 9), and were inseminated 16 h later (d 10). Ovarian changes were monitored daily by ultrasonography from d 0 to 9. On d 9, 93% of cows had a preovulatory follicle and 86% ovulated., For Class 2.(6 to 9 mm) follicles, a diet x bST interaction was detected, with bST stimulating Class 2 follicles in cows fed WCS, but not in cows on the control diet. Neither diet nor bST affected numbers of Class 1 (2 to 5 mm) or Class 3 ( greater than or equal to10 mm) follicles or sizes of the subordinate and dominant follicles. During the luteal phase of the cycle, lactating cows fed WCS tended to have elevated concentrations of Dlasma P-4, whereas bST was without effect. Plasma concentrations of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were increased in cows fed WCS. Number and diameter of corpora lutea did not differ among treatments.
Effect of Resistance Training and Various Sources of Protein Supplementation on Body Fat Mass and Metabolic Profile in Sarcopenic Overweight Older Adult Men: A Pilot Study; The decrease in resting energy expenditure (REE) and fat oxidation with aging is associated with an increase in fat mass (FM), and both could be prevented by exercise such as resistance training. Dairy consumption has also been shown to promote FM loss in different subpopulations and to be positively associated with fat oxidation. Therefore, we sought to determine whether resistance exercise combined with dairy supplementation could have an additive impact on FM and energy metabolism, especially in individuals with a deficit in muscle mass. Twenty-six older overweight sarcopenic men (65 +/- 5 years old) were recruited for the study. They participated in 4 months of resistance exercise and were randomized into three groups for postexercise shakes (control, dairy, and nondairy isocaloric and isoprotein supplement with 375 ml and similar to 280 calories per shake). Body composition was measured by dual X-ray absorptiometry and REE by indirect calorimetry. Fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, inflammatory profile, and blood lipid profile were also measured. Significant decreases were observed with FM only in the dairy supplement group; no changes were observed for any other variables. To conclude, FM may decrease without changes in metabolic parameters during resistance training and dairy supplementation with no caloric restriction without having any impact on metabolic properties. More studies are warranted to explain this significant decrease in FM.
Milk supplementation facilitates appetite control in obese women during weight loss: a randomised, single-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Dairy products provide Ca and protein which may facilitate appetite control. Conversely, weight loss is known to increase the motivation to eat. This randomised controlled trial verified the influence of milk supplementation on appetite markers during weight loss. Low Ca consumer women participated in a 6-month energy-restricted programme (-2508 kJ/d or -600 kcal/d) and received either a milk supplementation (1000 mg Ca/d) or an isoenergetic placebo (n 13 and 12, respectively). Fasting appetite sensations were assessed by visual analogue scales. Anthropometric parameters and fasting plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, leptin, ghrelin and cortisol were measured as well. Both groups showed a significant weight loss (P<0.0001). In the milk-supplemented group, a time x treatment interaction effect showed that weight loss with milk supplementation induced a smaller increase in desire to eat and hunger (P<0.05). Unlike the placebo group, the milk-supplemented group showed a lower than predicted decrease in fullness (-17.1 v. -88; -12.7 v. 3.3 mm, P<0.05, measured v. predicted values, respectively). Even after adjustment for fat mass loss, changes in ghrelin concentration predicted those in desire to eat (r 0.56, P<0.01), hunger (r 0.45, P<0.05) and fullness (r -0.40, P<0.05). However, the study did not show a between-group difference in the change in ghrelin concentration in response to the intervention. These results show that milk supplementation attenuates the orexigenic effect of body weight loss. Trial registration code: ClinicalTrials.gov NTC00729170.
Red Wine Polyphenols Do Not Lower Peripheral or Central Blood Pressure in High Normal Blood Pressure and Hypertension; BACKGROUND Epidemiological data suggest that modest red wine consumption may reduce cardiovascular disease risk. Red wine polyphenols improved human endothelial vascular function and reduced blood pressure (BP) in animal studies, but the results of human intervention studies investigating the effect of red wine polyphenols on BP are inconsistent. The objective was to investigate whether polyphenols extracted from red wine reduce peripheral and central BP in subjects with high-normal BP or grade 1 hypertension. METHODS In a double-blind, placebo-controlled three-period crossover trial, we assigned 61 subjects (mean age 61.4 +/- 8.4 years) with office systolic BP 135 +/- 9 mm Hg and diastolic BP 82 +/- 8 mm Hg to dairy drinks containing either placebo, 280 mg red wine polyphenols, or 560 mg red wine polyphenols. After each 4-week intervention period, office and 24-h ambulatory BP measurements, and central hemodynamic measurements derived from continuous finger BP recordings were assessed. RESULTS Polyphenol treatment did not significantly affect 24-h BP: systolic/diastolic BP was 143 +/- 2/84 +/- 1 mm Hg after placebo, 143 +/- 2/84 +/- 1 mm Hg after 280 mg/day of red wine polyphenols, and 142 +/- 2/83 +/- 1 mm Hg after 560 mg/day. Neither dose of polyphenol treatment changed office or central BP, aortic augmentation index (AIx) or pulse wave reflection index. CONCLUSIONS Intake of red wine polyphenols in two different dosages for 4 weeks did not decrease peripheral or central BP in subjects with a high normal or grade 1 hypertension. Our findings do not support the hypothesis that polyphenols account for the suggested cardiovascular benefits of red wine consumption by lowering BP.
Nutraceutical approach for the management of cardiovascular risk - a combination containing the probiotic Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and red yeast rice extract: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; BackgroundProbiotics incorporated into dairy products have been shown to reduce total (TC) and LDL cholesterolemia (LDL-C) in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia. More specifically, probiotics with high biliary salt hydrolase activity, e.g. Bifidobacterium longum BB536, may decrease TC and LDL-C by lowering intestinal cholesterol reabsorption and, combined with other nutraceuticals, may be useful to manage hypercholesterolemia in subjects with low cardiovascular (CV) risk. This study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a nutraceutical combination containing Bifidobacterium longum BB536, red yeast rice (RYR) extract (10mg/day monacolin K), niacin, coenzyme Q10 (Lactoflorene Colesterolo (R)). The end-points were changes of lipid CV risk markers (LDL-C, TC, non-HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG), apolipoprotein B (ApoB), HDL-C, apolipoprotein AI (ApoAI), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a), proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9)), and of markers of cholesterol synthesis/absorption.MethodsA 12-week randomized, parallel, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Thirty-three subjects (18-70years) in primary CV prevention and low CV risk (SCORE: 0-1% in 24 and 2-4% in 9 subjects; LDL-C: 130-200mg/dL) were randomly allocated to either nutraceutical (N=16) or placebo (N=17).ResultsTwelve-week treatment with the nutraceutical combination, compared to placebo, significantly reduced TC (-16.7%), LDL-C (-25.7%), non-HDL-C (-24%) (all p<0.0001), apoB (-17%, p=0.003). TG, HDL-C, apoAI, Lp(a), PCSK9 were unchanged. Lathosterol:TC ratio was significantly reduced by the nutraceutical combination, while campesterol:TC ratio and sitosterol:TC ratio did not change, suggesting reduction of synthesis without increased absorption of cholesterol. No adverse effects and a 97% compliance were observed.ConclusionsA 12-week treatment with a nutraceutical combination containing the probiotic Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and RYR extract significantly improved the atherogenic lipid profile and was well tolerated by low CV risk subjects.Trial registrationNCT02689934.
Daily egg consumption in hyperlipidemic adults - Effects on endothelial function and cardiovascular risk; Background: Limiting consumption of eggs, which are high in cholesterol, is generally recommended to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. However, recent evidence suggests that dietary cholesterol has limited influence on serum cholesterol or cardiac risk. Objective: To assess the effects of egg consumption on endothelial function and serum lipids in hyperlipidemic adults. Methods: Randomized, placebo-controlled crossover trial of 40 hyperlipidemic adults (24 women, 16 men; average age = 59.9 +/- 9.6 years; weight = 76.3 +/- 21.8 kilograms; total cholesterol = 244 +/- 24 mg/dL). In the acute phase, participants were randomly assigned to one of the two sequences of a single dose of three medium hardboiled eggs and a sausage/cheese breakfast sandwich. In the sustained phase, participants were then randomly assigned to one of the two sequences of two medium hardboiled eggs and 1/2 cup of egg substitute daily for six weeks. Each treatment assignment was separated by a four-week washout period. Outcome measures of interest were endothelial function measured as flow mediated dilatation (FMD) and lipid panel. Results: Single dose egg consumption had no effects on endothelial function as compared to sausage/cheese (0.4 +/- 1.9 vs. 0.4 +/- 2.4%; p = 0.99). Daily consumption of egg substitute for 6 weeks significantly improved endothelial function as compared to egg (1.0 +/- 1.2% vs. -0.1 +/- 1.5%; p < 0.01) and lowered serum total cholesterol (-18 +/- 18 vs. -5 +/- 21 mg/dL; p < 0.01) and LDL (-14 +/- 20 vs. -2 +/- 19 mg/dL; p = 0.01). Study results (positive or negative) are expressed in terms of change relative to baseline. Conclusions: Egg consumption was found to be non-detrimental to endothelial function and serum lipids in hyperlipidemic adults, while egg substitute consumption was beneficial.
Whole Grain Rye Intake, Reflected by a Biomarker, Is Associated with Favorable Blood Lipid Outcomes in Subjects with the Metabolic Syndrome - A Randomized Study; Background and Aim: Few studies have explored the possible plasma cholesterol lowering effects of rye consumption. The aim of this secondary analysis in the SYSDIET study was to investigate the association between plasma alkylresorcinols (AR), a biomarker for whole grain wheat and rye intake, and blood lipid concentrations in a population with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, we analyzed the associations between the AR C17:0/C21:0 ratio, a suggested marker of the relative intake of whole grain/bran rye, and blood lipid concentrations. Methods: Participants were 30-65 years of age, with body mass index (BMI) 27-40 kg/m(2) and had metabolic syndrome. Individuals were recruited through six centers in the Nordic countries and randomized either to a healthy Nordic diet (ND, n = 93), rich in whole grain rye and wheat, as well as berries, fruits and vegetables, rapeseed oil, three fish meals per week and low-fat dairy products, or a control diet (n = 65) for 18/24 weeks. Associations between total plasma AR concentration and C17:0/C21:0 homologue ratio and blood lipids were investigated in pooled (ND + control group) regression analyses at 18/24 weeks adjusted for baseline value for the dependent variable, age, BMI and statin use. Results: When adjusted for confounders, total plasma AR at 18/24 weeks was not significantly associated with blood lipids but the AR ratio C17:0/C21:0 was inversely associated with LDL cholesterol concentrations (B (95% Cl): -0.41 (-0.80 to -0.02)), log LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio (-0.20 (-0.37 to -0.03)), log non-HDL cholesterol (-0.20 (-0.37 to -0.03)), log apolipoprotein B (-0.12 (-0.24 to 0.00)) and log triglyceride concentrations (-0.35 (-0.59 to -0.12)). Discussion: Increased proportion of whole grain rye, reflected by a biomarker, in the diet is associated with favorable blood lipid outcomes, a relationship that should be further investigated.
Effects of butter high in ruminant <i>trans</i> and monounsaturated fatty acids on lipoproteins, incorporation of fatty acids into lipid classes, plasma C-reactive protein, oxidative stress, hemostatic variables, and insulin in healthy young men; Background: Evidence suggests that ruminant trans fatty acids (FAs), such as vaccenic acid, do not increase the risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD). However, the effects of ruminant trans FAs on risk markers of IHD have been poorly investigated. Objective: The objective was to investigate the effect of butter with a naturally high content of vaccenic acid and a concomitantly higher content of monounsaturated FAs on classic and novel risk markers of IHD. Design: In a double-blind, randomized, 5-wk, parallel intervention study, 42 healthy young men were given 115 g fat/d from test butter that was high in vaccenic acid (3.6 g vaccenic acid/d) or a control butter with a low content of vaccenic acid. Blood and urine samples were collected before and after the intervention. Results: The intake of the vaccenic acid-rich diet resulted in 6% and 9% lower total cholesterol and plasma HDL-cholesterol concentrations, respectively, than did the intake of the control diet (P = 0.05 and 0.002, respectively), whereas the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol did not differ significantly between the groups. The FA composition of lipid classes reflected the FAs' proportion of the test butter. No other differences were observed. Conclusions: Butter high in ruminant trans and monounsaturated FAs resulted in significantly lower total and HDL cholesterol than did the control butter with higher amounts of saturated FAs. It may be that the differences were due to the greater content of monounsaturated FAs and the lesser content of saturated FAs in the butter rich in ruminant trans FAs, rather than to the content of vaccenic acid per se.
Strategic Ingestion of High-Protein Dairy Milk during a Resistance Training Program Increases Lean Mass, Strength, and Power in Trained Young Males; Background: We evaluated the effects of high-protein dairy milk ingestion on changes in body composition, strength, power, and skeletal muscle regulatory markers following 6 weeks of resistance training in trained young males. Methods: Thirty resistance-trained young males (age: 27 +/- 3 years; training experience: 15 +/- 2 months) were randomly assigned to one of two groups: high-protein dairy milk (both whey and casein) + resistance training (MR; n = 15) or isoenergetic carbohydrate (maltodextrin 9%) + resistance training (PR; n = 15). Milk and placebo were ingested immediately post-exercise (250 mL; 30 g protein) and 30 min before sleep (250 mL; 30 g protein). Before and after 6 weeks of linear periodized resistance training (4 times/week), body composition (bioelectrical impedance), strength, power, and serum levels of skeletal muscle regulatory markers (insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), growth hormone, testosterone, cortisol, follistatin, myostatin, and follistatin-myostatin ratio) were assessed. Results: The MR group experienced a significantly higher (p < 0.05) increase in lean mass, strength, and power (upper- and lower-body) than the PR group. Further, IGF-1, growth hormone, testosterone, follistatin, and follistatin-myostatin ratio were significantly increased, while cortisol and myostatin significantly decreased in the MR group than the PR group (p < 0.05). Conclusions: The strategic ingestion of high-protein dairy milk (post-exercise and pre-sleep) during 6 weeks of resistance training augmented lean mass, strength, power, and altered serum concentrations of skeletal muscle regulatory markers in trained young males compared to placebo.
Dairy products and metabolic syndrome among Iranian adult population: Isfahan Healthy Heart Program; The associations between frequency of low fat, high fat and total dairy consumption and metabolic syndrome (MS) occurrence were determined. In a cross-sectional survey, 9660 randomly chosen adults aged >= 19 years were selected in three districts of central Iran in 2007. Nutrition behaviours were assessed with a food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric, blood pressure and biochemical measurement were collected. This study showed that the total dairy intake was inversely related to MS occurrence after full adjustment [odds ratio (95% confidence interval) 0.84 (0.70-0.96); P = 0.04]. However, there were no significant associations between low and high fat dairy and the occurrence of MS after full adjustment. Total dairy intake had an inverse association with systolic blood pressure, waist circumference and triglyceride and positive relationship with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials on the effect of a variety of dairy products on MS need to be conducted. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Characteristics of Frozen Yoghurt Enriched with Red Dragon Fruit Skin Extracts (Hylocereus polyrhizus); The composition of the dragon fruit skin with fruit has a weight of 30-35% of the fruit weight and has not been widely utilized. Previous studies have suggested that red dragon fruit skin extracts with water solvent contain 1.1 mg /100 ml anthocyanin. The content of anthocyanin can function lower cholesterol content in blood, besides red dragon fruit skin contains fiber about 46,7% which is very good for health. This study aims to determine the chemical characteristics of frozen yogurt red dragon skin fruit to antioxidant levels, fiber content, pH, Total acid content and frozen yogurt melting time. The design of the research was Randomized Complete Design (RAL) of 1 factor, which was treated as red dragon skin fruit extract, consisting of 4 treatment levels: 0%, 25%, 35%, and 45%. The results showed that the addition of red dragon fruit extract increased antioxidant levels ranging from 4.00 to 12.25%, crude fiber content ranged from 1.037 to 1.625%, total acid ranged from 0.73 to 1.14%, and decreased the pH value of 5, 48 - 4.39 and has a melting time of frozen yogurt 17.20 - 22.88 minutes.
The effect of calcium supplement intake on lipid profile: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Despite the potential role of dietary calcium in fat excretion, the favorable effects of calcium supplements on lipid profile remains inconclusive. The current study aimed to review the effect of calcium supplement intake on lipid profile in randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs). This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and Central. RCTs which assessed the effects of calcium supplementation on lipid profile were included. All outcomes were recorded as continuous variables, and the effect size was measured. We classified studies according to dose of supplement, study duration, and dyslipidemia. Calcium supplement intake was associated with a significant reduction in low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) level (WMD:-0.08; 95%CI:-0.16,-0.01)(mmol/l), especially with intakes of at least 1000 mg/day (WMD:-0.13; 95%CI:-0.23,-0.03)(mmol/l), with intakes of at least 12 weeks (WMD:-0.08; 95%CI: -0.16,-0.00)(mmol/l), and in individuals without dyslipidemia (WMD:-0.15; 95%CI:-0.26,-0.04)(mmol/l). Also, in another subgroup analysis, consumption of less than 1000 mg/day calcium supplement caused a significant increase in Total Cholesterol (TC) level (WMD: 0.24; 95%CI: 0.05,0.42) (mmol/l). In other blood lipids or study subgroups we observed no significant effect. We concluded that calcium supplements had a favorable effect on LDL-C level, especially in individuals without dyslipidemia, higher calcium intakes, and longer period of consumption.
Greek Yogurt and 12 Weeks of Exercise Training on Strength, Muscle Thickness and Body Composition in Lean, Untrained, University-Aged Males; Milk and/or whey protein plus resistance exercise (RT) increase strength and muscle size, and optimize body composition in adult males and females. Greek yogurt (GY) contains similar muscle-supporting nutrients as milk yet it is different in several ways including being a semi-solid food, containing bacterial cultures and having a higher protein content (mostly casein) per serving. GY has yet to be investigated in the context of a RT program. The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of GY consumption plus RT on strength, muscle thickness and body composition in lean, untrained, university-aged males. Thirty untrained, university-aged (20.6 +/- 2.2 years) males were randomized to 2 groups (n = 15/group): fat-free, plain GY or a Placebo Pudding (PP; isoenergetic carbohydrate-based pudding) and underwent a combined RT/plyometric training program 3 days/week for 12 weeks. They consumed either GY (20 g protein/dose) or PP (0 g protein/dose) daily, 3 times on training days and 2 times on non-training days. After 12 weeks, both groups significantly increased strength, muscle thickness and fat-free mass (FFM) (p < 0.05). The GY group gained more total strength (GY; 98 +/- 37 kg, PP; 57 +/- 15 kg), more biceps brachii muscular thickness (GY; 0.46 +/- 0.3 cm, PP; 0.12 +/- 0.2 cm), more FFM (GY; 2.4 +/- 1.5 kg, PP; 1.3 +/- 1.3 kg), and reduced % body fat (GY; -1.1 +/- 2.2%, PP; 0.1 +/- 2.6%) than PP group (p < 0.05 expressed as absolute change). Thus, consumption of GY during a training program resulted in improved strength, muscle thickness and body composition over a carbohydrate-based placebo. Given the results of our study, the general benefits of consuming GY and its distinctiveness from milk, GY can be a plausible, post-exercise, nutrient-rich alternative for positive strength, muscle, and body composition adaptations.
Effect of high milk and sugar-sweetened and non-caloric soft drink intake on insulin sensitivity after 6 months in overweight and obese adults: a randomized controlled trial; Background/objectives Milk contributes with saturated fat, but randomized controlled trials (RCT) on the effects of dairy on the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) where dairy is given as whole foods are scarce. The objective of our study was to investigate the long-term effects of semi-skimmed milk on insulin sensitivity and further to compare milk with sugar-sweetened soft drinks (SSSD). Subjects/methods A secondary analysis of a 6-month RCT with 60 overweight and obese subjects randomly assigned to 1 L/d of either milk (1.5 g fat/100 mL), SSSD, non-calorie soft drink (NCSD), or water was conducted. Insulin sensitivity was evaluated by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and plasma free fatty acids. Second, fasting blood lipids, blood pressure, and concentration of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were assessed. Results There were no differences between milk, SSSD, NCSD, and water on insulin sensitivity assessed by OGTT (Matsuda Index, fasting, and area under the curve glucose, insulin and homeostasis model assessment values). SSSD increased total cholesterol compared to NCSD (P = 0.007), and triacylglycerol compared to NCSD and water (P = 0.045 and 0.045, respectively). None of the other parameters differed significantly between the groups. Conclusions In conclusion, there were no differences in effect between intake of milk, SSSD, NCSD, and water (1 L/d) for 6-month on risk markers of T2D in overweight and obese adults. As a secondary analysis, these results need confirmation in future studies.
Effect of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> strain Shirota-fermented milk on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic Japanese men: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; An obesity-related prediabetic state is characterised by metabolic abnormalities such as post-glucose load hyperglycaemia and dyslipidaemia and consequently increases the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to investigate the effects of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota (LcS) on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Herein, 100 obese subjects (body mass index >= 25), who had moderate post-load hyperglycaemia (1-hr post-load plasma glucose (PG) levels >= 180 mg/dl during the oral glucose tolerance test), consumed LcS-fermented milk or placebo milk daily for 8 weeks. The post-load PG and fasting blood markers were evaluated. Although post-load PG levels were not significantly different between the groups, 1-hr post-load PG, glycoalbumin, and HbA1c levels decreased at 8 weeks compared with the baseline levels only in the LcS group (p=0.036, p=0.002, and p=0.006, respectively). The reduction in glycoalbumin levels was statistically significantly greater in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.030). Stratified analyses revealed significantly improved 1-hr post-load PG and glycoalbumin levels in the LcS group compared with the placebo group among subjects with severe glucose intolerance (2-hr post-load PG levels higher than the median at baseline; p=0.036 and p=0.034, respectively). In terms of lipidic outcomes, total, low-density lipoprotein, and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly lower in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.023, p=0.022, and p=0.008, respectively). These findings suggest that LcS may favourably affect metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects, though the effects on glycaemic control may be limited.
Impact of margarine enriched with plant sterols on blood lipids, platelet function, and fibrinogen level in young men; The effects of margarines enriched with omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), as well as those containing plant sterols or stanols, on reduction of plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) have been extensivly studied. However, their impact on fibrinogen (Fb) concentration and blood platelet function is much less known. Our research involved 42 healthy male students (average age, 23.7 +/- 1.6) who during the research period were subjected to a controlled regime of nutrition and physical activity. After a period of diet stabilization involving 30 g butter daily in 2 servings, the subjects were randomly divided into 2 groups. In the first group, the butter was replaced by the same quantity of PUFA margarine, while the second group received margarine with added plant sterols instead of butter. The subjects consuming margarine with sterols showed a significant (11%) decrease in LDL-C (P < .001). Margarine rich in PUFA caused a 6% reduction in LDL-C (P < .01), with a simultaneous 3% reduction in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (P < .001). Both types of margarine increased the concentration of Fb (P < .001), without exceeding the normal medium value of 2.8 g/L. After the consumption of margarine with sterols, the adhesion and aggregation time of blood platelets was significantly prolonged after collagen-epinephrine activation. Margarine with sterols, through its antiplatelet activity and the significant reduction of LDL-C, can play a vital role in the nonpharmacologic prevention of circulatory diseases. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of vitamin D3-fortified-yogurt drink on anthropometric, metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers according to vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms in type 2 diabetic patients: a study protocol for a randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is determined by the interactions of genetic and environmental factors. This study was designed to evaluate the possible role of VDR single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) on different aspects of diabetic host response (anthropometric, metabolic, oxidative stress and inflammatory) to daily intake of vitamin D through fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks. Methods/Design: This study comprises two parts: (i) a case-control study; and (ii) an intervention trial. In the first part, VDR polymorphisms (Taq1, FokI, Apa1, Bsm1, and Cdx2) are determined in 350 T2DM patients and 350 non-diabetic subjects. In the second part, the possible effects of daily intake of two servings of vitamin D3-fortified yogurt drink (FYD; 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL) on some selected metabolic (including insulin resistance), inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers in 135 T2DM patients are assessed. To relate the resulted changes in the biomarkers to vitamin D replenishment, another group of diabetic patients (n = 45) are also included in the study who receive 2 servings of plain yogurt drink (PYD) a day. The primary outcome is serum level of 25(OH) D, which it is expected to be elevated only in FYD group. Secondary outcomes include improvements in glycemic, metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers in FYD group compared to PYD group. Three VDR FokI polymorphisms are determined only in FYD group followed by comparison of changes in the biomarkers among these genotypic variants. Discussion: The present study, at least in part, elucidates the discrepancies in the results of different vitamin D-diabetes studies pertaining to the genetic variations of the population. If VDR polymorphisms are found to influence the response to our intervention, then knowing distribution of VDR polymorphisms in both diabetic and non-diabetic populations can give a picture of the proportion of the community in whom up to 1000 IU/d vitamin D may not be effective enough to improve insulin resistance and related morbidities. Therefore, they should ideally receive further nutritional support according to their genotype.
EFFECTS OF SUPPLEMENTING LACTIC ACID BACTERIA ON FECALMICROBIOTA, TOTAL CHOLESTEROL, TRIGLYCERIDES AND BILE ACIDS IN RATS; Background: Probiotics (LAB) are normal components of the intestinal micro-flora in both humans and animals and its ingestion in decreasing the risk of atherosclerosis. In addition, the potential health effects of LAB were investigated by monitoring changes in intestinal micro-flora and lipid metabolism in a rat model. Materials and Methods: Rats were randomly assigned into four treatments and fecal samples were obtained on days 1, 3, 5, 9 and 14, to evaluate fecal micro biota, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and bile acids in rats (TBA). Results: The results indicated that Lactobacillus plantarum strain L.p X3-2B increased fecal lactic acid bacteria(LAB) and Bifidobacterium while resisting the growth of harmful bacteria. Viable counts of LAB and Bifidobacterium reached 8 log cfu/mL after feeding for 14 days. Fecal pH in the control group was high in comparison with the treatments at all times. Treatment increased the excretion of triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC) and total bile acid (TBA). The results indicate that LAB and Bifidobacterium induce a positive correlation with fecal TC, TG and TBA and a negative correlation with fecal Enterobacteriaceae, Enterococcus and Escherichia coli. Conclusion: Lactic acid bacteria screened from Inner Mongolia native meat sausages in China had cholesterol-lowering effect.
Effects of exogenous glucagon on lipids in lipoproteins and liver of lactating dairy cows; Decreased concentrations of phospholipids, free cholesterol, and cholesteryl ester in plasma and liver are associated with fatty liver, a major metabolic disease of dairy cows in early lactation. The objective was to test whether daily subcutaneous injections of 7.5 and 15 mg of glucagon, which can decrease concentrations of liver triacylglycerol, affect concentrations of plasma lipoprotein components and liver lipids other than triacylglycerol. Multiparous Holstein cows (n = 32) were grouped on the basis of liver triacylglycerol concentrations at d 8 postpartum into "normal" (n = 8; triacylglycerol <1% liver wet wt) and "susceptible to fatty liver" (n = 24; triacylglycerol >1% liver wet wt) cows. Susceptible cows were assigned randomly to three groups and beginning at d 8 postpartum received 0 (same for Normal cows), 2.5, or 5 mg of glucagon by subcutaneous injections every 8 h for 14 d. In comparison to saline injections, subcutaneous injections of glucagon either increased or tended to increase concentrations of phospholipids and free cholesterol in liver, with greater increases of the latter during ambient temperatures below 35degreesC. Glucagon injections decreased or tended to decrease concentrations of very low-density lipoprotein-triacylglycerol, high-density lipoprotein(1)-phospholipids, and high-density lipoprotein(2)-free cholesterol in plasma, with no changes of the latter two during ambient temperatures below 35degreesC. The results indicate that subcutaneously administered glucagon has only minor effects on the lipid transport in plasma of dairy cows in early lactation with more beneficial effects occurring during ambient temperatures below 35degreesC and, most importantly, no indications that glucagon has negative effects.
Efficacy of Probiotic Milk Formula on Blood Lipid and Intestinal Function in Mild Hypercholesterolemic Volunteers: A Placebo-control, Randomized Clinical Trial; Several studies have reported that probiotics could modulate host lipid metabolism via altering the intestinal microbiota. Hence, the current study was aimed to assess the efficacy of a mixture of probiotic-contained milk formula (PMF) with three different bacterial strains [Lactobacillus acidophilus (La5), Lactobacillus casei (TMC), Bifidobacterium lactis (Bb12)] on lipid profile and intestinal function in healthy mild hypercholesterolemic volunteers. Totally, 40 healthy mild hypercholesterolemic subjects (180-220 mg/dL) were randomly assigned into two groups as placebo or experimental group. All the subjects were requested to drink either PMF (experimental) or skimmed milk drink formula-placebo (30 g mixed with 200 mL of water) for 10 weeks and continued by 2 weeks of the follow-up period. Supplementation of PMF for 10 weeks significantly improved (p < 0.05) the fecal weight, fecal movement (decreased fecal gastrointestinal passing time) by improving intestinal microbiota (increasing beneficial bacterial species like Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium spp.), and lag time of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation. Also, intake of PMF substantially reduced (p < 0.05) the levels of total cholesterol (TC; 8.1%) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c; 10.4%) and thus showcasing its cardioprotective efficacy. PMF considerably improves gastrointestinal function by modulating fecal movement, intestinal microbiota, and decrease cholesterol and might be helpful in the management of hypercholesterolemia.
Corn oil improves the plasma lipoprotein lipid profile compared with extra-virgin olive oil consumption in men and women with elevated cholesterol: Results from a randomized controlled feeding trial; BACKGROUND: Restricted intakes of saturated and trans-fatty acids is emphasized in heart-healthy diets, and replacement with poly- and monounsaturated fatty acids is encouraged. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich corn oil (CO) and monounsaturated fatty acid-rich extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO) on plasma lipids in men and women (N = 54) with fasting low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) >= 130 mg/dL and <200 mg/dL and triglycerides (TG) <= 350 mg/dL. METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized, crossover design (21-day treatments, 21-day washout between), 4 tablespoons/day CO or EVOO were provided in 3 servings study product/day (muffin, roll, yogurt) as part of a weight-maintenance diet (similar to 35% fat, <10% saturated fat, <300 mg cholesterol). Subjects ate breakfast at the clinic every weekday throughout the study. Lunches, dinners, and snacks (and breakfasts on weekends) were provided for consumption away from the clinic. RESULTS: Baseline mean (standard error) lipids in mg/dL were: LDL-C 153.3 (3.5), total cholesterol (total-C) 225.7 (3.9), non-high-density lipoprotein (non-HDL)-C 178.3 (3.7), HDL-C 47.4 (1.7), total-C/HDL-C 5.0 (0.2), and TG 124.8 (7.2). CO resulted in significantly larger least-squares mean % changes (all P < .001 vs EVOO) from baseline in LDL-C -10.9 vs -3.5, total-C -8.2 vs -1.8, non-HDL-C -9.3 vs -1.6, and total-C/HDL-C -4.4 vs 0.5. TG rose a smaller amount with CO, 3.5 vs 13.0% with EVOO (P = .007). HDL-C responses were not significantly different between conditions (-3.4 vs -1.7%). CONCLUSION: Consumption of CO in a weight-maintenance, low saturated fat and cholesterol diet resulted in more favorable changes in LDL-C and other atherogenic lipids vs EVOO. (C) 2015 National Lipid Association.
<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> BNR17 Supplementation Reduces the Visceral Fat Accumulation and Waist Circumference in Obese Adults: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 is a probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk. Animal studies reported that BNR17 inhibited increases in body weight and adipose tissue weights. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the antiobesity effects of BNR17 in humans. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 90 volunteers aged 20-75 years with body mass index (BMI) from 25 to 35kg/m(2) were randomized to receive a placebo, low-dose BNR (BNR-L, 10(9) CFU/day), or high-dose BNR (BNR-H, 10(10) CFU/day) for 12 weeks. Body weight, BMI, waist and hip circumferences, waist-to-hip ratio, abdominal adipose tissue areas, body fat mass, lean body mass, and biochemical parameters were assessed at the beginning and end of the trial. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) was significantly decreased in the BNR-H group compared with the placebo group (P=.038). Difference of VAT areas of the BNR-H group compared with the placebo group after 12-week consumption of BNR17 was significant (-21.6cm(2), P=.012). Waist circumferences were significantly decreased in both the BNR-L and BNL-H groups (P=.045 and .012, respectively) compared with the baseline values, but not in the placebo group. Biochemical parameters were not significantly different among the groups. These findings suggest that daily consumption of BNR17 may contribute to reduced visceral fat mass in obese adults.
THE SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF A SILYMARIN AND SELENIUM COMBINATION IN MEN AFTER RADICAL PROSTATECTOMY - A SIX MONTH PLACEBO-CONTROLLED DOUBLE-BLIND CLINICAL TRIAL; Background. Silymarin, a milk thistle flavonolignan mixture, has anti-proliferative and anti-angiogenic activities in xenografts of human prostate cancer (PCa). Low dietary selenium on the other hand has been associated with increased incidence of PCa. The purpose of the current trial was to determine whether a daily administration of a silymarin and selenium (SM-Se) combination for 6 months would alter basic clinical chemistry and oxidative stress markers, and improve the quality of life score (QoL) in men after radical prostatectomy (RP). Methods. Thirty seven participants, 2-3 months after RP, were randomly assigned to receive 570 mg of silymarin and 240 mu g of selenium as selenomethionine (n = 19, SM-Se group) or placebo (n = 18, Placebo group) daily for six months. Both groups had similar clinical and demographic characteristics. Physical examination, QoL score, haematology, basic clinical chemistry and oxidative stress markers, selenium and testosterone levels, antioxidant status were evaluated at baseline, at 3 and 6 months. Results. The six months administration of silymarin and selenium improved the QoL score, decreased low density lipoproteins (LDL) and total cholesterol and, increased serum selenium levels. The combination had no effect on blood antioxidant status and no influence on testosterone level. No adverse events were recorded. No improvement was found in the placebo group. Conclusions. The selected combination of silymarin and selenium significantly reduced two markers of lipid metabolism known to be associated with PCa progression, LDL and total cholesterol in the blood of men after RP. This suggests that this combination may be effective in reducing PCa progression.
Breast-milk levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants in relation to women's age and pre-pregnant body mass index; The aim of the present study was to determine associations between the occurrence of PBDFs in breast milk of women and their demographic parameters. Participants were randomly recruited from the general Population in southern Taiwan. Thirty two breast milk samples were collected and subsequently 30 congeners of PBDEs were analyzed using a high resolution gas chromatograph with a high resolution mass spectrometer. The mean and median of Sigma PBDEs were 3.54 and 3.31 ng/g lipid, respectively. Sigma PBDE levels in breast milk were not significantly correlated with age and pi e-pregnant BMI of Taiwanese mothers. We (lid find, however, that the higher hexaBDE level was significantly related to older age (> 29 years). Higher levels of Sigma PBDEs and higher brominated PBDEs, such as nonaBDEs and decaBDE, had Slightly but not significantly negative correlations with lower pre-pregnant BMI (<= 21 kg/m(2)). There were no significant differences in PBDE levels among parity and ethnic groups. Sigma PBDE levels in Taiwanese breast milk were lower than those reported from the United States or Canada. Sigma PBDE levels of the present study (2007-2008) are significantly lower than those found ill our previous report (2000-2001). although Our results were limited by the sampling size, preliminary results Suggest file exploratory relations to show positive associations of PBDE homologues (e.g. triBDEs and hexaBDEs) with maternal age. PBDEs pattern of breast milk may have changed after pentaBDEs were stopped to Use in Taiwan. (C) 2009 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Nutritional characteristics and quality of eggs from laying hens fed on a diet supplemented with chestnut tannin extract (<i>Castanea sativa</i> Miller); 1. The trial was performed with 80 laying hens belonging to two Tuscan autochthonous breeds: 40 birds of the Mugellese (MU) breed and 40 of the White Leghorn (WL) breed.The animals were allotted to 4 groups of individually caged 20 hens each: two groups were fed on a commercial diet and worked as the control groups (MUC and WLC); the other two groups received the same diet, integrated with 2g of chestnut tannin (CT) extract per kg of diet (MUT and WLT).A sample of 70 eggs were randomly collected and analysed for cholesterol content, fatty acid (FA) profile, weight, thickness of shell and colour of yolk.Physical parameters, including yolk colour, and indices of egg quality were not affected by the treatments.The concentration of unsaturated FAs increased, whereas cholesterol was significantly decreased: -17% in WLT and -9% in MUT. Dietary supplementation with CT extract resulted in a modification of lipid composition, towards a more healthy quality of eggs.
Effects of arginase inhibition via jugular infusion of <i>N</i><SUP>ω</SUP>-hydroxy-nor-L-arginine on metabolic and immune indices in lactating dairy cows; Transformation of Arg to nitric oxide and ornithine (Arg-Orn) constitutes the main route of Arg metabolism in mammals. The primary objective of this work was to determine the effects of inhibiting the Arg-Orn pathway via N-omega-hydroxy-nor-L-arginine (nor-NOVA) on health of lactating cows. Furthermore, we also explored the effect of Arg-Orn inhibition on the efficiency of nitrogen utilization to find support for previous research that showed the inhibition of Arg-Orn inhibited milk protein synthesis. Six healthy Chinese Holstein cows of similar body weight (550.0 +/- 20 kg), parity (4.0 +/- 0), body condition score (3.0 +/- 0), milk yield (21.0 +/- 1.0 kg), and days in milk (80 +/- 2 d) were selected and randomly assigned to 3 treatments in a replicated 3 x 3 Latin square design with 22 d for each period (7 d for infusion and 15 d for washout). The treatments were (1) saline infusion (control); (2) infusion of 125 mg/L of nor-NOHA; and (3) infusion of 125 mg/L of nor-NOHA with 9.42 g/L of Arg. Dry matter intake, apparent digestibility of nutrients, urinary N, N in milk, and blood indices of metabolism and immune function were determined. Compared with the control, the infusion of nor-NOHA had no effect on the concentrations of cholesterol, high-density lipoproteins, IgA, IL-1 beta, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and alanine transaminase. In addition, the dry matter intake, apparent digestibility of N, and the concentration of milk protein N in the Nor-NOHA did not differ from the control; however, the infusion of nor-NOIIA and Arg resulted in greater concentrations of high-density lipoprotein, IgA, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and lower concentrations of cholesterol in serum compared with the control. Moreover, the addition of Arg to cows infused with nor-NOHA increased the concentration of nitrate (the indicator of nitric oxide) in serum and was associated with greater milk protein N production due to greater milk yield compared with those infused with nor-NOHA. Overall, the results indicated important roles of Arg in immunity and mammary N utilization, whereas a minor role of the Arg-Orn pathway in these physiologic processes was found.
Effect of rapeseed meal supplementation to gestation diet on reproductive performance, blood profiles and milk composition of sows; Objective: This experiment evaluated the effect of dietary supplementation levels of rapeseed meal (RSM) in gestation diets on reproductive performance, blood profiles, milk composition of sows, and growth of their progeny. Methods: A total of 55 mixed-parity sows (YorkshirexLandrace; average parity = 3.82) with an initial body weight (BW) of 193.0 kg were used in this experiment. Sows were allotted to one of 5 treatments at breeding based on BW and backfat thickness in a completely randomized design. Treatments consisted of dietary RSM supplementation levels (0%, 3%, 6%, 9%, and 12%) in gestation diets. During lactation all sows were fed a common lactation diet with no RSM supple-mentation. Results: Body weight, backfat thickness, litter size, lactation feed intake, and milk composition of sows, and growth of their progeny were not different among dietary treatments. In blood profiles, a quadratic increase (Quadratic, p<0.05) in serum triiodothyronine (T3) concentration and a linear increase (Linear, p<0.01) in serum thyroxine (T4) concentration were observed at d 110 of gestation as dietary RSM supplementation levels increased. However, serum T3 and T4 concentrations in lactating sows and their piglets were not affected by RSM supplementation of gestation diets. Concentrations of serum total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol in sows were not influenced by dietary treatments, whereas serum glucose level in sows decreased linearly at d 110 of gestation (Linear, p<0.05) by increasing dietary RSM supplementation in gestation diets. Conclusion: The RSM could be supplemented to gestation diets up to 12% with no detrimental effects on reproductive performance and growth of their progeny. However, increasing supple-mentation levels of RSM in gestation diets may increase serum T3 and T4 concentrations and decrease serum glucose concentration of sows in late gestation.
Reduced-calorie orange juice beverage with plant sterols lowers C-reactive protein concentrations and improves the lipid profile in human volunteers; Background: Dietary plant sterols effectively reduce LDL cholesterol when incorporated into fat matrices. We showed previously that supplementation with orange juice containing plant sterols (2 g/d) significantly reduced LDL cholesterol. Inflammation is pivotal in atherosclerosis. High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), the prototypic marker of inflammation, is a cardiovascular disease risk marker; however, there is a paucity of data on the effect of plant sterols on CRP concentrations. Objective: The aim of this study was to examine whether plant sterols affect CRP concentrations and the lipoprotein profile when incorporated into a reduced-calorie (50 calories/240 mL) orange juice beverage. Design: Seventy-two healthy subjects were randomly assigned to receive a reduced-calorie orange juice beverage either without (Placebo Bev) or with (1 g/240 mL; Sterol Bev) plant sterols twice a day with meals for 8 wk. Fasting blood was obtained at baseline and after 8 wk of Placebo Bev or Sterol Bev supplementation. Results: Sterol Bev supplementation significantly reduced total cholesterol (5%; P < 0.01) and LDL cholesterol (9.4%; P < 0.001) compared with both baseline and Placebo Bev (P < 0.05). HDL cholesterol increased significantly with Sterol Bev (P < 0.02). No significant changes in triacylglycerol, glucose, or liver function tests were observed with Sterol Bev. Sterol Bev supplementation resulted in no significant change in vitamin E and carotenoid concentrations. Sterol Bev supplementation resulted in a significant reduction of CRP concentrations compared with baseline and Placebo Bev (median reduction: 12%; P < 0.005). Conclusion: Supplementation with a reduced-calorie orange juice beverage containing plant sterols is effective in reducing CRP and LDL cholesterol and could be incorporated into the dietary portion of therapeutic lifestyle changes.
The relation between dietary intake of vegetable oils and serum lipids and apolipoprotein levels in central Iran; BACKGROUND: The detrimental effects of partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVOs) on apolipoproteins have been reported from several parts of the world. However, little data is available in this regard from the understudied region of the Middle East. The present study therefore tried to evaluate the association between type of vegetable oils and serum lipids and apolipoprotein levels among Iranians. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, data from 1772 people (795 men and 977 women) aged 19-81 years, who were selected with multistage cluster random sampling method from three cities of Isfahan, Najafabad and Arak in "Isfahan Healthy Heart Program" (IHHP) (Iran), was used. To assess participants' usual dietary intakes, a validated food frequency questionnaire was used. Hydrogenated vegetable oil (commonly consumed for cooking in Iran) and margarine were considered as the category of PHVOs. Soy, sunflower, corn, olive and canola oils were considered as non-HVOs. After an overnight fasting, serum cholesterol (total, low density lipoprotein (LDL) and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol) and triglyceride as well as apolipoproteins A and B were measured using standard methods. RESULTS: Participants with the highest intakes of non-HVOs and PHVOs were younger and had lower weight than those with lowest intakes. High consumption of non-HVOs and PHVOs was associated with lower intakes of energy, carbohydrate, dietary fiber, and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, meat, milk and grains. No overall significant differences were found in serum lipids and apolipoprotein levels across the quartiles of non-HVOs and PHVOs after controlling for potential confounding. CONCLUSION: We did not find any significant associations between hydrogenated or nonhydrogenated vegetable oil and serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels. Thus, further studies are needed in this region to explore this association.
Evaluation of an herbal choline feed plant additive in lamb feedlot rations; An experiment was carried out to evaluate the effect of an herbal choline feed plant additive on the productive parameters and blood metabolites of finishing lambs. Forty male Hampshire x Suffolk lambs (initial body weight of 30.36 +/- 3.75 kg) were assigned according to a completely randomized design. Treatments consisted of dietary inclusion of the herbal additive BioCholine at 0, 3, 6, and 9 g/kg dry matter for 56 days. A linear response for herbal choline dose was observed for daily gain, final body weight, feed conversion, blood glucose, and blood phosphatidylcholine as herbal choline level was increased in the diet. Total protein, globulins, and low-density lipoproteins showed a quadratic effect, and there were no effects on intake, Longissimus dorsi area, back fat, blood cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoproteins, or albumins. The inclusion of the herbal choline feed plant additive improved daily gain and feed efficiency of finishing lambs. The choline feed plant additive is a source that can be used to meet choline requirements in small ruminants, as demonstrated by blood phosphatidylcholine and lamb performance.
An Adequate Calcium Intake Could Help Achieve Weight Loss in Overweight/Obese Women following Hypocaloric Diets; Aim: To investigate the effect of calcium (Ca) intake and dairy product consumption modification on body composition in overweight/obese women following two types of hypocaloric diet. Methods: Study subjects were 57 women who were randomly assigned to follow one of two hypocaloric diets: diet V, in which the relative consumption of vegetables was increased, and diet C, which involved increasing the relative consumption of cereals (especially breakfast cereals). Dietetic and anthropometric data were collected at the start and at the end of the 6-week intervention period. Results: Ca density, Ca index of nutritional quality and Ca/protein improved with both diets. Dairy products, Ca intake, dairy Ca intake and Ca/protein were inversely correlated with body mass index at the end of the study. Among the women with an initial calcium intake below the 50th percentile, those who achieved a reduction in body mass index above the 50th percentile were those who most increased their total calcium intake, calcium intake from dairy sources, calcium density, calcium/protein ratio and the intake of total and skimmed dairy product consumption. Conclusion: Correcting an inadequate calcium intake could help improve weight loss in women following hypocaloric diets. Copyright c 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel
Effect of Peanut Consumption on Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Randomized Clinical Trial and Meta-Analysis; Although numerous studies have reported the protective effect of nut consumption on cardiovascular risk, evidence for the role of peanuts in maintaining cardiometabolic health is inconclusive. Presented here are the results from the ARISTOTLE study, a parallel randomized controlled trial evaluating the impact of regular peanut intake on anthropometric, biochemical, and clinical measurements. The 63 healthy subjects that completed the study consumed their habitual diet plus either: a) 25 g/day of skin roasted peanuts (SRP, n = 21), b) two tablespoons (32 g)/day of peanut butter (PB, n = 23) or c) two tablespoons (32 g)/day of a control butter based on peanut oil (CB, n = 19) for 6 months. In addition, a meta-analysis of clinical trials, including data from the ARISTOTLE study, was carried out to update the evidence for the effects of consuming peanuts, including high-oleic peanuts, and peanut butter on healthy subjects and those at high cardiometabolic risk. After a systematic search on PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library and Scopus databases up to July 2021, 11 studies were found to meet the eligibility criteria. In the ARISTOTLE study, lower total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios were found in the SRP group compared to the CB group (p = 0.019 and p = 0.008). The meta-analysis of clinical trials revealed that peanut consumption is associated with a decrease in triglycerides (MD: -0.13; 95% CI, -0.20 to -0.07; p < 0.0001) and that healthy consumers had lower total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios compared to the control groups (MD: -0.40; 95% CI, -0.71 to -0.09; p = 0.01 and MD: -0.19; 95% CI, -0.36 to -0.01; p = 0.03, respectively). However, individuals at high cardiometabolic risk experienced an increase in body weight after the peanut interventions (MD: 0.97; 95% CI, 0.54 to 1.41; p < 0.0001), although not in body fat or body mass index. According to the dose-response analyses, body weight increased slightly with higher doses of peanuts. In conclusion, a regular consumption of peanuts seems to modulate lipid metabolism, reducing triglyceride blood levels. Systematic Review Registration: https://osf.io/jx34y/, identifier: 10.17605/OSF.IO/ MK35Y.
Beneficial effects of cocoa on lipid peroxidation and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients and investigation of probable interactions of cocoa active ingredients with prostaglandin synthase-2 (PTGS-2/COX-2) using virtual analysis; Background and aim: Altered glucose metabolism, oxidative stress, lipid levels and inflammatory markers are important risk factors in diabetes, cardiovascular, and many other diseases. Cocoa has been shown to exert antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. The aim of this study is twofold: to assess the effect of Cocoa on the lipid profile and peroxidation in addition to the inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients, and to represent a virtual model of probable action mechanism of observed clinical effects of Cocoa consumption using in silico analysis and bioinformatics data. Methods: One hundred subjects with type 2 diabetes were included in a randomized clinical control trial. Fifty treatment subjects received 10 grams cocoa powder and 10 grams milk powder dissolved in 250 ml of boiling water, and the other fifty control subjects received only 10 grams milk powder dissolved in 250 ml boiling water. Both groups were on the mentioned regimen twice daily for 6 weeks. Blood samples were obtained prior to Cocoa consumption and 6 weeks after intervention. Serum lipids and lipoproteins profile, malondialdehyde and inflammatory markers including tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and high sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) were measured. For statistical analysis two independent and paired samples t-test and linear regression were used. Bioinformatics and virtual analysis were performed using string data base and Molegro virtual software. Results: Cocoa consumption lowered blood cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-cholesterol, and TNF-a, hs-CRP, IL-6 significantly (P < 0.01). The results showed that the levels of HDL-cholesterol decreased significantly (P < 0.05) but Cocoa inhibited lipid peroxidation in treatment group than control group ( P < 0.0001). Virtual analysis showed that the most frequent Cocoa ingredients, (+)-Catechin and (-)-Epicatechin, can dock to the enzyme COX-2. Conclusion: These data support the beneficial effect of Cocoa on the lipid peroxidation prevention and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients. Cocoa ingredients block the Cox-2 activation and reduce inflammatory prostanoids synthesis according to virtual analysis.
Insulin-like growth factor I, binding proteins-1 and-3, risk of type 2 diabetes and macronutrient intakes in men; The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) axis may be involved in the development of type 2 diabetes. We examined the associations of IGF-I and IGF binding proteins (IGFBP)-1 and -3 with diabetes risk and evaluated macronutrient intakes related to the observed associations. In a nested case-control study of the Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study of Finnish male smokers aged 50-69 years, the IGF variables were measured from baseline serum samples for a random sample of 310 men with diabetes diagnosed during a 12-year follow-up and for 310 controls matched by age, recruitment day and intervention group. Diet at baseline was assessed using a validated FFQ. The associations of IGF proteins with diabetes risk were estimated using conditional logistic regression and the associations with macronutrient intakes using linear regression. IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were not associated with the incidence of diabetes. Higher IGFBP-1 was associated with lower diabetes risk in an unadjusted crude model (OR 0.25; 95% CI 0.15, 0.42 in the highest quartile compared with the lowest), but not after adjustment for BMI (corresponding OR 0.76; 95% CI 0.41, 1.40). Intakes of carbohydrates, plant protein and milk protein associated positively and intake of meat protein and fat negatively with IGFBP-1 (P < 0.005). IGFBP-1 was inversely associated with diabetes risk, but the association was substantially dependent on BMI. The associations between macronutrient intakes and IGFBP-1 may reflect influences of nutrients or foods on insulin concentrations.
The Effects of Foods on Blood Lipids in Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD)-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with dyslipidemia and increased cardiovascular disease risk. Dietary choices may produce profound effects on blood lipids. Thus, the purpose of this study was to investigate which foods modify blood lipids in NAFLD. Methods: Systematic review of published systematic reviews and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Searches were performed in PubMed, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, from inception through March 2020. Studies in populations with NAFLD, which provided data on foods or dietary patterns and blood lipids were included, but not weight loss diets, supplements, nor individual nutrients. The strength of evidence was evaluated using The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE). Results: No relevant systematic reviews were identified. Eleven RCTs were included in the qualitative synthesis. Two RCTs were included in meta-analyses, regarding the comparison between Mediterranean and Low-fat diets, in which there were no clear effects on either high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglycerides, with Low evidence. From single RCTs, there was Moderate evidence for reduced triglycerides by a healthy dietary pattern, compared with usual care; and for reduced total cholesterol by a probiotic yogurt, enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12, compared with conventional yogurt. For all other comparisons, the evidence was considered as Low or Very low. Conclusion: Few studies were identified which reported effects of foods on blood lipids in subjects with NAFLD. The possible beneficial effect of probiotics warrants further study. PROSPERO identifier: CRD42020178927.
Effect of daily intake of yoghurt and bread enriched with biologically active substances on blood lipids and vitamin A in adolescents and young adults; Design and subjects: In this double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, 80 healthy subjects (mean age 26.3 years) were statistically assigned to two groups. Group I had to eat two special yoghurt and bread products a day. The other probands represented the control group (II). Setting: Plasma concentrations of blood parameters were measured at the beginning and at the end of the study, and dietary intake was calculated. Results: In group I, total cholesterol decreased. This was due to a significant drop of low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol from 106.0 to 99.0 mg/dl. A significant reduction of the apolipoprotein B and an increase of vitamin A in group I were also observed. Conclusion: Regular intake of specially fortified food influences parameters, especially lipids and lipoproteins.
Effects of a Dairy Supplement and Resistance Training on Lean Mass and Insulin-Like Growth Factor in Women; To examine the effect of yogurt supplementation pre- and postexercise on changes in body composition in overweight women engaged in a resistance-training program. Methods: Participants (age = 36.8 +/- 4.8 yr) with a body-mass index of 29.1 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2) were randomized to yogurt supplement (YOG; n = 15) or isoenergetic sucrose beverage (CONT; n = 14) consumed before and after exercise for 16 wk. Participants were also instructed to reduce energy intake daily (-1,046 kJ) during the study. Body composition was assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, waist circumference, and sagittal diameter. Strength was measured with 1-repetition maximum. Dietary recalls were obtained by a multipass approach using Nutrition Data System software. Insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth-factor-binding protein-3 were measured with ELISA. Results: Significant weight losses of 2.6 +/- 4.5 kg (YOG) and 1.2 +/- 2.5 kg (CONT) were observed. Total lean weight increased significantly over time in both YOG (0.8 +/- 1.2 kg) and CONT (1.1 +/- 0.9 kg). Significant reductions in total fat (YOG = 3.4 +/- 4.1 kg vs. CONT = 2.3 +/- 2.4 kg) were observed over time. Waist circumference, sagittal diameter, and trunk fat decreased significantly over time without group differences. Both groups significantly decreased energy intake while maintaining protein intake. Strength significantly increased over time in both groups. No changes over time or between groups were observed in hormone levels. Conclusions: These data suggest that yogurt supplementation offered no added benefit for increasing lean mass when combined with resistance training and modest energy restriction.
Biochemical Comparison of Preterm and Term Newborn's Mother's Milk; Introduction: Human milk is an optimal nutritional source which is accepted all over the World. Especially, positive effects of nourishing preterm newborn with breast feeding on several health problems (necrotizing enterocolitis etc.) have been demonstrated with various studies. Purpose: In this study, we purposed to compare preterm and term newborn mothers' breast milk samples in biochemical aspect and to stabilize routine parameters in different days of lactation. Materials and methods: Accordingly, breast milk samples were collected from randomly selected 58 mothers at 3, 7, and 28th day of lactation by electric pump between 8 a. m. and 11 a. m. before nourishing baby and only one breast. Total protein, albumin, triglyceride, total cholesterol, iron, iron binding capacity, magnesium and phosphor were measured from these samples with enzymatic colorimetric method. Results: Variety of total protein, albumin, triglyceride, total cholesterol, iron, magnesium, levels and iron binding capacity were evaluated significantly in breast milk samples at 3, 7, and 28th day of lactation. Conclusions: Consequently, it is evaluated that the human milk composition is conspicuously affected by gestational age and lactation. As distinct from the other parameters, it is evaluated that the high cholesterol level in preterm group milk samples may play an important role for neonatal rapid maturation.
Whey protein supplementation reducing fasting levels of anandamide and 2-AG without weight loss in pre-menopausal women with obesity on a weight-loss diet; Background: Despite the importance of dairy proteins in modifying of metabolic abnormalities, no attention has been given to their effects on endocannabinoids. Methods: A total number of 60 obese women were recruited in a 2-month randomized clinical trial. Following random allocation, they were assigned to one of the two groups: control (n = 30) and intervention (n = 30). Then, all the subjects followed a hypocaloric diet of 800 kcal below estimated energy needs. The intervention group received isocaloric weight-loss diet and whey protein powders (30 g/day). Baseline and 2-month fasting anthropometric, blood glucose, serum insulin, insulin resistance, lipid profile, AEA, and 2-AG were measured. Results: The study groups were homogenous in terms of baseline characteristics (p > 0.05) except for MUFA intake (p = 0.021). There were no significant differences in energy and macronutrient intakes in the intervention group compared to the control group at the end of the study (p > 0.05). The results of the ANCOVA did not show significant reductions in body weight and BMI of the intervention group compared to the control group (p > 0.05); however, WC, body fat, FBS, AEA, 2-AG, total cholesterol, and triglyceride decreased and HDL-c significantly increased in the intervention group compared to the control group (p < 0.05). Conclusions: In this study, the effects of simultaneous weight-loss diet and whey protein supplementation on the reduction of endocannabinoids were determined.
Effect of low-fat, fermented milk enriched with plant sterols on serum lipid profile and oxidative stress in moderate hypercholesterolemia; Background: Plant sterol (PS)-enriched foods have been shown to reduce plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations. In most studies, however, PSs were incorporated into food products of high fat content. Objective: We examined the effect of daily consumption of PS-supplemented low-fat fermented milk (FM) on the plasma lipid profile and on systemic oxidative stress in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Design: Hypercholesterolemic subjects (LDL-cholesterot concentrations >= 130 and <= 190 mg/dL; n = 194) consumed 2 low-fat portions of FM in the same meal daily for 6 wk. Subjects were randomly assigned to 2 groups: low-fat FM enriched with 0.8 g PS ester per portion or control FM. Plasma concentrations of lipids, oxidized LDL, beta-carotene, beta-sitosterol, campesterol, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were measured during the trial. Results: Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations were reduced by 9.5% and 7.8% after 3 and 6 wk, respectively, in the 1.6-g/d PS group compared with the control group, whereas plasma triacylglycerol and HDL-cholesterol concentrations were not significantly affected. In addition, there were no significant changes in serum beta-carotene on normalization to LDL cholesterol during the study period in both groups, whereas plasma concentrations of oxidized LDL were reduced significantly in the PS group compared with the control group (-1.73 compared with 1.40 U/L, respectively; P < 0.05). Plasma sitosterol concentrations were increased by 35% (P < 0.001 compared with control); however, campesterol concentrations did not change during the study period. Conclusion: Daily consumption of 1.6 g PS in low-fat FM efficiently lowers LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia without deleterious effects on biomarkers of oxidative stress.
Is the Indian Dietary Pattern Associated WithType 2 Diabetes? A Pan-India Randomized Cluster Sample Study; Background: Diabetes is associated strongly with many neurodegenerative diseases and is also a lifestyle disorder. A good glycemic status depends on diet management and physical activity. There are several studies available on the relationship between diet habits and impact on diabetes. Purpose: The objective of this study was to check the association of different dietary factors with glucose levels and lipid values in type 2 diabetes from a part of a large nationwide trial. Methods: This was the data fromapan-India multicentered cluster randomized controlled study covering 60 states and 4 union territories; 17,285 individuals were surveyed for dietary factors. Amongst them, data of 12,500 individuals were analyzed.Males were 54% and 60% individuals were from urban areas. Results: The analysis of the results showed that consumption (usual/often) of milk(odds ratio, OR = 7.180), meat (OR = 6.81), less fiber (OR = 17.77), and less fruits (OR = 14.71) was strongly and positively associated with fasting blood glucose (P<.001). The postprandial blood glucose (PPBG) in diabetes individuals also had a strong positive association (P<.001) with consumption (usual/often) of meat (OR = 22.82) and milk (OR = 17.19). In prediabetes individuals, milk was significantly (P<.001) associated with fasting blood glucose (OR = 2.74). In nondiabetes individuals also, milk was significantly associated with postprandial blood glucose (OR = 2.56). Consumption of meat was associated with high cholesterol (OR = 1.465). Consumption of junk food was associated significantly (P )with the status of known diabetes (OR = 1.345) and known hypertension (OR = 1.247). Conclusion: Consumption of milk, meat, less vegetables, less fruits, and junk food has a significant effect on the glycemic status and cholesterol levels, and also on the status of known diabetes and hypertension.
Nuts: Natural Pleiotropic Nutraceuticals; Common nuts (tree nuts and peanuts) are energy-dense foods that nature has gifted with a complex matrix of beneficial nutrients and bioactives, including monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, high-quality protein, fiber, non-sodium minerals, tocopherols, phytosterols, and antioxidant phenolics. These nut components synergize to favorably influence metabolic and vascular physiology pathways, ameliorate cardiovascular risk factors and improve cardiovascular prognosis. There is increasing evidence that nuts positively impact myriad other health outcomes as well. Nut consumption is correlated with lower cancer incidence and cancer mortality, and decreased all-cause mortality. Favorable effects on cognitive function and depression have also been reported. Randomized controlled trials consistently show nuts have a cholesterol-lowering effect. Nut consumption also confers modest improvements on glycemic control, blood pressure (BP), endothelial function, and inflammation. Although nuts are energy-dense foods, they do not predispose to obesity, and in fact may even help in weight loss. Tree nuts and peanuts, but not peanut butter, generally produce similar positive effects on outcomes. First level evidence from the PREDIMED trial shows that, in the context of a Mediterranean diet, consumption of 30 g/d of nuts (walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts) significantly lowered the risk of a composite endpoint of major adverse cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, and death from cardiovascular disease) by approximate to 30% after intervention for 5 y. Impressively, the nut-supplemented diet reduced stroke risk by 45%. As they are rich in salutary bioactive compounds and beneficially impact various health outcomes, nuts can be considered natural pleiotropic nutraceuticals.
Soy compared with milk protein in a Western diet changes fecal microbiota and decreases hepatic steatosis in obese OLETF rats; Soy protein is effective at preventing hepatic steatosis; however, the mechanisms are poorly understood. We tested the hypothesis that soy vs. dairy protein based diet would alter microbiota and attenuate hepatic steatosis in hyperphagic Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima fatty (OLETF) rats. Male OLETF rats were randomized to "Western" diets containing milk protein isolate (MPI), soy protein isolate (SPI) or 50:50 MPI/SPI (MS) (n=9-10/group; 21% kcal protein) for 16 weeks. SPI attenuated (P <.05) fat mass and percent fat by similar to 10% compared with MS, but not compared with MPI. Serum thiobarbituric acid reactive substance and total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were lower (P<.05) with dietary SPI vs. MPI and MS. Histological hepatic steatosis was lower (P<.05) in SPI compared with MPI or MS. Lipidomic analyses revealed reductions (P<.05) in hepatic diacylglycerols but not triacylglycerols in SPI compared with MPI, which was associated with lower hepatic de novo lipogenesis (ACC, FAS and SCD-1 protein content, and hepatic 16:1 n-7 and 18:1 n-7 PUFA concentrations) (P<.05) compared with MPI and MS; however, MPI displayed elevated hepatic mitochondrial function compared with SPI and MS. Fecal bacterial 16S rRNA analysis revealed SPI-intake elicited increases (P<.05) in Lactobacillus and decreases (P<.05) in Blautia and Lachnospiraceae suggesting decreases in fecal secondary bile acids in SPI rats. SPI and MS exhibited greater (P<.05) hepatic Fxr, Fgfr4, Hnf4a, HmgCoA reductase and synthase mRNA expression compared with MPI. Overall, dietary SPI compared with MPI decreased hepatic steatosis and diacylglycerols, changed microbiota populations and altered bile acid signaling and cholesterol homeostasis in a rodent model of obesity. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary Proteins and Atherosclerosis; More than one hundred years ago the "protein hypothesis" of the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and its association with cardiovascular disease was put forward on the basis of animal experiments; however, it has so far never been verified in humans. This theory was soon replaced by the "lipid hypothesis", which was confirmed in humans as of 1994. Epidemiological ecological studies in the 1960 s showed significant associations between dietary animal protein and mortality from cardiovascular disease. However, animal protein intake was also significantly correlated with saturated fatty acid and cholesterol intake. In the last decades two prospective cohort studies demonstrated a decreased cardiovascular risk in women during high- versus low-protein intake when adjusting for other dietary factors (e. g., saturated fats) and other cardiovascular risk factors. A direct cholesterol lowering effect of proteins has not been shown. Despite earlier research indicating that soy protein has cardioprotective effects as compared to other proteins, these observations have not been confirmed by randomized placebo-controlled trials. However, most experts recommend the consumption of foods rich in plant proteins as alternatives to meat and dairy products rich in saturated fat and containing cholesterol. There are no scientific arguments to increase the daily protein intake to more than 20 % of total energy intake as recommended by the guidelines, in order to improve cardiovascular health.
Effects of fat and rumen-protected methionine supplementation on production response of first-lactation cows; To determine whether supplementation of rumen-protected methionine (RPM) and fat, from 0 to 150 days in milk, improves milk production, milk quality, and energy balance (EB), in a completely randomized design, 32 first-lactation cows fed diets with 0 or 3.5% added fat and 0 or 0.15% added RPM. Fat, RPM, and fat plus RPM increased milk yield. Supplemental RPM increased milk protein (%) and decreased milk fat (%). Fat, RPM, and fat plus RPM increased (kg) milk fat, milk protein, and milk lactose. Cows fed fat and RPM alone had greater negative EB values than cows non-supplemented. Cows fed fat plus RPM had similar EB to cows non-supplemented. Supplemental RPM induced higher plasma glucose and lower urea-N. Fat induced higher plasma cholesterol. In conclusion, supplemental fat or RPM, and fat plus RPM increased milk production, but fat plus RPM enhanced EB as compared to fat or RPM alone.
Nutritional variation and cardiovascular risk factors in Tanzania - rural-urban difference; Objective. To assess the relationship between dietary factors and cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors in middle-aged men and women, in urban, rural and pastoral settings in Tanzania. Design. Cross-sectional epidemiological study designed according to the protocol of the World Health Organisation (WHO) Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) study. Setting. Three centres in Tanzania, namely Dar es Salaam (urban), Handeni (rural) and Monduli (pastoral population). Subjects. The subjects, aged 47-57 years, were recruited randomly from administrative, lists available from each centre. Outcome measures. Blood pressure (BP) was measured using a centrally calibrated automatic BP machine (Khi machine). Dietary history of the participants was obtained using a standard questionnaire designed on the basis of a seven-day recall system. Height, weight, serum total cholesterol (TC) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), haemoglobin A(1c) sodium, potassium and magnesium were measured. Results. The prevalence of hypertension (BP greater than or equal to 140/90 mmHg or antihypertensive drug use), obesity (body mass index (BMI) greater than or equal to 30 kg/m(2)) and hypercholesterolaemia (TC > 5.2 mmol/l) were lowest in the rural area. Consumption of green vegetables, milk, coconut milk, meat, and fish varied significantly between the three areas. Important determinants for BP among men were BMI (p < 0.001), and salt intake (p < 0.05). Among women, TC (p < 0.05), age (p < 0.05), BMI (p < 0.001) and coconut milk consumption (p < 0.001) were important BP determinants. Salt intake was positively associated with systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) in men but not among women (both SBP and DBP p < 0.05 respectively) Dietary determinants of serum TC were meat, fish and green vegetable consumption. Conclusion. Differences in dietary habits contributed significantly to the urban-rural-pastoral variations in CVD risk pattern in Tanzania.
<i>Prevotella</i>-to-<i>Bacteroides</i> ratio predicts body weight and fat loss success on 24-week diets varying in macronutrient composition and dietary fiber: results from a post-hoc analysis; Background/objectives Individuals with high pre-treatment bacterial Prevotella-to-Bacteroides (P/B) ratio have been reported to lose more body weight on diets high in fiber than subjects with a low P/B ratio. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to examine potential differences in dietary weight loss responses between participants with low and high P/B. Subjects/methods Eighty overweight participants were randomized (52 completed) to a 500 kcal/d energy deficit diet with a macronutrient composition of 30 energy percentage (E%) fat, 52 E% carbohydrate and 18 E% protein either high (approximate to 1500 mg calcium/day) or low (<= 600 mg calcium/day) in dairy products for 24 weeks. Body weight, body fat, and dietary intake (by 7-day dietary records) were determined. Individuals were dichotomized according to their pre-treatment P/B ratio derived from 16S rRNA gene sequencing of collected fecal samples to test the potential modification of dietary effects using linear mixed models. Results Independent of the randomized diets, individuals with high P/B lost 3.8 kg (95% CI, 1.8,5.8; P < 0.001) more body weight and 3.8 kg (95% CI, 1.1, 6.5; P - 0.005) more body fat compared to individuals with low P/B. After adjustment for multiple covariates, individuals with high P/B ratio lost 8.3 kg (95% CI, 5.8; 10.9, P < 0.001) more body weight when consuming above compared to below 30 g fiber/10MJ whereas this weight loss was 3.2 kg (95% CI, 0.8; 5.5, P = 0.008) among individuals with low P/B ratio [Mean difference: 5.1 kg (95% CI, 1.7; 8.6, P = 0.003)]. Partial correlation coefficients between fiber intake and weight change was 0.90 (P < 0.001) among individuals with high P/B ratio and 0.25 (P = 0.29) among individuals with low P/B ratio. Conclusions Individuals with high P/B lost more body weight and body fat compared to individuals with low P/B, confirming that individuals with a high P/B are more susceptible to weight loss on a diet rich in fiber.
Effect of hydrogenated and saturated, relative to polyunsaturated, fat on immune and inflammatory responses of adults with moderate hypercholesterolemia; Consumption of diets high in hydrogenated fat/ trans fatty acids has been shown to have an adverse affect on lipoprotein profiles with respect to cardiovascular disease risk. Dietary fat and cholesterol play an important role in the regulation of immune and inflammatory responses shown to be involved in atherogenesis. We investigated the effects of diets containing hydrogenated fat on cellular immune response and production of inflammatory cytokines in human subjects with moderately elevated cholesterol levels (LDL cholesterol >130 mg/dl). In a double blind crossover study, 19 subjects consumed three diets, 30% of calories as fat, of which two thirds were provided as soybean oil, soybean oil-based stick margarine, or butter for 32 days, each in a randomized order. Production of proinflammatory mediators, prostaglandin (PG) E-2, interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha); delayed type hypersensitivity (DTH) response, in vitro lymphocyte proliferation, and production of IL-2 were determined. Production of IL-6 and TNF-alpha was significantly higher after consumption of stick margarine diet compared with soybean oil diet. IL-1beta and TNF-alpha production correlated positively with ratios of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol (r = 0.499, P < 0.00 1 and r = 0.29 1, P = 0.04, respectively). There was no significant difference in DTH response, lymphocyte proliferation, or levels of IL-2 and PGE(2) produced among three groups. Our results indicate that consumption of a diet high in hydrogenated fat does not adversely affect cellular immunity but increases production of inflammatory cytokines that have been associated with the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis.
Nutrient digestion, microbial protein synthesis, and blood metabolites of Jersey heifers fed chitosan and whole raw soybeans; This study was undertaken to determine the effects of chitosan and whole raw soybean on nutrient intake and total tract digestion, nitrogen utilization, microbial protein synthesis, blood metabolites, and energy balance of dairy heifers. Twelve Jersey heifers (6 +/- 0.5 months of age and 139.50 +/- 25.56 kg of live weight; mean +/- standard deviation) were randomly assigned to a replicated Latin square design with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement. The experimental period consisted of 14 days of adaptation to diets, six days of sampling, and five days of washout. The experimental diets were: control (CO); chitosan (CHI, inclusion of 2.0 g kg(-1) DM of chitosan); whole raw soybean (WS, 163.0 g kg(-1) of WS on diet DM basis); and chitosan + whole raw soybean (CHI+WS). Chitosan decreased dry matter and neutral detergent fiber intakes; however, CHI increased DM total tract digestion. An interaction effect was observed on retained nitrogen, which increased when animals were fed CHI+WS compared with CO or CHI, but did not differ from that of animals fed WS. Chitosan decreased microbial nitrogen and crude protein flow of heifers. Energy balance was improved when heifers received diets containing WS. Efficiency of energy utilization was not affected by experimental diets. An interaction effect was observed for blood high-density lipoprotein (HDL) concentration, which increased with both dietary inclusion of CHI and WS compared with the other diets, and CHI provided the lowest value of HDL cholesterol. Chitosan and whole raw soybean do not alter nutrient intake and total tract digestion; however, they decrease nitrogen urinary excretion and increase blood HDL cholesterol of heifers.
Effect of flaxseed oil supplementation on anthropometric and metabolic indices in patients with coronary artery disease: A double-blinded randomized controlled trial; Introduction: It has been established that omega 3 fatty acids have cardio-protective effects through modulation of cardiometabolic risk factors via multiple mechanisms. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of flaxseed oil on anthropometric indices and lipid profile in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was performed in 44 patients with CAD. The subjects were randomly assigned to receive either 200 ml of 1.5% fat milk supplemented by 5 g of flaxseed oil (containing 2.5 g alpha-Linolenic acid) as intervention or 200 ml of 1.5% fat milk as placebo group for 10 consecutive weeks. Anthropometric indices and lipid profile were assessed at baseline and post-intervention. Results: The results indicated that supplementation with flaxseed oil had no impact on anthropometric indices. Weight, body mass index, waist circumference and hip circumference decreased statistically significant within groups, but not between groups. At the end of the intervention, diastolic blood pressure (DBP) decreased significantly (P = 0.022) in the intervention group. Moreover, the triglyceride (TG) level decreased significantly in the intervention group from 173.45 (49.09) to 139.33 (34.26) (P < 0.001). Other lipid profile indices including total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein did not differ significantly within and between groups. Conclusion: We observed that supplementation of flaxseed oil improved TG and DBP but had no effect on other lipid profiles and anthropometric indices in patients with CAD.
Kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial; Controversy exists regarding whether increasing dairy intake without energy restriction would lead to weight loss. We aimed to compare the potential weight-reducing effects of kefir drink (a probiotic dairy product) and milk in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. One hundred and forty-four subjects were assessed for eligibility in this single-center, multi-arm, parallel-group, randomized controlled trial. Of these, seventy-five eligible women aged 25-45 years were randomly assigned to three groups, labeled as control, milk, and kefir, to receive an outpatient dietary regimen for 8 weeks. Subjects in the control group received a diet providing a maintenance level of energy intake, containing 2 servings/day of low-fat dairy products, while those in the milk and kefir groups received a weight maintenance diet, containing 2 additional servings/day (a total of 4 servings/day) of dairy products from low-fat milk or commercial kefir drink, respectively. Anthropometric outcomes including weight, body mass index (BMI), and waist circumference (WC) were measured every 2 weeks. Fifty-eight subjects completed the study. Using analysis of covariance models in the intention-to-treat population (n = 75), we found that at 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir and milk groups had significantly greater reductions in weight, BMI, and WC compared to those in the control group (all p < 0.01). However, no such significant differences were found between the kefir and milk groups. Kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. However, further studies are warranted.
Effects of peanut processing on body weight and fasting plasma lipids; Peanuts and peanut butter are commonly consumed as a snack, meal component and ingredient in various commercial products. Their consumption is associated with reduced CVD risk and they pose little threat to positive energy balance. However, questions have arisen as to whether product form (e.g. whole nut v. butter) and processing properties (e.g. roasting and adding flavours) may compromise their positive health effects. The present study investigated the effects of peanut form and processing on two CVD risk factors: fasting plasma lipids and body weight. One hundred and eighteen adults (forty-seven males and seventy-one females; age 29.2 (SD 8.4) years; BMI 30.0 (SD 4.5) kg/m(2)) from Brazil. Ghana and the United States were randomised to consume 56g of raw unsalted (n 23), roasted unsalted (n 24), roasted salted (n 23) or honey roasted (n 24) peanuts, or peanut butter (a 24) daily for 4 weeks. Peanut form and processing did not differentially affect body weight or fasting plasma lipid responses in the total sample. However, HDL-cholesterol increased significantly at the group level, and total cholesterol. LDL-cholesterol and TAG concentrations decreased significantly in individuals classified as having elevated fasting plasma lipids compared with those with normal fasting plasma lipids. These observations suggest that the processing attributes assessed in this trial do not compromise the lipid-lowering effects of peanuts, and do not negatively impact body weight. Further studies are warranted to determine the effects of form and processing on other health risk factors.
Epidemiology of risk factors and symptoms associated with menopause in Spanish women; Objectives: (1) To assess the prevalence of risk factors for osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease and the prevalence and severity of the appearance of menopausal symptoms among Spanish menopausal women. (2) To identify the main factors responsible for this severity. (3) To detect symptom differences between perimenopausal and postmenopausal women. Methods: Cross-sectional descriptive study encompassing women aged 45-65 years in the whole Spanish territory. The study population sample was collected through random sampling. A total of 10,514 women were included. The sociodemographic, medical history and lifestyle data were assessed by means of a survey. The Kupperman scale was used to assess the severity of menopausal symptoms. Results: The prevalence of risk factors for osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease were 67.6% and 74.8%, respectively. The most common risk factors were physical inactivity (53.6%), obesity (44.3%), arterial hypertension (36.6%), hypercholesterolemia (31.4%), low calcium intake (30.1%) and smoking (28.7%). The predominant symptoms experienced by menopausal women were hot flushes (51.4%), insomnia (45.7%) and irritability (42.2%). These were severe in 3.3% of the sample, moderate in 27.3%, mild in 24.6% while 44.8% had no symptoms. The prevalence of joint pain (40.1%) and depressive mood (40%) was higher in perimenopausal than in postmenopausal women. Logistic regression analysis showed that there were differences for age, BMI, smoking, social class and poor consumption of dairy products in the severity of menopausal symptoms. Conclusions: A high prevalence of risk factors for osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease was observed in our study. The main factors contributing to more severe menopausal symptoms were age, BMI, smoking social class and poor consumption of dairy products. In general, postmenopausal women presented significantly higher rates of menopausal symptoms when compared to perimenopausal women. (c) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of intravenous arginine infusion on inflammation and metabolic indices of dairy cows in early lactation; Enhancing the supply of arginine (Arg), a semi-essential amino acid, has positive effects on immune function in dairy cattle experiencing metabolic stress during early lactation. Our objective was to determine the effects of Arg supplementation on biomarkers of liver damage and inflammation in cows during early lactation. Six Chinese Holstein lactating cows with similar BW (508 +/- 14 kg), body condition score (3.0), parity (4.0 +/- 0), milk yield (30.6 +/- 1.8 kg) and days in milk (20 +/- days) were randomly assigned to three treatments in a replicated 3 x 3 Latin square design balanced for carryover effects. Each period was 21 days with 7 days for infusion and 14 days for washout. Treatments were (1) Control: saline; (2) Arg group: saline + 0.216 mol/day l-Arg; and (3) Alanine (Ala) group: saline + 0.868 mol/day l-Ala (iso-nitrogenous to the Arg group). Blood and milk samples from the experimental cows were collected on the last day of each infusion period and analyzed for indices of liver damage and inflammation, and the count and composition of somatic cells in milk. Compared with the Control, the infusion of Arg led to greater concentrations of total protein, immunoglobulin M and high density lipoprotein cholesterol coupled with lower concentrations of haptoglobin and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and activity of aspartate aminotransferase in serum. Infusion of Ala had no effect on those biomarkers compared with the Control. Although milk somatic cell count was not affected, the concentration of granulocytes was lower in response to Arg infusion compared with the Control or Ala group. Overall, the biomarker analyses indicated that the supplementation of Arg via the jugular vein during early lactation alleviated inflammation and metabolic stress.
Effects of soy protein isolate and moderate exercise on bone turnover and bone mineral density in postmenopausal women; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the independent and additive effects of soy protein isolate (SPI) and moderate-intensity exercise (EX) on bone turnover and bone mineral density (BMD). Design: This study used a placebo-controlled, double-blind (soy), randomized 2 (SPI vs milk protein isolate [MPI]) x 2 (EX vs no EX) design. Sixty-one postmenopausal women were randomized, and 43 (62 +/- 5 y) completed the 9-month intervention (SPI, n = 10; MPI, n = 12; SPI + EX, n = 11; MPI + EX, n = 10). Serum C-terminal crosslinked telopeptides of type I collagen and serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase were measured as markers of bone resorption and formation, respectively. BMD was measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Results: At 9 months, SPI reduced serum C-terminal cross-linked telopeptides (-13.3% +/- 15.3% vs -1.5% 21.0%; P = 0.02) and serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (-4.7% +/- 14.7% vs 6.5% +/- 17.7%; P = 0.02) compared to milk protein isolate. EX attenuated the reduction in serum C-terminal cross-linked telopeptides (-1.9% +/- 21.6% vs -12.4% +/- 15.3%; P = 0.04); however, no EX effects were apparent in serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase at 9 months (2.8% +/- 16.1 % vs -1.0% +/- 18.3%; P = 0.28). Neither SPI nor EX affected BMD at any site; however, change in BMD was related to change in fat mass (r = 0.40, P < 0.05). Conclusions: In postmenopausal women (1) SPI reduces bone turnover with no impact on BMD over 9 months; (2) moderate-intensity endurance exercise training did not favorably alter bone turnover and had no impact on BMD; and (3) there were no additive effects of soy and exercise on bone turnover or BMD.
Effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Eating Plan on the Metabolic Side Effects of Corticosteroid Medications; Objective: We aimed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on the metabolic side effects of corticosteroid medication use. Design: A randomized clinical trial was undertaken in 60 patients on corticosteroid therapy for 10 weeks. Patients were randomly assigned to a DASH or control diet. Carbohydrate, protein, and fat in both groups were 50-60%, 15-20%, 30%, respectively. DASH diet was a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and low in total and saturated fat and cholesterol, refined grains, and also sweets. Fasting blood samples were collected to determine blood glucose and lipid profile. Blood pressure and anthropometric measurements were measured based on the standard guidelines. Results: The mean age and body mass index (BMI) were 31.1 +/- 3.6 year and 26.9 +/- 2.6 kg/m(2), respectively. There were no significant differences between age and BMI in two groups at baseline. No significant difference was observed in body weight and waist circumference following the DASH diet compared to control diet. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures were significantly different following the DASH eating pattern (P = 0.04). Serum total cholesterol and fasting blood glucose significantly decreased in those following the DASH diet after adjustment for potential confounders. Conclusion: The DASH diet had beneficial effects on several metabolic side effects among patients using corticosteroid medications.
Effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and risk of developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer: a systematic review; The effects of both the amount and quality of dietary fat have been studied intensively during the past decades. Previously, low-fat diets were recommended without much attention to the quality of fat, whereas there is general emphasis on the quality of fat in current guidelines. The objective of this systematic review (SR) was to assess the evidence of an effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on body weight (BW), risk factors, and risk of non-communicable diseases, that is, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and cancer in healthy subjects or subjects at risk for these diseases. This work was performed in the process of updating the fourth edition of the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations from 2004. The literature search was performed in October 2010 covering articles published since January 2000. A complementary search was done in February 2012 covering literature until December 2011. Two authors independently selected articles for inclusion from a total of about 16,000 abstracts according to predefined criteria. Randomized controlled trials (RCT) and prospective cohort studies (PCS) were included as well as nested case control studies. A few retrospective case control studies were also included when limited or no data were available from other study types. Altogether 607 articles were quality graded and the observed effects in these papers were summarized. Convincing evidence was found that partial replacement of saturated fat (SFA) with polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) or monounsaturated fat (MUFA) lowers fasting serum/plasma total and LDL cholesterol concentrations. The evidence was probable for a decreasing effect of fish oil on concentration of serum/plasma total triglycerides as compared with MUFA. Beneficial effect of MUFA both on insulin sensitivity and fasting plasma/serum insulin concentration was considered as probable in comparisons of MUFA and carbohydrates versus SFA, whereas no effect was found on fasting glucose concentration in these comparisons. There was probable evidence for a moderate direct association between total fat intake and BW. Furthermore, there was convincing evidence that partial replacement of SFA with PUFA decreases the risk of CVD, especially in men. This finding was supported by an association with biomarkers of PUFA intake; the evidence of a beneficial effect of dietary total PUFA, n-6 PUFA, and linoleic acid (LA) on CVD mortality was limited suggestive. Evidence for a direct association between total fat intake and risk of T2DM was inconclusive, whereas there was limited-suggestive evidence from biomarker studies that LA is inversely associated with the risk of T2DM. However, there was limited-suggestive evidence in biomarker studies that odd-chain SFA found in milk fat and fish may be inversely related to T2DM, but these associations have not been supported by controlled studies. The evidence for an association between dietary n-3 PUFA and T2DM was inconclusive. Evidence for effects of fat on major types of cancer was inconclusive regarding both the amount and quality of dietary fat, except for prostate cancer where there was limited-suggestive evidence for an inverse association with intake of ALA and for ovarian cancer for which there was limited-suggestive evidence for a positive association with intake of SFA. This SR reviewed a large number of studies focusing on several different health outcomes. The time period covered by the search may not have allowed obtaining the full picture of the evidence in all areas covered by this SR. However, several SRs and meta-analyses that covered studies published before year 2000 were evaluated, which adds confidence to the results. Many of the investigated questions remain unresolved, mainly because of few studies on certain outcomes, conflicting results from studies, and lack of high quality-controlled studies. There is thus an evident need of highly controlled RCT and PCS with sufficient number of subjects and long enough duration, specifically regarding the effects of the amount and quality of dietary fat on insulin sensitivity, T2DM, low-grade inflammation, and blood pressure. New metabolic and other potential risk markers and utilization of new methodology in the area of lipid metabolism may provide new insight.
Calcium salts of long chain fatty acids in Awassi ewe lambs' diet: Effects on nutrient intake, digestibility, and blood metabolites; Objective was to improve the growth of ewe lambs so that they could be mated in their first year. Twenty-four Awassi ewe lambs were randomly assigned to one of three treatments. Treatments were: no Ca-LCFA (CON; the basal diet), basal diet+50 g/ewe day (50Ca-LCFA) or basal diet+100 g/ewe day (100Ca-LCFA) calcium salts of long chain fatty acids (Ca-LCFA). Nutrient intakes were similar (P > 0.05) among groups except for the ether extract (EE) and metabolizable energy (ME). Intake of EE was greater (P < 0.05) for ewes fed the 50Ca-LCFA and 100Ca-LCFA diets compared to the CON group and was greater (P < 0.05) for the 100Ca-LCFA group compared to the 50Ca-LCFA group. Intake of ME was greater (P < 0.05) for ewes fed 100Ca-LCFA than ewes fed CON and 50Ca-LCFA diets. Digestibility of dry matter tended (P <0.06) to be greater for ewes fed the 100Ca-LCFA diet than to those fed the CON diet. Organic matter digestibility was greater (P < 0.05) for the 100Ca-LCFA group than the CON group. Digestibility of neutral detergent fiber was greater (P < 0.05) for ewes fed the 100Ca-LCFA than the CON group. Digestibility of acid detergent fiber was greater (P < 0.05) for the 100Ca-LCFA group than the CON group. Digestibility of EE was greater (P < 0.05) for ewe fed diets containing Ca-LCFA compared to the CON group. Average daily gain was not different (P > 0.97) among groups. Calcium concentrations were the highest (P < 0.05) for the 50Ca-LCFA group. Serum concentrations of cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) were greater (P < 0.05) in ewes fed Ca-LCFA than CON group. Results indicate that supplementation of Ca-LCFA did not improve the growth performance of replacement Awassi ewe lambs while it improved nutrients digestibility and increased serum concentrations of cholesterol and HDL (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of calcium supplementation on body weight reduction in overweight calcium stone formers; A randomized, placebo-controlled trial was conducted in overweight calcium stone-forming (CSF) patients, to evaluate the effect of calcium supplementation associated with a calorie-restricted diet on body weight (BW) and fat reduction and its potential changes upon serum and urinary parameters. Fifteen patients were placed on a hypocaloric diet for 3 months, supplemented with either calcium carbonate (CaCO3, n = 8) or placebo (n = 7), 500 mg bid. Blood and 24-h urine samples were collected and body composition was assessed at baseline and after the intervention. At the end of the study, final BW was significantly lower vs baseline in both CaCO3 (74 +/- A 14 vs. 80 +/- A 14 kg, P = 0.01) and placebo groups (80 +/- A 10 vs. 87 +/- A 9 kg, P = 0.02) but the mean percentage of loss of body weight and body fat did not differ between CaCO3 and placebo (7.0 +/- A 2.0 vs. 8.0 +/- A 3.0%, P = 0.40 and 13.0 +/- A 7.0 vs. 13.0 +/- A 10.0%; P = 0.81, respectively). After CaCO3 or placebo, no significant differences versus baseline were observed for urinary parameters in both CaCO3 and placebo, except for a higher mean urinary citrate in placebo group. These data suggest that increasing calcium intake by calcium carbonate supplementation did not contribute to a further reduction of BW and fat in overweight CSF patients submitted to a hypocaloric diet nor altered urinary lithogenic parameters.
Relation of vitamin D Supplementation, upto six months of age with Total and Bone Specifc Alkaline Phosphatase: A Randomised Control Trial; Introduction: Vitamin D deficiency is an issue of concern in the Asian population. In the light of the fact that breast milk is an inadequate source of vitamin D, supplementation becomes essential for all term healthy babies for healthy peak bone mass. However, there is a lack of guidelines and research on this issue in India. Aim: To document change in Total Alkaline Phosphatase (TALP) and Bone Specific Alkaline Phosphatase (BSALP) levels in babies receiving 400 IU/day vitamin D from zero to six months (primary objective) and change in vitamin D, PTH, calcium, phosphorus levels and anthropometry (head circumference, length, weight and mid-arm circumference) (secondary objectives). Materials and Methods: Hundred eligible babies were randomised into two groups by block randomisation using alternate sizes of block four and six and allocation concealment was done through serially numbered opaque sealed envelopes. Both groups were followed over six months at intervals of 2, 6. 10 and 14 weeks to compare the change in levels of BSALP and TALP and also vitamin D, PTH, calcium, phosphorus and anthropometry. Results: There was a statistically significant difference in levels of TALP (p<0.001) however, not in BSALP between two groups at six months (p=0.62). There was a significant rise in vitamin D levels in the supplemented group at the end of six months as compared to control group. 60% babies were vitamin D deficient (<20 ng/mL) at birth in the vitamin D group and 34% in the control group while at six months 40% babies were vitamin D deficient in the supplemented group while 76% in controls (p<0.05). No significant difference in anthropometric indices was seen between the two groups. None had vitamin D toxicity. Conclusion: Vitamin D supplementation in newborns for the initial six months led to a significant change in TALP compared to the control group. However, it did not cause a statistically significant change in BSALP. Prevalence of vitamin D deficiency was almost universal in all the mothers. More than half of the newborns delivered to these mothers were also deficient in vitamin D. Vitamin D supplementation significantly reduced the percentage of vitamin D deficient babies in the supplemented group compared to the control group at the end of six months. Vitamin D supplementation in a dose of 400 IU/day was safe and did not lead to any toxicity.
Influence of a healthy Nordic diet on serum fatty acid composition and associations with blood lipoproteins - results from the NORDIET study; Background: The fatty acid (FA) composition of serum lipids is related to the quality of dietary fat intake. Objective: To investigate the effects of a healthy Nordic diet (ND) on the FA composition of serum cholesterol esters (CE-FA) and assess the associations between changes in the serum CE-FA composition and blood lipoproteins during a controlled dietary intervention. Design: The NORDIET trial was a 6-week randomised, controlled, parallel-group dietary intervention study that included 86 adults (5398 years) with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). Serum CE-FA composition was measured using gas chromatography. Diet history interviews were conducted, and daily intake was assessed using checklists. Results: Food and nutrient intake data indicated that there was a reduction in the intake of fat from dairy and meat products and an increase in the consumption of fatty fish with the ND. The levels of saturated fatty acids in cholesterol esters (CE-SFA) 14: 0, 15: 0, and 18: 0, but not 16: 0, showed a significant decrease after intake of ND compared to the control diet (p<0.01). Also, a significant increase in serum 22: 6n - 3 was observed compared with the control diet (p<0.01). The changes in CE-SFA 14: 0, 15: 0, and 18: 0 correlated positively with changes in LDL-C, HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, ApoA1, and ApoB (p<0.01), respectively, whereas the changes in polyunsaturated fatty acids in cholesterol esters (CE-PUFA) 22: 6n - 3 were negatively correlated with changes in the corresponding serum lipids. Conclusions: The decreased intake of saturated fat and increased intake of n-3 PUFA in a healthy ND is partly reflected by changes in the serum CE-FA composition, which are associated with an improved serum lipoprotein pattern.
Milk biofortification through dietary supplementation of combined selenium, vitamin E and sunflower oil; The aim of this study was to verify the effect of selenium and vitamin E (antioxidants) and sunflower oil added to the diet of lactating cows to improve the milk nutrient profile. The trial had a completely randomized block design carried out with 32 Jersey cows distributed into four treatments: Control; Antioxidants (3.5 mg of organic selenium/ kg in dry matter (DM) + 2000 IU of vitamin E/day); Sunflower oil (SFO, 4% of sunflower oil/kg in DM); Antioxidants + SFO (3.5 mg of organic selenium/ kg in DM + 2000 IU of Vit. E /day + 4% of sunflower oil/ kg in DM, for 76 days. Antioxidants additives added to the diet of cows tended to decrease energy intake and increase selenium and vitamin E intake. SFO increased the ether extract intake and tended to decrease the protein content in milk. The selenium content in milk and serum selenium ratio was increased with the addition of antioxidants and tended to decrease with the addition of SFO. SFO increased alpha-tocopherol content in serum and tended to decrease it in milk. SFO increased cholesterol, HDL, and LDL in the serum of cows. Milk with the most desirable nutritional profile for human nutrition and health was produced by cows supplemented with antiox-idants and sunflower oil, with higher selenium and alpha-tocopherol levels compared to milk commonly pro-duced, without affecting animal productivity.
Effects of milk replacer composition on growth, body composition, and nutrient excretion in preweaned holstein heifers; Twenty-four newborn Holstein heifer calves were fed 1 of 4 milk replacers (MR): control (20% CP, 21% fat; MR fed at 441 g/d); high protein/low fat (HPLF; 28% CP, 20% fat; MR fed at 951 g/d); high protein/ high fat (HPHF; 27% CP, 28% fat; MRfed at 951 g/d); and HPHF MR fed at a higher rate (HPHF+; 27% CP, 28% fat; MR fed at 1,431 g/d). Dry calf starter (20% CP, 1.43% fat) composed of ground corn (44.4%), 48% CP soybean meal (44.4%), cottonseed hulls (11.2%), and molasses (1.0%) was offered free choice. Heifers were obtained from a commercial dairy, blocked by groups of 8 in the order acquired, and randomly assigned to treatments within group. Upon arrival at the research farm, heifers were fed the control for 2 feedings. Treatments were imposed when heifers were 4 +/- 1 d of age. Heifers were on study for 61 +/- 1 d. Body weight and body size measures were taken weekly. Four-day total collection of feed refusals, feces, and urine was initiated at 57 +/- 1 d of age. Heifers were slaughtered at the end of the collection period to evaluate body composition. Preplanned contrasts were used to compare control to all, HPLF to HPHF, and HPHF to HPHF+. Heifers fed the control diet consumed more starter than those fed other treatment diets, but their total dry matter intake and apparent dry matter digestibility were lowest. Fecal output was highest in heifers fed the control diet, whereas urine output and urine N excretion were lowest. Nitrogen intake and urine N excretion were greater for heifers fed HPHF+ compared with HPHF but were not affected by MR fat content (HPLF vs. HPHF). Retention (g/d) of N and P was greater in heifers fed all nutrient-dense diets compared with those fed the control diet, but was not improved by increasing fat in the milk replacer (HPLF vs. HPHF) or by increasing the amount fed. Addition of fat to the milk replacer (HPLF vs. HPHF) increased empty body weight fat content without improving average daily gain or frame measures. Increasing the volume fed (HPHF vs. HPHF+) increased growth rate and empty body weight, but HPHF+ heifers were neither taller nor longer and their carcasses contained more fat. Clear improvements in growth and nutrient retention were observed with more nutrient-dense diets, but most of the improvements were seen with the increased protein intake relative to the control MR; adding fat to the high protein MR did not further improve lean tissue gain.
Interaction of exopolysaccharide produced by <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> YW11 with whey proteins and functionalities of the polymer complex; Exopolysaccharide (EPS)-producing lactic acid bacteria have been widely used in fermented milk, but interaction between the EPS and milk proteins has not been well studied. In this study, interaction between the EPS from Lactobacillus plantarum YW11 (EPS-YW11) and whey proteins (WP), and functional properties of the EPS-YW11/WP were investigated. The results showed that EPS-YW11 tended to encase WP by zeta-potential analysis with a decrease in the surface charge of the protein fraction (from -26.00 mV to 15.30 mV), and an increase in the melting temperature of the protein fraction (from 76.31 degrees C to 84.48 degrees C) as shown by differential scanning calorimetry. Circular dichroism spectrometry showed that the EPS could induce structural change of WP, that is, increment in the content of alpha-helixes and random coils, There was stronger interaction between EPS-YW11 and WP at higher temperatures (60 degrees C, 90 degrees C) due to formation of intermolecular H-bonds and OH stretching vibration as indicated by infrared spectral analysis. A significant improvement in the texture (hardness, springiness, gumminess, resilience, cohesiveness, and chewiness) of the EPS-YW11/WP complex was also observed when compared to that of the EPS or WP alone. This was confirmed by microstructural observation of the EPS-YW11/WP complex that formed branched and porous structures, and it became more complex and stable with increased temperature treatment. Due to the strong interaction the EPS-YW11/WP exhibited improved functionality. This study identifies the potential of the EPS-YW11 to serve as a functional agent in the processing of fermented dairy products with enhanced textural stability and bioactivities such as cholesterol-lowering, antioxidant, and antibiofilm.
Inulin-type fructans and whey protein both modulate appetite but only fructans alter gut microbiota in adults with overweight/obesity: A randomized controlled trial; Scope: Independently, prebiotics and dietary protein have been shown to improve weight loss and/or alter appetite. Our objective was to determine the effect of combined prebiotic and whey protein on appetite, body composition and gut microbiota in adults with overweight/obesity. Methods and results: In a 12 week, placebo-controlled, double-blind study, 125 adults with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to receive isocaloric snack bars of: (1) Control; (2) Inulin-type fructans (ITF); (3) Whey protein; (4) ITF+Whey protein. Appetite, body composition and gut microbiota composition/genetic potential were assessed. Compared to Control, body fat was significantly reduced in the Whey protein group at 12wks. Hunger, desire to eat and prospective food consumption were all lower with ITF, Whey protein and ITF+Whey protein compared to Control at 12 wks. Microbial community structure differed from 0 to 12 wks in the ITF and ITF+Whey Protein groups (i.e. increased Bifidobacterium) but not Whey Protein or Control. Changes in microbial genetic potential were seen between Control and ITF-containing treatments. Conclusion: Adding ITF, whey protein or both to snack bars improved several aspects of appetite control. Changes in gut microbiota may explain in part the effects of ITF but likely not whey protein.
Effect of supplementation with corn oil on postpartum ovarian activity, pregnancy rate, and serum concentration of progesterone and lipid metabolites in F<sub>1</sub> (Bos taurus x Bos indicus) cows; The aim was to evaluate the effect of corn oil supplementation during postpartum anoestrus on ovarian activity, pregnancy rate, progesterone (P-4), and lipid metabolites (cholesterol, CHO; low and high density lipoproteins; LDL and HDL, respectively) concentrations in blood of F-1 (Bos taurus x Bos indicus) grazing cows. Cows were randomly assigned to an experimental group, fed with a supplement containing 4% corn oil on dry matter basis (OG, n = 11), and a control group with the same supplement without corn oil (CG, n = 12). Both supplements contained equivalent amounts of crude protein and metabolizable energy and were fed for 34 days continuously. All cows were induced to estrous 12 days after beginning of supplementation by using a synthetic progestagen and artificially inseminated 56 h after retiring the implants. Pregnancy diagnosis was performed by transrectal palpation 45 days after insemination, evaluating simultaneously ovarian activity. P-4 and lipid metabolites (CHO, HDL, LDL) concentrations were determined in blood samples collected at 3-day intervals, from the beginning of corn oil supplementation and up to 10 days after artificial insemination. Ovarian activity was affected by treatment (p < 0.05), finding ovarian structures in 72.7% of OG cows and in 50% of CG cows. Concentration of P-4 and CHO was higher for OG with respect to CG (2.52 +/- 0.65 vs 1.88 +/- 0.62 ng/ml and 117.79 +/- 11.57 vs 85.71 +/- 12.11 mg/dl, respectively), whereas pregnancy rate and blood concentrations of HDL and LDL were not affected by treatment (p > 0.05). Addition of corn oil to the supplement stimulated ovarian activity and increased serum concentrations of progesterone and cholesterol in grazing B. taurus x B. indicus cows with low body condition score showing postpartum anoestrus.
<i>Streptococcus thermophilus</i> fermented milk reduces serum MDA-LDL and blood pressure in healthy and mildly hypercholesterolaemic adults; Low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, malondialdehyde-modified low-density lipoprotein (MDA-LDL), MDA-LDL/LDL-cholesterol in serum, and blood pressure are considered useful risk markers of cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to examine whether a fermented milk containing Streptococcus thermophilus YIT 2001 (ST), which has high anti-oxidative activity, would benefit healthy and mildly hyper-LDL-cholesterolaemic adults via a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. ST-fermented milk or non-fermented placebo milk (PC) was consumed once a day for 12 weeks by 29 and 30 subjects, respectively, with average serum LDL-cholesterol levels of about 140 mg/dl. Serum levels of LDL-cholesterol and MDA-LDL and blood pressure were analysed before (baseline) and after consumption. Comparisons of the responses between both groups were assessed using analysis of covariance (ANCOVA, with the baseline value as the covariate). ANCOVA demonstrated that the ST group had significant reductions in MDA-LDL, MDA-LDL/LDL-cholesterol, systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) compared with the PC group during the consumption period (P < 0.05). Moreover, stratified analysis revealed that there were significant reductions in MDA-LDL, MDA-LDL/LDL-cholesterol, SBP, and DBP in the ST group compared with the PC group during the consumption period in subjects who had above median (65 U/l) levels of oxidative stress marker MDA-LDL at baseline (P < 0.05), but not in subjects with levels below the median. These findings suggest that daily consumption of ST-fermented milk may be beneficial in healthy or mildly hyper-LDL cholesterolaemic subjects through reductions in risk marker values of oxidative stress and/or cardiovascular diseases. The benefits were particularly remarkable in subjects who had higher levels of MDA-LDL.
Consuming a mixed diet enriched with lupin protein beneficially affects plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic subjects: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: The objectives of this study were to assess whether 25 g/d lupin protein, integrated into a mixed diet, might affect cardiovascular risk factors and whether L-arginine was responsible for these effects. Methods: Seventy-two hypercholesterolemic subjects participated in the randomized, controlled, double-blind three-phase crossover study. They were assigned to three diets with 25 g/d lupin protein (LP), milk protein (MP) or milk protein plus 1.6 g/d arginine (MPA) each for 28 d in a random order interrupted by 6-week washout periods. Lupin protein and the comparator milk protein were incorporated into complex food products (bread, roll, sausage, and vegetarian spread). Arginine was administered via capsules. Sixty-eight subjects were included in final analyses. Results: Compared with MP, LDL cholesterol was significantly lower after LP. Compared with MP and MPA, homocysteine was significantly lower after LP. Compared with baseline, concentrations of total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol significantly decreased after LP and MPA. Triacylglycerols and uric acid significantly decreased after LP. The relative changes in total and LDL cholesterol were significantly greater for subjects with severe hypercholesterolemia (>6.6 mmol/L) than those with moderate hypercholesterolemia (5.2-6.6 mmol/L). Conclusions: The present study showed for the first time that incorporation of 25 g/d of lupin protein into a variety of complex food products lowers total and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, homocysteine, and uric acid in hypercholesterolemic subjects. The hypocholesterolemic effect is stronger in subjects with severe hypercholesterolemia. Arginine might be responsible for some, but not all of the beneficial effects of lupin protein. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Dietary Quality and Associated Factors among Factory Workers in the Metropolitan Region of Sao Paulo, Brazil; The workplace is a manageable community-based setting for ensuring proper nutrition. This study aimed to evaluate dietary quality and associated factors among adult workers at a cosmetics factory in the metropolitan area of Sao Paulo, Brazil. This factory was actively participating in the Brazilian Workers' Meal Program, which was created to ensure workers' nutritional health. In this cross-sectional study, data on 202 adult workers were assessed using questionnaires (sociodemographic, anthropometric, and lifestyle characteristics) administered during August and September 2006. Dietary intake, measured by 24-hour dietary recall, was used to calculate the modified Healthy Eating Index (HEI). A repeated administration of the 24-hour dietary recall was applied in a random subsample to calculate the modified HEI adjusted for the within-person variation in intake. Mean adjusted modified HEI scores were analyzed using multiple linear regression adjusted for energy. The mean adjusted modified HEI score was 72.3 +/- 8.0. The lowest adjusted modified HEI components scores were "milk and dairy products" (4.4 +/- 3.2) and "sodium" (3.7 +/- 3.1). Two percent of workers had "poor diet" (adjusted modified HEI score <51 points) and the majority (87%) had "diet that needs modification" (adjusted modified HEI score between 51 and 80), despite their participation in the meal program. Adjusted modified HEI scores were considerably higher for men (74.7 +/- 7.0) than for women (66.9 +/- 8.2) and for normal body mass index (calculated as kg/m(2)) (73.3 +/- 7.8) than for overweight/obese (70.9 +/- 8.1). Based on these results, the vast majority of workers were found to have diets that needed improvement. Individuals with higher-quality diets were more likely to have lower body mass index and to be male. J Am Diet Assoc. 2010;110:786-790.
Impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men and women; Background and aims: Sphingolipids (SL) are important components of the milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) found in buttermilk. While studies in animal models suggest that dietary SL may have cholesterol-lowering properties, data in human are lacking. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol (C) homeostasis in humans. Methods and results: Men and women (n = 34) with serum LDL-C <5.0 mmol/L at screening (mean LDL-C = 3.8 mmol/L) were recruited in this double-blinded randomized crossover placebo controlled study. Their diets were supplemented with 45 g/d of buttermilk and with 45 g/d of a macro/micronutrient matched placebo (4 weeks each in random order). Serum lipid concentrations and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis were measured post diet and compared using mixed models for repeated measures. Consumption of buttermilk led to reduction in serum cholesterol (-3.1%, P = 0.019), LDL-C (-3.1%, P = 0.057) and triacylglycerol (-10.7%, P = 0.007). Buttermilk consumption increased plasma lathosterol concentrations (+12.1%, P = 0.001), but multiple regression analysis indicated that variations in beta-sitosterol concentrations (P = 0.002) were the only significant predictor of the LDL-C response to buttermilk consumption. Conclusion: Buttermilk consumption may be associated with reduced cholesterol concentrations in men and women, primarily through inhibition of intestinal absorption of cholesterol. Registration number: This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01248026. (C) 2013 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on cardiovascular risk factors in overweight, post-menopausal women; Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the acute effects of dietary whey proteins on lipids, glucose and insulin, and resting energy expenditure in overweight and obese post-menopausal women, a population highly susceptible to cardiovascular disease. Methods: A three-way crossover design study was conducted where 20 overweight or obese, post menopausal women were randomised to consume either 45 g whey protein isolate, 45 g sodium caseinate or 45 g of a glucose control in conjunction with a breakfast meal. Blood samples were taken for up to 6 h. Results: There was no significant change in postprandial incremental area under the curve (AUC) for total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, non-esterified fatty acids, Apo B48, insulin and leptin between groups. However, there was a significant decrease in the appearance of triglycerides (TG) in the blood by 21% and 27% after consuming the whey meal compared to control and casein meals, respectively, as measured by AUC. There was also a significant reduction by 27% and 32% in the AUC for TG: ApoB48 ratio in the whey group compared to the glucose and casein groups, respectively. There was a significantly lower AUC for blood glucose after the consumption of the whey and casein meal compared to glucose meal. Conclusion: These findings suggest that a single dose of whey protein can decrease arterial exposure to smaller TG-enriched lipoprotein particles compared to the glucose and casein meals in the postprandial period in overweight and obese, post-menopausal women. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of β-cryptoxanthin plus phytosterols on cardiovascular risk and bone turnover markers in post-menopausal women: A randomized crossover trial; Background and aim: Post-menopausal women are at higher risk of cardiovascular disease and bone demineralization. Phytosterols (PS) may be used for hypercholesterolemia in some groups and beta-cryptoxanthin (beta-Cx) displays a unique anabolic effect on bone. Our aim was to assess the changes in cardiovascular and bone turnover markers from the oral intake of beta-Cx and PS in post-menopausal women. Methods and results: A randomized, double-blind, crossover study with beta-Cx (0.75 mg/day) and PS (1.5 g/day), single and combined, was performed in 38 postmenopausal women. Diet was supplemented with 1 x 250 mL milk-based fruit drink/day for 4 weeks with a wash-out period of 4-weeks in between. Serum beta-Cx and PS were determined by UPLC and CG-FID respectively. Outcome variables included markers of bone turnover and cardiovascular risk. Biological effect was assessed by paired t test and generalized estimating equations analysis that included the previous treatment, the order of intervention and the interactions. The intake of beverages containing beta-Cx and PS brought about a significant increase in serum levels of beta-Cx, beta-sitosterol and campesterol. Intervention caused changes in almost all the markers while the order, previous treatment and the interaction did not reach statistical significance. Only the intake of the beverage containing beta-Cx plus PS brought about significant decreases in total cholesterol, c-HDL, c-LDL and bone turnover markers. Conclusions: beta-Cx improves the cholesterol-lowering effect of PS when supplied simultaneously and this combination may also be beneficial in reducing risk of osteoporosis. (C) 2014 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of safety and tolerance of microencapsulated <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study; Probiotic organisms have shown promise in treating diseases. Previously, we have reported on the efficacy of microencapsulated Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation at lowering serum cholesterol levels in otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic adults. This study investigates the safety and toxicology of oral ingestion of microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation. A randomized group of 120 subjects received a dose of 5 x 10(10) CFU microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 in yogurt (n = 59) or placebo yogurt (n = 61) twice/day for 6 weeks. Clinical chemistry and hematological parameters of safety were analyzed. Fecal samples were collected at these time points for the analysis of deconjugated bile acids. The frequency, duration and intensity of adverse events (AEs) and clinical significance of safety parameters were recorded for both groups. No clinically significant differences between the probiotic yogurt and placebo yogurt treated groups were detected in either the blood clinical chemistry or hematology results and there was no significant increase in fecal deconjugated bile acids (P > 0.05) between treated and control groups. The frequency and intensity of AEs was similar in the two groups. These results demonstrate the safe use of this formulation in food. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Milk-Fat Intake and Differences in Abdominal Adiposity and BMI: Evidence Based on 13,544 Randomly-Selected Adults; The primary purpose of this investigation was to evaluate the relationship between milk-fat intake and obesity, particularly abdominal obesity, in 13,544 U.S. adults. A lesser objective was to measure the degree to which the association was influenced by multiple potential confounding variables. This cross-sectional study used data from the 2011-2016 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Quantity of milk-fat regularly consumed was the exposure variable. Sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD), a measure of abdominal obesity, and body mass index (BMI) were the outcome variables. Sagittal abdominal diameter is a strong predictor of visceral abdominal fat, when measured by computed tomography, and has been shown to predict cardiometabolic disorders better than BMI. After controlling for age, race, gender, physical activity, leisure computer use and gaming, alcohol habits, and cigarette use, significantly lower BMIs were associated with consistent non-fat and full-fat milk consumption (F = 4.1, p = 0.0063). A significantly lower SAD was associated only with regular consumption of non-fat milk (F = 5.0, p = 0.0019). No significant differences were detected between the other milk-fat groups or milk abstainers. In this nationally representative sample, only 19.6% of adults regularly consumed low-fat milk. In conclusion, consistent non-fat milk intake was predictive of lower levels of abdominal adiposity compared to consumption of higher levels of milk-fat.
Effect of zinc and vitamin E supplementation on hormones and blood biochemicals in peri-partum Sahiwal cows; Thirty-two advanced pregnant multiparous Sahiwal cows were used to study the effect of additional zinc (Zn) and vitamin E (VE) supplementation on hormonal and biochemical changes. Cows were randomly assigned to four groups and fed a basal diet of compounded concentrate, berseem fodder, and wheat straw in a ratio of 60:20:20. The groups were: (1) the basal diet with no supplement (control treatment); (2) the basal diet supplemented with 60 mg/kg DM/cow daily of Zn (Zn treatment); (3) the basal diet supplemented with 1000 IU/cow daily of vitamin E (VE treatment); and (4) the basal diet supplemented with a combination of 60 mg Zn/kg DM/cow and 1000 IU vitamin E/cow/d (Zn + VE treatment). Blood samples were collected on 60, 45, 30, 15, 7, 3, 0, 3, 7, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, and 120 din relation to expected date of calving and were analyzed for endocrine variables and biochemical changes. Plasma concentrations of leptin, insulin, insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), triidothyronine (T3), and tetraiodothyronine (T4) were decreased toward calving and observed lowest (P < 0.05) on 3 d post-partum. However, plasma levels of growth hormone (GH) and cortisol increased toward calving and were found highest (P < 0.05) on 3 d post-partum. Pre-partum concentrations of leptin and IGF-1 were higher (P < 0.05) than its respective concentration observed during post-partum. Post-partum concentrations of GH and cortisol were higher (P < 0.05) than its respective pre-partum concentration. Prepartum concentrations of urea, triglycerides, Zn, and VE were higher (P < 0.05) and total cholesterol and HDL cholesterol were lower than its values observed in post-partum among all the groups. Treatments had significant (P < 0.05) effect on plasma hormonal levels and levels of Zn and VE but no effect on biochemical attributes. Cows fed on diet supplemented with Zn + VE had highest (P < 0.05) pre as well as post-calving concentrations of leptin (6.38 vs 5.01 ng/ml), insulin (1.39 vs 1.33 ng/ml), GH (9.29 vs 13.72 ng/ml), IGF-1 (14.55 vs 12.59 nmol/l), T3 (1.45 vs 1.40 ng/ml), T4 (32.44 vs 31.79 ng/ml) whereas as lowest concentration of cortisol hormone (3.05 vs 3.44 ng/ml). Cows supplemented with combination of Zn and VE showed minimum decline in plasma concentration of leptin, insulin, GH, IGF-1, T3, and T4, and minimum increase in cortisol concentration. In conclusion, daisy cows around parturition faces various endocrine and biochemical alterations and supplementation of Zn in combination with VE can ameliorate adverse effect of calving stress by maintaining circulatory concentration of hormone and biochemicals towards the basal levels.
Metabolic Programming: Effects of Early Nutrition on Growth, Metabolism and Body Composition; High protein requirements of premature infants during the first weeks of postnatal life are a well-established fact. Those infants gain fat-free mass and protein rapidly during the first weeks of postnatal growth and require a much higher protein/energy ratio than term infants. Recommended protein intakes are 3.5-4.0 g/kg per day. For term infants, on the other hand, FAO and WHO have recently lowered recommended protein intakes to better reflect our current knowledge about the protein concentration in breast milk during the first 12 months of lactation. Longitudinal randomized clinical trials now confirm that term infants who are fed infant and follow-up formulas with protein concentrations >2.25 g/100 kcal (high protein formulas) during the first year of life grow faster than indicated by the WHO growth standards. Rapid weight gain during infancy is a predictor of childhood and adult obesity. Infants fed high protein quality formulas with protein concentrations of 1.6-2.2 g/100 kcal from 3 to 4 months onwards experience weight gain that is very close to that of breastfed infants. Biomarkers (insulin or IGF-1) of infants receiving low protein formulas differ from those of infants receiving high protein formulas. Six-year-old children who received low protein formulas in the first year of life had a lower risk of childhood obesity (BMI >95th percentile of WHO standards) compared with children who received high protein formulas as infants. BMI at 5 years of age is similar in children who were breastfed or received low protein formulas as infants. It is most important that the new low protein formulas are safe and adequate for all healthy term infants. Based on new protein technologies, the levels of essential and branched-chain amino acids in low protein formulas are now close to those in breast milk. Safety has been confirmed by following anthropometric parameters to 5-6 years of age and comparing these parameters with the WHO growth standards. Body composition measurements indicate similar protein accretion between 3 and 6 months of age in infants fed high or low protein formulas. Longitudinal data on body composition indicate that children who received a low protein formula until age 12 months gain less fat between 6 and 60 months than children who received a high protein formula. Breastfeeding and the use of low/high protein quality formulas in term infants who cannot be breastfed can help support appropriate metabolic programming during this critical period and reduce the risk of later obesity. (c) 2016 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel
Phytosterols supplementation decreases plasma small and dense LDL levels in metabolic syndrome patients on a westernized type diet; Background and aims: Several studies have observed a hypocholesterolemic effect of plant sterols in hypercholesterolemic patients on a balanced diet. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of phytosterol supplementation on risk factors of coronary artery disease in metabolic syndrome patients on a Westernized type diet. Methods and results: In a randomized placebo-controlled design 108 patients with metabolic syndrome were assigned to consume either 2 plant sterol-enriched yogurt mini drink which provided 4 g phytosterols per day, or a yogurt beverage without phytosterols (control). The duration of the study was 2 months and the patients in both groups followed their habitual westernized type diet and recording it on food diaries. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and after 2 months of intervention. After 2 months supplementation with phytosterols, a significant reduction in total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, small and dense LDL (sdLDL) levels, as well as, apoB and triglycerides concentrations were observed in the intervention group (P < 0.05) compared to the control group. In addition, phytosterol supplementation lowered serum total cholesterol by 15.9%, LDL-cholesterol by 20.3% and triglyceride levels by 19.1% (P = 0.02, P < 0.001 and P < 0.001, respectively), although the patients kept their habitual westernized type diet. No differences were observed in HDL cholesterol, apoA1, glucose, C-reactive protein, fibrinogen levels and blood pressure. Conclusions: Phytosterol supplementation improves risk factors of coronary artery disease even if the diet is a westernized type. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of various food ingredients on gall bladder emptying; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The emptying of the gall bladder in response to feeding is pivotal for the digestion of fat, but the role of various food ingredients in contracting the gall bladder postprandially is not well understood. We hypothesized that different food ingredients, when consumed, will have a different effect on stimulating gall bladder emptying. To investigate this we designed two randomized, investigator-blind, cross-over studies in healthy subjects using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to measure gall bladder volumes serially and non-invasively. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Study 1: exploratory study evaluating the effects of 10 different food ingredients on gall bladder emptying in eight healthy subjects. The choice of ingredients varied from common items like coffee, tea and milk to actives like curcumin and potato protease inhibitor. Study 2: mechanistic study investigating the cholecystokinin (CCK) dose response to the best performer ingredient from Study 1 in 21 healthy subjects four ways. RESULTS: The largest gall bladder volume change in Study 1 was observed with fat, which therefore became the dose-response ingredient in Study 2, where the maximum % gall bladder volume change correlated well with CCK. CONCLUSIONS: These serial test-retest studies showed that the fasted gall bladder volume varied remarkably between individuals and that individual day-to-day variability had wide coefficients of variation. Improved knowledge of how to stimulate bile release using food ingredients will be useful to improve in vitro in vivo correlation of bioavailability testing of hydrophobic drugs. It could improve performance of cholesterol-lowering plant stanol and sterol products and possibly aid understanding of some cholesterol gallstone disease.
Dairy intake and type 2 diabetes risk factors: A narrative review; Aim: The interest regarding the potential role of dairy products in the prevention of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has emerged. Although results remain mixed, numerous cohort studies have shown that increased dairy consumption is inversely associated with T2D risk. This narrative review evaluates the recent evidence of dairy products intake on T2D risk factors for the prevention of T2D. Material and method: The review is framed within the systematic review and meta-analyses of cohort studies and the individual randomized controlled trials evidence. We searched for existing meta-analyses of cohort studies that addressed the association of dairy intake with incidence of T2D in adults using the MEDLINE (via PubMed) database. For the interventional studies, the literature searched was conducted using MEDLINE (via PubMed) with the following Medical Subjects Heading (MeSH) terms i.e. dairy OR milk OR cheese OR yogurt AND glucose OR diabetes OR insulin resistance OR insulin sensitivity OR pre-diabetes. Results: Most of the meta-analyses and systematic reviews of the cohort studies point to a reduced risk of T2D with dairy intake of 3 servings per day. This effect was mainly attributed to low-fat dairy, particularly yogurt and cheese. However, there is no evidence in cohort studies that high-fat dairy intake poses any harm. Conclusion: Dairy products, when incorporated into a healthy diet, likely do not have detrimental effects on glucose-related outcomes. The potential impact of dairy consumption on glucose tolerance tests, insulin levels, insulin sensitivity measures, and plasma glucose levels warrant future investigation. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of Diabetes India.
Hypocholesteremic effectiveness of a yogurt containing plant stanol esters; This clinical trial was carried out with the objective of a preliminar evaluation of the hypocholesteremic effectiveness of a dietary dairy product currently marketed in Spain in the form of drinkable yogurt. Thirty-two adult male and female patients with LDL cholesterol higher than 120 mg/dl were recruited in a pilot, randomized as parallel groups, double-blind, and placebo-controlled clinical trial. Patients consumed during 3 weeks (a bottle a day) Kaiku's Benecol (R) containing 2 g/bottle of plant stanol esters, or a placebo consisting of the same product without plant stanol. Furthermore, all participants carried out some dietary standards. At the beginning and the end of the treatment LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were assessed; LDL/HDL index was also calculated. At the end of the treatment in the active group a significant decline (p < 0.01) with regard to the initial levels was observed in LDL cholesterol (157 +/- 30 to 140 +/- 34, mg/dl, mean +/- SD) levels, total cholesterol (235 +/- 34 to 219 +/- 35) levels, and LDL/HDL index (3,2 1,0 to 3,0 1,2), without significant changes in HDL cholesterol (48 +/- 15 to 53 +/- 29); in the placebo group there were no significant changes (LDL cholesterol: 168 +/- 25 to 164 +/- 23; total cholesterol: 245 +/- 31 to 237 +/- 23; HDL cholesterol: 51 +/- 12 to 51 +/- 12; LDL/HDL index: 3,4 0,6 to 3,3 0,8). In short, consumption of a yogurt a day containing 2 g of stanol reduces significantly the cholesterol levels and this effect is not observed with the placebo.
Muscle strength gains during resistance exercise training are attenuated with soy compared with dairy or usual protein intake in older adults: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: Maintenance of muscle mass and strength into older age is critical to maintain health. The aim was to determine whether increased dairy or soy protein intake combined with resistance training enhanced strength gains in older adults. Methods: 179 healthy older adults (age 61.5 +/- 7.4 yrs, BMI 27.6 +/- 3.6 kg/m(2)) performed resistance training three times per week for 12 weeks and were randomized to one of three eucaloric dietary treatments which delivered >20 g of protein at each main meal or immediately after resistance training: high dairy protein (HP-D, >1.2 g of protein/kg body weight/d; similar to 27 g/d dairy protein); high soy protein (HP-S, >1.2 g of protein/kg body weight/d; similar to 27 g/d soy protein); usual protein intake (UP, <1.2 g of protein/kg body weight/d). Muscle strength, body composition, physical function and quality of life were assessed at baseline and 12 weeks. Treatments effects were analyzed using two-way ANOVA. Results: 83 participants completed the intervention per protocol (HP-D = 34, HP-S = 26, UP = 23). Protein intake was higher in HP-D and HP-S compared with UP (HP-D 1.41 +/- 0.14 g/kg/d, HP-S 1.42 +/- 0.61 g/kg/d, UP 1.10 +/- 0.10 g/kg/d; P < 0.001 treatment effect). Strength increased less in HP-S compared with HP-D and UP (HP-D 92.1 +/- 40.8%, HP-S 63.0 +/- 23.8%,UP 92.3 +/- 35.4%; P = 0.002 treatment effect). Lean mass, physical function and mental health scores increased and fat mass decreased (P <= 0.006), with no treatment effect (P > 0.06). Conclusions: Increased soy protein intake attenuated gains in muscle strength during resistance training in older adults compared with increased intake of dairy protein or usual protein intake. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
The effects of dietary saturated fat source on weight gain and adiposity are influenced by both sex and total dietary lipid intake in zebrafish; The effects of saturated fat intake on obesity and cardiovascular health remain inconclusive, likely due in part to their varied nature and interactions with other nutrients. Investigating the synergistic effects of different saturated fat sources with other dietary lipid components will help establish more accurate nutritional guidelines for dietary fat intake. Over the past two decades, zebrafish (Danio rerio) have been established as an attractive model system to address questions regarding contributions of dietary lipid intake to diet-induced obesity in humans. The goal of the present study was to assess interactions of three different saturated fat sources (milk fat, palm oil, and coconut oil) with sex and total dietary lipid intake on weight gain and body composition in adult zebrafish. Larvae were raised on live feeds until 28 days post fertilization, and then fed a formulated maintenance diet until three months of age. An eight-week feeding trial was then initiated, in which zebrafish were fed nine experimental low- and high-fat diets varying in saturated fatty acid and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid content, in addition to a low-fat and high-fat control diet. At termination of the feeding trial, each treatment was evaluated according to body mass, moisture content, and adiposity. Sex and diet significantly interacted in their effects on body mass (P = 0.026), moisture content (P = 0.044), and adiposity (P = 0.035). The influence of saturated fat source on body mass was observed to be dependent on intake of total dietary lipid. In females, all three saturated fat sources had similar effects on adiposity. From these observations, we hypothesize that impacts of saturated fat intake on energy allocation and obesity-related phenotypes are influenced by both sex and intake of other dietary lipid components. Our results suggest that current nutritional guidelines for saturated fat intake may need to be re-evaluated and take sex-specific recommendations into consideration.
Effect of nutrition on plasma lipid profile and mRNA levels of ovarian genes involved in steroid hormone synthesis in Hu sheep during luteal phase; Ovarian steroid hormones regulate follicular growth and atresia. This study aims to determine whether key ovarian sterol-regulatory genes are differentially expressed in Hu sheep under different short-term nutritional regimens. Estrus was synchronized using intravaginal progestagen sponges. The ewes were assigned randomly to 3 groups. On d 6 to 12 of their estrous cycle, the control (CON) group received a maintenance diet (1.0 x M), the supplemented (SUP) group received 1.5 x M, and the restricted (R) group received 0.5 x M. On d 7 to 12, blood samples were taken. The sheep were slaughtered at the end of the treatment, and their organs and ovaries were collected. The plasma concentrations of urea (P < 0.01), total cholesterol (P < 0.01), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.01), NEFA (P < 0.01), FSH (P < 0.05), and estradiol (P < 0.05) increased with decreasing dietary intake, whereas plasma triglyceride (P < 0.01) and triiodothyronine (T3) concentrations decreased (P < 0.05). The ewes in the R group had higher spleen weight and percentage of spleen to BW and lower liver and small intestine weights and percentage of liver/stomach to BW than the SUP group ewes (P < 0.05). Nutritional restriction decreased the cytochrome p450 (CYP17A1) and estrogen receptor 1 (ESR1) mRNA expression (P < 0.05) and increased the cytochrome p450 aromatase (CYP19A1) mRNA expression (P < 0.05) in follicles > 2.5 mm. Follicle size affected the mRNA expression of very low density lipoprotein receptor (VLDLR), estrogen receptor 2 (ESR2), FSH receptor (FSHR), CYP17A1, and CYP19A1 (P < 0.05). In conclusion, we suggest that a potential mechanism by which short-term negative energy balance inhibits follicular growth may involve responses to disrupted reproductive hormone concentrations and influenced the intrafollicular expression of CYP17A1, CYP19A1, and ESR1. This result may be due to increased plasma urea and lipid concentrations.
Effects of Palm Stearin versus Butter in the Context of Low-Carbohydrate/High-Fat and High-Carbohydrate/Low-Fat Diets on Circulating Lipids in a Controlled Feeding Study in Healthy Humans; Background. Foods rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) have been discouraged by virtue of their cholesterol-raising potential, but this effect is modulated by the food source and background level of carbohydrate. Objective. We aimed to compare the consumption of palm stearin (PS) versus butter on circulating cholesterol responses in the setting of both a low-carbohydrate/high-fat (LC/HF) and high-carbohydrate/low-fat (HC/LF) diet in healthy subjects. We also explored effects on plasma lipoprotein particle distribution and fatty acid composition. Methods. We performed a randomized, controlled-feeding, cross-over study that compared a PS- versus a Butter-based diet in a group of normocholesterolemic, non-obese adults. A controlled canola oil-based 'Run-In' diet preceded the experimental PS and Butter diets. All diets were eucaloric, provided for 3-weeks, and had the same macronutrient distribution but varied in primary fat source (40% of the total fat). The same Run-In and cross-over experiments were done in two separate groups who self-selected to either a LC/HF (n = 12) or a HC/LF (n = 12) diet track. The primary outcomes were low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-C, triglycerides, and LDL particle distribution. Results. Compared to PS, Butter resulted in higher LDL-C in both the LC/HF (13.4%, p = 0.003) and HC/LF (10.8%, p = 0.002) groups, which was primarily attributed to large LDL I and LDL IIa particles. There were no differences between PS and Butter in HDL-C, triglycerides, or small LDL particles. Oxidized LDL was lower after PS than Butter in LC/HF (p = 0.011), but not the HC/LF group. Conclusions. These results demonstrate that Butter raises LDL-C relative to PS in healthy normocholesterolemic adults regardless of background variations in carbohydrate and fat, an effect primarily attributed to larger cholesterol-rich LDL particles.
Six Weeks of Aerobic Exercise in Untrained Men With Overweight/Obesity Improved Training Adaptations, Performance and Body Composition Independent of Oat/Potato or Milk Based Protein-Carbohydrate Drink Supplementation; Background: Protein availability around aerobic exercise might benefit aerobic capacity and body composition in normal weight adults. However, it is unknown if individuals with overweight/obesity elicit similar adaptations or improve other cardiometabolic/health-related markers in response to different types of protein. Thus, our aim was to study the effect of supplementation of two different protein drinks in conjunction with exercise on aerobic capacity, body composition and blood health markers in untrained subjects with overweight or obesity. Methods: The present study measured training adaptation and health parameters over a 6 week period in untrained men with overweight/obesity (n = 28; BMI 30.4 +/- 2.2 kg/m(2)) ingesting either plant- (Oat/Potato; n = 8) or animal-based (Milk; n = 10) protein-carbohydrate drinks (10g of protein/serving), or a control carbohydrate drink (n = 10) acutely before and after each training session (average three sessions/week @ 70% HRmax). Pre-post intervention (V)over dotO(2peak), muscle biopsies and blood samples were collected, body composition measured (DXA) and two different exercise tests performed. Body weight was controlled with participants remaining weight stable throughout the intervention. Results: For the groups combined, the training intervention significantly increased (V)over dotO(2p)(eak) (8%; P < 0.001), performance in a time-to-exhaustion trial (similar to 100%; P < 0.001), mitochondrial protein content and enzyme activity (similar to 20-200%). Lean body mass increased (1%; P < 0.01) and fat mass decreased (3%; P < 0.01). No significant effects on fasting blood glucose, insulin, lipids or markers of immune function were observed. There were no significant interactions between drink conditions for training adaptation or blood measurements. For body composition, the Oat/Potato and carbohydrate group decreased leg fat mass significantly more than the Milk group (interaction P < 0.05). Conclusions: Aerobic capacity and body composition were improved and a number of mitochondrial, glycolytic and oxidative skeletal muscle proteins and enzyme activities were upregulated by a 6 week training intervention. However, none of the parameters for endurance training adaptation were influenced by protein supplementation before and after each training session.
Dietary Fats and Cardiovascular Disease A Presidential Advisory From the American Heart Association; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading global cause of death, accounting for 17.3 million deaths per year. Preventive treatment that reduces CVD by even a small percentage can substantially reduce, nationally and globally, the number of people who develop CVD and the costs of caring for them. This American Heart Association presidential advisory on dietary fats and CVD reviews and discusses the scientific evidence, including the most recent studies, on the effects of dietary saturated fat intake and its replacement by other types of fats and carbohydrates on CVD. In summary, randomized controlled trials that lowered intake of dietary saturated fat and replaced it with polyunsaturated vegetable oil reduced CVD by approximate to 30%, similar to the reduction achieved by statin treatment. Prospective observational studies in many populations showed that lower intake of saturated fat coupled with higher intake of polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fat is associated with lower rates of CVD and of other major causes of death and all-cause mortality. In contrast, replacement of saturated fat with mostly refined carbohydrates and sugars is not associated with lower rates of CVD and did not reduce CVD in clinical trials. Replacement of saturated with unsaturated fats lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, a cause of atherosclerosis, linking biological evidence with incidence of CVD in populations and in clinical trials. Taking into consideration the totality of the scientific evidence, satisfying rigorous criteria for causality, we conclude strongly that lowering intake of saturated fat and replacing it with unsaturated fats, especially polyunsaturated fats, will lower the incidence of CVD. This recommended shift from saturated to unsaturated fats should occur simultaneously in an overall healthful dietary pattern such as DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) or the Mediterranean diet as emphasized by the 2013 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology lifestyle guidelines and the 2015 to 2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans.
Effects of a combination of fibrolytic and amylolytic enzymes on ruminal enzyme activities, bacterial diversity, blood profile and milk production in dairy cows; We hypothesised that adding a combination of fibrolytic and amylolytic enzymes to the diet of earlylactation dairy cows would improve rumen enzyme activity and bacterial diversity, promote energy metabolism, and benefit milk production in cows. Twenty multiparous early-lactation (90 +/- 5 d) Holstein cows with similar body conditions were randomly allocated to control (CON, n = 10) and experimental (EXP, n = 10) groups in a completely randomised single-factor design. The CON was fed only a basal total mixed ration diet, and the diet of the EXP was supplemented with a combination of fibrolytic and amylolytic enzymes at 70 g/cow/d (cellulase 3 500 CU/g, xylanase 2 000 XU/g, l3-glucanase 17 500 GU/g, and amylase 37 000 AU/g). The experiment lasted 28 days, with 21 days for adaptation and 7 days for sampling. Enzyme addition increased the activity levels of a-amylase and xylanase, and the ammonia-N concentration (P < 0.05) tended to increase the activity of l3-glucanase (P = 0.08) in rumen fluid. However, there was no significant difference in the rumen bacterial richness and diversity, phylum (richness > 0.1%) or genus (richness > 1%) composition between the CON and EXP groups (P > 0.05). A tendency of difference was found between CON and EXP (R = 0.22, P = 0.098) in principal component analysis. Ten genera showed different abundances across the CON and EXP groups (linear discriminant analysis effect size, linear discriminant analysis > 2). EXP increased the ratio of albumin to globulin and the concentrations of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.05) and tended to increase triglycerides (P = 0.09) in blood. Milk yield, 3.5% fat-corrected milk yield and energy-corrected milk yield increased with enzyme supplementation (P < 0.05). The production levels of milk fat and lactose increased, but the percentage of solids, not fat and protein, decreased in EXP (P < 0.05). Although the DM intake was not affected, the feed efficiency tended to increase (P = 0.07) in EXP. In conclusion, dietary supplementation with a mixture of fibrolytic and amylolytic enzymes on multiparous early-lactation dairy cows increased a-amylase and xylanase activity levels in rumen fluid, enhanced milk performance and tended to improve the feed efficiency in cows.(c) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Animal Consortium. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Effects of fermented soy milk on the liver lipids under oxidative stress; AIM: To investigate the effects of fermented soy milk powder on the antioxidative status and lipid metabolism in the livers of CCl4-injected rats. METHODS: Forty-five healthy male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly assigned to five groups according to five different diets: control (AIN-76), AIN-76+high-dose fermented soy milk powder, AIN-76+low-dose fermented soy milk powder, AIN-76+high-dose milk yogurt powder and AIN-76+low-dose milk yogurt powder. The experiment lasted for 8 wk. After 4 wk, all the rats received intraperitoneal administration of CCl4 (0.2 mL/100 g body weight) every week. Total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), TBARS, ALP, and antioxidative enzymes in the liver were evaluated. RESULTS: There was also no significant difference in TBARS and antioxidative enzymes in the liver. TC and TG in the groups fed with fermented soy milk powder were generally lower than those fed with casein powder. CONCLUSION: Consumption of fermented soy milk was positive in lowering total cholesterol and TG accumulation in the liver under CCl4-induced oxidative stress. (C) 2005 The WJG Press and Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Plant sterol esters lower plasma lipids and most carotenoids in mildly hypercholesterolemic adults; The ability of plant sterol esters (PSE) in salad dressing to modify plasma lipids and carotenoids was determined in 26 men and 27 women fed controlled, weight-maintaining, isocaloric diets. Diets contained typical American foods that provided 32% of energy from fat. Dressings contained 8 g (ranch) or 4 g (Italian) of fat per serving. PSE (3.6 g/d) were provided in two servings/d of one of the dressings. Diets with ranch or Italian dressing without and with PSE were fed for 3 wk/diet and crossed over randomly within dressings. Diets were adjusted to similar fat and fatty acid concentrations. Type of salad dressing did not affect plasma lipids, lipoproteins, carotenoids, or fat-soluble vitamins (P > 0.05). Switching from a self-selected baseline diet to the control diet resulted in reduction in low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol of 7.9%, a decrease in high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol of 3.1 %, and a decrease in triglycerides (TG) of 9.3%. Consumption of 3.6 g of PSE resulted in further decreases in LDL cholesterol (9.7%) and TG (7.3%) but no additional change in HDL cholesterol. Total plasma carotenoids decreased 9.6% with PSE. An automated stepwise procedure was developed to produce candidate mixed models relating plasma carotenoid response to PSE. These models adjusted for preintervention plasma carotenoid levels and effects of diets on blood lipids. There were significant decreases in beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, and beta-cryptoxanthin (females only) not associated with changes in plasma lipids. Plasma carotenoids on all diets remained within normal ranges. We conclude that low-fat foods, such as salad dressings, are effective carriers for PSE.
Effect of Argan and Olive Oil Consumption on the Hormonal Profile of Androgens Among Healthy Adult Moroccan Men; This study aimed to assess the effect of virgin argan oil (VAO) and extra virgin olive oil (EVO) on the hormonal profile of androgens and anthropometric parameters among healthy adult Moroccan men during a controlled nutritional intervention. The study was carried out on 60 young and healthy male volunteers aged between 23 and 40 years old. During a stabilization period of 2 weeks they consumed butter. The group was then randomized into two categories, the first one consuming VAO and the second EVO for 3 weeks. Testosterone (T), luteinizing hormone (LH) and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEAS) serum concentrations were measured at the beginning of the study and at the end of each period. The Mann-Whitney test was used to compare the two groups (VAO and EVO) during each step of the study. Differences in androgens and anthropometric parameters between the baseline and after 3 weeks of the diet in the VAO and EVO groups were analyzed using the Wilcoxon test. T and LH serum concentrations significantly increased after the intervention period. T levels increased by 19.9% and 17.4% (p < 0.0001), and LH levels by 18.5% (p < 0.007) and 42.6% (p < 0.0001), respectively, for VAO and EVO (p < 0.0001). However, DHEAS serum concentrations, body weight, body mass index, arterial pressure and daily energetic intake did not show any significant variation after the intervention with either argan or olive oils. The results suggest that consumption of AVO and EVO might be the origin of a positive action on the androgen hormonal profile of men.
Consumption of Goat Cheese Naturally Rich in Omega-3 and Conjugated Linoleic Acid Improves the Cardiovascular and Inflammatory Biomarkers of Overweight and Obese Subjects: A Randomized Controlled Trial; This study examines the value of a goat cheese naturally enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (n-3 PUFA and conjugated linolenic acid (CLA)) as means of improving cardiovascular and inflammatory health. Sixty-eight overweight and obese subjects (BMI >= 27 and <40 kg/m(2)), with at least two risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in a lipid panel blood tests, participated in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel designed study. The subjects consumed for 12 weeks: (1) 60 g/d control goat cheese and (2) 60 g/d goat cheese naturally enriched in n-3 PUFA and CLA. Diet and physical activity were assessed. Anthropometric and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) tests were performed. Blood samples were collected at the beginning and at the end of the study period. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The consumption of a PUFA-enriched goat cheese significantly increased plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, as well as in apolipoprotein B, and it significantly decreased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations compared to the control goat cheese (p < 0.05). The significant improvement of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory status of people with risk for CVD due to the consumption of PUFA-enriched cheese suggests a potential role of this dairy product as an alternative to develop high nutritional value food in a balanced diet comprising regular exercise.
Effects of long-term cholesterol diet on cholesterol concentration and development of atherosclerosis in homozygous apolipoprotein E-deficient mice; Homozygous apolipoprotein E-deficient (apo E KO) mice represent a suitable model for the experimental study of atherosclerosis. The aim of our study was to evaluate the relationship between the duration of a cholesterol diet and the development of atherosclerosis. Apo E KO mice were divided into two groups. Group 1 (n = 8) received a cholesterol diet from the first day of life after birth (through the breast milk of the mothers on a cholesterol diet), Group 2 (n = 6) received a control diet (as well as their mothers) for the first 3 months, and a cholesterol diet from the third month of life. The animals were cuthanased by decapitation at the age of five months. Blood was used for the measurement of cholesterol concentrations. From a series of 72 histological sections through the descendent thoracic aorta, 8 samples were selected in a uniform systematic random manner and used for a stereological quantification of atherosclerotic lesions. In comparison with the mice on a cholesterol diet for 2 months (Group 2), the total cholesterol concentration in the mice on a cholesterol diet for 5 months (Group 1) was lower (31.69 +/- 4. 10 mmol/l and 26.75 +/- 3.23 mmol/l, respectively,p < 0.05), and the volume of atherosclerotic lesions was higher (p < 0.04). Although atherosclerotic changes were found in both Groups 1 and 2, we found the atherosclerotic lesions to be significantly more developed in the experimental group fed a cholesterol diet for five months (Group 1) than in the group fed the same diet for two months only (Group 2). It can be concluded that the lower cholesterolemia found in apo E KO mice after five months of a cholesterol diet (Group 1) compared to the group fed the diet for two months only (Group 2), together with accelerated atherosclerosis is probably due to the combination of an increased excretion of cholesterol from the body via production of bile acids, and increased penetration of cholesterol to the vessel wall.
Impact of <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> subsp <i>lactis</i> BB-12 and, <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> LA-5-containing yoghurt, on fecal bacterial counts of healthy adults; This randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind, parallel dose-response study investigated the impact of 4-week commercial yoghurt consumption supplemented with Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis (BB-12) and Lactobacillus acidophilus (LA-5) on fecal bacterial counts of healthy adults. Fifty-eight volunteers were randomly assigned to three different groups: 1. placebo (no probiotic, no starter and no green tea extract); 2. Yoptimal (10(9) cfu/100 g of BB-12 and LA-5 and 40 mg of green tea extract) and 3. Yoptimal-10 (10(10) cfu/100 g of BB-12, 10(9) cfu/100 g of LA-5 and 40 mg of green tea extract). These yoghurt products also contained Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (10(7) cfu/100 g) and Streptococcus thermophilus (10(10) cfu/100 g). The quantitative PCR (qPCR) results showed that there were significant increases (P=0.02) in bifidobacteria counts with the Yoptimal treatment as compared to baseline. The fecal numbers of B. animalis subsp. lactis and LA-5 significantly increased in the two probiotic treatments compared to the placebo treatment. Viable counts of fecal lactobacilli were significantly higher (P=0.05) and those of enterococci were significantly lower (P=0.04) after the intervention when compared to placebo. No significant difference was observed between treatments in volunteers' weight, waist girth, blood pressure, fasting plasma triglyceride and HDL-C concentrations, as well as cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio. However, a significant increase in plasma cholesterol levels was observed in the placebo group (P=0.0018) but the levels remained stable in the two probiotic yoghurt groups. These results show that probiotic strains supplemented in the form of yoghurt remain active during gut transit and are associated with an increase in beneficial bacteria and a reduction in potentially pathogenic bacteria. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00730626. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of conjugated linoleic acid supplementation and feeding level on dairy performance, milk fatty acid composition, and body fat changes in mid-lactation goats; The objective of this trial was to study the interaction between the supplementation of lipid-encapsulated conjugated linoleic acid (CLA; 4.5 g of cis-9,trans-11 C18:2 and 4.5 g of trans-10,cis-12 C18:2) and feeding level to test if milk performance or milk fatty acid (FA) profile are affected by the interaction between CLA and feeding level. Twenty-four dairy goats were used in an 8-wk trial with a 3-wk adaptation to the experimental ration that contained corn silage, beet pulp, barley, and a commercial concentrate. During the third week, goats were assigned into blocks of 2 goats according to their dry matter intake (DMI), raw milk yield, and fat yield. Each block was randomly allocated to control (45 g of Ca salt of palm oil/d) or CLA treatment. Within each block, one goat was fed to cover 100% (FL100) of the calculated energy requirements and the other was fed 85% of the DMI of the first goat (FL85). Individual milk production and composition were recorded weekly, and milk FA composition was analyzed in wk 3, 5, and 7. Conjugated linoleic acid supplementation reduced milk fat content and fat yield by 17 and 19%, respectively, independent of the feeding level. It reduced both the secretion of milk FA synthesized de novo, and those taken up from the blood. No interaction between CLA and feeding level was observed on milk secretion of any group of FA. The CLA supplementation had no effect on DMI, milk yield, protein, and lactose yields but it improved calculated net energy for lactation balance. Goats fed the FL100 x CLA diet tended to have the highest DMI and protein yield. The interaction between CLA and feeding level was not significant for any other variables. Compared with the goats fed FL100, those fed FL85 had lower DMI, lower net energy for lactation balance, and lower digestible protein in the intestine balance. The body weight; milk yield; milk fat, protein, and lactose yields; and fat, protein, lactose, and urea contents in milk were not affected by feeding level. In conclusion, reduction in energy spared via fat yield reduction after CLA supplementation was not partitioned toward milk lactose or protein in goats at a low feeding level, possibly because of a simultaneous shortage of energy and amino acids. In goats on the high feeding level, energy spared tended to be partitioned toward milk protein yield, and at the same time to the prevention of excessive lipid mobilization.
The effect of meal replacements high in glycomacropeptide on weight loss and markers of cardiovascular disease risk; Background: Glycomacropeptide (GMP) is a peptide that has been shown to stimulate release of cholecystokinin, which may promote satiety. Objective: The aim of this one-year study was to examine whether greater weight loss could be achieved and sustained with a GMP-enriched whey powder supplement compared with a skim milk powder supplement. Design: In a double-blind, randomized, parallel-design study using meal replacements, weight, body composition (determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose, and insulin were measured at baseline, 6, and 12 mo. Meal replacements contained 15 g protein from GMP-enriched whey protein isolate (GMP-WPI) or skim milk powder (SMP) and 900 kJ/sachet. Volunteers consumed 2 sachets/d instead of 2 meals for 6 mo and 1 sachet/d for a further 6 mo. Of the 127 participants (95 women, 32 men, 95.5 +/- 15.4 kg, body mass index 33.4 +/- 3.4 kg/m(2) 50.0 +/- 12.4 y), 82 completed the 6-mo study and 72 of those completed the 12-mo study. Results: At 6 mo, weight loss was 9.5 +/- 5.8 kg compared with 11.0 +/- 6.0, GMP-WPI and SMP, respectively, and 9.9 +/- 8.8 kg compared with 10.8 +/- 7.4 GMP-WPI and SMP, respectively, at 12 mo (P < 0.001 compared with baseline, at both timepoints) with no differences between treatments. Total and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, glucose, insulin, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased at 6 and 12 mo (all P < 0.01 compared with baseline with no difference between treatments). HDL cholesterol increased at 12 mo (P < 0.001 compared with baseline). Conclusions: Meal replacements containing GMP had no additional effect on the overall sustained 12-mo weight loss of 10 kg. There were improvements in cardiovascular disease risk markers.
Effect of 8 week intake of probiotic milk products on risk factors for cardiovascular diseases; Objective: To investigate the effect of a probiotic milk product containing the culture CAUSIDO(R) and of two alternative products on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in overweight and obese subjects. Design: An 8 week randomized, double-blind, placebo- and compliance-controlled, parallel study. Subjects: Seventy healthy, weight-stable, overweight and obese (25.0 < BMI < 37.5 kg/m(2)) males (n = 20) and females (n = 50), 18-55y old, were randomly assigned into five groups. Intervention: Four groups consumed 450 ml fermented milk products (yoghurt) daily. Group 1: a yoghurt fermented with two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus and two strains of Lactobacillus acidophilus (StLa). Group 2: a placebo yoghurt fermented with delta-acid-lactone (PY). Group 3: a yoghurt fermented with two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus and one strain of Lactobacillus rhamnosus (StLr). Group 4: a yoghurt fermented with one strain of Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus (CAUSIDO(R) culture), GAIO(R) (G). The dietary composition of the yoghurt was otherwise similar. The fifth group was given two placebo pills (PP) daily. Results: When comparing all five treatment groups, unadjusted for changes in body weight, no statistical effects were observed in week 8 in the G-group on low density lipoproteins (LDL)-cholesterol (P = 0.29). After adjustment for small changes in body weight, LDL-cholesterol decreased by 8.4% (0.26+/-0.10 mmol/l; P < 0.05) and fibrinogen increased (0.74+/-0.32 mmol/l; P < 0.05) after 8 weeks in the G-group. This was significantly different from the group consuming chemically fermented yoghurt and the group consuming placebo pills (P < 0.05). After 8 weeks, systolic blood pressure was significantly more reduced in the StLa and G-group compared to StLr. No other differences were found. Conclusion: The CAUSIDO(R) culture reduced LDL-cholesterol and increased fibrinogen in the overweight subjects at a 450 ml consumption daily for 8 weeks. The effect on LDL-cholesterol confirms previous studies. An immunostimulation by one of the strains in the product might explain the effect on fibrinogen in the G-group. Sponsorship: MD Foods A/S, Denmark.
Effect of Maternal Diet and Medium Chain Fatty Acids Supplementation for Piglets on Their Digestive Tract Development, Structure, and Chyme Acidity as Well as Performance and Health Status; Simple Summary Weaning is the most critical period of piglet rearing. During this time, pigs have not yet fully developed their intestinal tract and immune system; therefore, they are an easy target for pathogenic microorganisms that cause gastrointestinal diseases. In the last decade, several nutritional factors were studied to prevent gastrointestinal disorders in piglets. The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of oils for sows during late pregnancy and lactation on offspring performance. In addition, the study determined the effect of caprylic acid or medium-chain triglyceride oil in piglets' feed on their intestinal structure development, fatty acids content of chyme, productive performance, and health status. Summarizing, the study showed that coconut oil fed to pregnant and lactating sows can markedly reduce the mortality of piglets during the weaning period and that caprylic acid and medium-chain fatty acid oil can be a good feed supplement in weaned piglet feed. The nutritional factors tested in the present study could be used in the diet of sows and piglets to improve the health of piglets and thus the efficiency of pig production. Abstract The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of oils for sows during late pregnancy and lactation on offspring performance. In addition, the effect of caprylic acid (C8) or medium-chain triglyceride oil (MCT) in piglets' feed on their gut development, performance, and health status was determined. The experiment was conducted on 24 sows allocated to two treatments: diet with rapeseed oil or with coconut oil. Newborn piglets were randomly allocated to three treatments: feed with no supplement or supplemented with 0.3% MCT or with 0.3% C8. The results showed that both oils had no effect on sow reproductive rates; however, fatty acid patterns of milk differed significantly and the number of lost piglets was lower in sow fed with coconut oil. Both caprylic and MCT oil significantly improved piglet performance and villus height. These additives did not change triacylglycerol content in blood, but C8 lowered total cholesterol and MCT increased IgG content. It can be concluded that coconut oil fed to pregnant and lactating sows can markedly reduce the mortality of piglets and that caprylic acid and medium-chain fatty acid oil can be a good supplement in weaned piglet feed.
Skim milk powder enhances trabecular bone architecture compared with casein or whey in diet-induced obese rats; Objective: We previously showed that skim milk powder (SMP) prevents weight gain more so than casein or whey alone. Dairy foods and changes in body mass can affect bone architecture; therefore, our objective was to examine the effect of dairy proteins on bone structure in the tibia of dietary-induced obese rats. Methods: Twelve-week-old diet-induced obese Sprague-Dawley rats were randomized to one of six diets that varied in protein source (casein, whey, or SMP), Ca level (0.67% or 2.4%), and energy density (high-fat/high-sucrose [HFHS], or normal energy density [NE]). After 8 wk, body composition was assessed via dual energy x-ray absorptiometry and trabecular and cortical bone parameters of the tibia were assessed using micro-computed tomography and mixed model analysis. Results: Rats fed SMP with 2.4% calcium had significantly lower body mass and fat mass than all other groups. The ratio of bone volume to total volume (BV/TV) was significantly higher when the HFHS diet was supplemented with SMP and 2.4% calcium compared with whey (+66.7%) or casein (+32.6%). The HMS diet group had 49.3% greater BV/TV compared with the NE groups. Increasing the amount of calcium resulted in a significant increase in BV/TV (188.9%) in the HFHS diet groups but not in the NE groups. Conclusion: The intake of skim milk powder supplemented with calcium enhances trabecular bone architecture in obese rats consuming HFHS diet to a greater extent than with either casein or whey protein alone. Bioactive ingredients in complete dairy may contribute to these effects. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
LOWERING OF HDL2-CHOLESTEROL AND LIPOPROTEIN-A-I PARTICLE LEVELS BY INCREASING THE RATIO OF POLYUNSATURATED TO SATURATED FATTY-ACIDS; The protective role of high-density lipoproteins (HDLs) has been attributed to the subfractions HDL2 (according to the density) and lipoprotein A-I (LpA-I) (according to the composition in apolipoproteins).  We investigated the effect of a high ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids (P:S) on these subfractions in a homogeneous group of young adult males.  Two prescribed diets were consumed successively at the subjects' homes for 3 wk each in a random order; one diet contained 70 g butter (P:S 0.2, diet B), the other contained 70 g sunflower margarine (P:S 1.1, diet M).  Total calorie, fat, and cholesterol intakes were similar for the two diets.  Cholesterol and apolipoprotein B in serum and in low-density lipoproteins (LDLs) were lower with diet M than with diet B.  However, significant decreases in protective subfractions of HDL, HDL2, and LpA-I were observed.  This undesirable effect of the diet with a high P:S could cancel the benefits of lowering the LDL-cholesterol concentrations.
Plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreases blood cholesterol concentrations in Chinese adults: a randomised controlled trial; The cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterols in a format suitable for use in China have not previously been investigated. We conducted the study to quantify in adult Chinese the effects on blood lipid concentrations of a plant sterol-enriched milk tea powder. The study was a double-blind, randomised trial in which 309 participants were randomised to receive daily 2.3 or 1.5 g plant sterol supplementation or placebo for 5 weeks. The milk tea was consumed with the two fattiest meals of the day with half the assigned daily dose taken on each occasion. Fasting venous blood samples were collected before commencement and upon completion of randomised treatment. The mean age of study participants was 44 years, 62 % were female and 62 % had a history of hypercholesterolaemia. Baseline mean total cholesterol was 5.5 mmol/l and LDL-cholesterol was 3.2 mmol/l. Compared with placebo, the 2.3 g/d plant sterol dose reduced total cholesterol by 0.25 (95 % Cl 0.07, 0.43) mmol/l (P=0.01) and the 1.5 g/d dose by 0.23 (95 % Cl 0.06, 0.41) mmol/l (P=0.01). For LDL-cholesterol the corresponding reductions were 0.17 (95 % Cl 0.00, 0.35) mmolA (P= 0.06) and 0.15 (95 % Cl - 0.02, 0.32) mmol/l (P= 0.08). For neither outcome was there evidence of differences between the effects of the two doses (both P values >0.4). In conclusion, the consumption of plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreased cholesterol concentrations although to a lesser extent than was anticipated. The reason for reduced efficacy is unclear but may be attributable to the novel food format used or the Chinese population studied.
A combination of single nucleotide polymorphisms is associated with the interindividual variability in the blood lipid response to dietary fatty acid consumption in a randomized clinical trial; Background: Blood lipid concentrations display high interindividual variability in response to dietary interventions, partly due to genetic factors. Existing studies have focused on single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) analyzed individually, which only explain a limited fraction of the variability of these complex phenotypes. Objective: We aimed to identify combinations of SNPs associated with the variability in LDL cholesterol and triglyceride (TG) concentration changes following 5 dietary interventions. Design: In a multicenter randomized crossover trial, 92 participants with elevated waist circumference and low HDL cholesterol concentrations consumed 5 isoenergetic diets for 4 wk: a diet rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) from cheese, SFA from butter, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and a diet higher in carbohydrates (CHO). The association between 22 candidate SNPs in genes involved in lipid and bile acid metabolism and transport and changes in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations was assessed with univariate statistics followed by partial least squares regression. Results: Endpoint LDL cholesterol concentrations were significantly different (cheese: 3.18 +/- 0.04, butter: 3.31 +/- 0.04, MUFA: 3.00 +/- 0.04, PUFA: 2.81 +/- 0.04, CHO: 3.11 +/- 0.04 mmol/L; P < 0.001) while endpoint TG concentrations were not (P = 0.117). Both displayed consistently elevated interindividual variability following the dietary interventions (CVs of 34.5 +/- 2.2% and 55.8 +/- 1.8%, respectively). Among the 22 candidate SNPs, only ABCA1-rs2066714 and apolipoprotein E (APOE) isoforms exhibited consistent significant effects, namely on LDL cholesterol concentrations. However, several SNPs were significantly associated with changes in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations in a diet-specific fashion. Generated multivariate models explained from 16.0 to 33.6% of the interindividual variability in LDL cholesterol concentration changes and from 17.5 to 32.0% of that in TG concentration changes. Conclusions: We report combinations of SNPs associated with a significant part of the variability in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations following dietary interventions differing in their fatty acid profiles.
Continuous Dose-Response Relationship of the LDL-Cholesterol-Lowering Effect of Phytosterol Intake; Phytosterols (plant sterols and stanols) are well known for their LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C)-lowering effect. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in adults was performed to establish a continuous dose-response relationship that would allow predicting the LDL-C-lowering efficacy of different phytosterol doses. Eighty-four trials including 141 trial arms were included. A nonlinear equation comprising 2 parameters (the maximal LDL-C lowering and an incremental dose step) was used to describe the dose-response curve. The overall pooled absolute (mmol/L) and relative M) LDL-C-lowering effects of phytosterols were also assessed with a random effects model. The pooled LDL-C reduction was 0.34 mmol/L (95% Cl: -0.36, -0.31) or 8.8% (95% CI: -9A -8.3) for a mean daily dose of 2.15 g phytosterols. The impacts of subject baseline characteristics, food formats, type of phytosterols, and study quality on the continuous dose-response curve were determined by regression or subgroup analyses. Higher baseline LDL-C concentrations resulted in greater absolute LDL-C reductions. No significant differences were found between dose-response curves established for plant sterols vs. stanols, fat-based vs. non fat-based food formats and dairy vs. nondairy foods. A larger effect was observed with solid foods than with liquid foods only at high phytosterol doses (>2 g/d). There was a strong tendency (P = 0.054) towards a slightly lower efficacy of single vs. multiple daily intakes of phytosterols. In conclusion, the dose-dependent LDL-C-lowering efficacy of phytosterols incorporated in various food formats was confirmed and equations of the continuous relationship were established to predict the effect of a given phytosterol dose. Further investigations are warranted to investigate the impact of solid vs. liquid food formats and frequency of intake on phytosterol efficacy. J. Nutr. 139: 271-284, 2009.
The beneficial effects of <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>reuteri</i> ADR-1 or ADR-3 consumption on type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial; Probiotics have been reported to ameliorate symptoms of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in animal models and human studies. We previously demonstrated that oral administration of Lactobacillus reuteri ADR-3 reduced insulin resistance in high-fructose-fed (HFD) rats. In the present study, we first identified another L. reuteri strain, ADR-1, which displayed anti-diabetes activity that reduced the levels of serum HbA1c and cholesterol and that increased antioxidant proteins in HFD rats. We further performed a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial with a total of 68 T2DM patients to examine the beneficial effects of oral consumption of L. reuteri strains ADR-1 and ADR-3 and to investigate the associated changes in intestinal flora using a quantitative PCR method to analyze 16 S rRNA in fecal specimens. Significant reductions in HbA1c and serum cholesterol were observed in participants in the live ADR-1 consumption group (n = 22) after 3 months of intake when compared with those in the placebo group (n = 22). Although there was no significant difference in the HbA1c serum level among participants who consumed heat-killed ADR-3 (n = 24), the systolic blood pressure and mean blood pressure were significantly decreased after 6 months of intake. There was no obvious change in serum inflammatory cytokines or antioxidant proteins in participants after intaking ADR-1 or ADR-3, except for a reduction in IL-1 beta in the ADR-3 consumption group after 6 months of intake. With the analysis of fecal microflora, we found that L. reuteri or Bifidobacterium spp. were significantly increased in the ADR-1 and ADR-3 consumption groups, respectively, after 6 months of intake. Interestingly, a significant reduction in HbA1c was observed in the ADR-1 and ADR-3 consumption participants who displayed at least an 8-fold increase in fecal L. reuteri. We also observed that there was a significantly positive correlation between Bifidobacterium spp. and Lactobacillus spp. in participants with increased levels of fecal L. reuteri. In the ADR-1 intake group, the fecal Lactobacillus spp. level displayed a positive correlation with Bifidobacterium spp. but was negatively correlated with Bacteroidetes. The total level of fecal L. reuteri in participants in the ADR-3 consumption group was positively correlated with Firmicutes. In conclusion, L. reuteri strains ADR-1 and ADR-3 have beneficial effects on T2DM patients, and the consumption of different strains of L. reuteri may influence changes in intestinal flora, which may lead to different outcomes after probiotic intake.
DASH Diet, Insulin Resistance, and Serum hs-CRP in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; This study was designed to assess the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance and serum hsCRP in overweight and obese women with PCOS. This randomized controlled clinical trial was done on 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 24) for 8 weeks. The DASH diet consisted of 52 % carbohydrates, 18 % proteins, and 30 % total fats. It was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets. Sodium content of the DASH diet was designed to be less than 2 400 mg/day. The control diet was also designed to contain 52 % carbohydrates, 18 % protein, and 30 % total fat. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8 weeks intervention to measure -insulin resistance and serum hs-CRP levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the -control diet, resulted in a significant reduction of serum insulin levels (-1.88 vs. 2.89 mu IU/ml, p = 0.03), HOMA-IR score (-0.45 vs. 0.80; p = 0.01), and serum hs-CRP levels (-763.29 vs. 665.95 ng/ml, p = 0.009). Additionally, a significant reduction in waist (-5.2 vs. -2.1 cm; p = 0.003) and hip circumference (-5.9 vs. -1 cm; p < 0.0001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 8 weeks in overweight and obese women with PCOS resulted in the improvement of insulin resistance, serum hsCRP levels, and abdominal fat accumulation.
Dietary Milk Fat Globule Membrane Reduces the Incidence of Aberrant Crypt Foci in Fischer-344 Rats; Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) is a biopolymer composed primarily of membrane proteins and lipids that surround the fat globules in milk. Although it is considered to have potential as a bioactive ingredient, few feeding studies have been conducted to measure its potential benefits. The aim of this investigation was to determine if dietary MFGM confers protection against colon carcinogenesis compared to diets containing corn oil (CO) or anhydrous milk fat (AMF). Male, weanling Fischer-344 rats were randomly assigned to one of three dietary treatments that differed only in the fat source: (1) AIN-76A diet, corn oil; (2) AIN-76A diet, AMF; and (3) AIN-76A diet, 50% MFGM, 50% AMF Each diet contained 50 g/kg diet of fat. With the exception of the fat source, diets were formulated to be identical in macro and micro nutrient content. Animals were injected with 1,2dimethylhydrazine once per week at weeks 3 and 4, and fed experimental diets for a total of 13 weeks. Over the course of the study dietary treatment did not affect food consumption, weight gain or body composition. After 13 weeks animals were sacrificed, colons were removed and aberrant crypt foci (ACF) were counted by microscopy. Rats fed the MFGM diet (n = 16) had significantly fewer ACF (20.9 +/- 5.7) compared to rats fed corn oil (n = 17) or AMF (n = 16) diets (31.3 +/- 9.5 and 29.8 +/- 11.4 respectively; P < 0.05). Gene expression analysis of colonic mucosa did not reveal differential expression of candidate colon cancer genes, and the sphingolipid profile of the colonic mucosa was not affected by diet. While there were notable and significant differences in plasma and red blood cell lipids, there was no relationship to the cancer protection. These results support previous findings that dietary sphingolipids are protective against colon carcinogenesis yet extend this finding to MFGM, a milk fat fraction available as a food ingredient.
Isolated soya protein with standardised levels of isoflavones, cotyledon soya fibres and soya phospholipids improves plasma lipids in hypercholesterolaemia: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of a yoghurt formulation; The objective was to study whether a yoghurt containing isolated soya protein with standardised levels of isoflavones, cotyledon soya fibres and soya phospholipids is more effective in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol than a placebo. One hundred and forty-three subjects were randomised to the soya group (n 69) or to the placebo (n 74). The mean baseline levels were 7.6 and 5.1 mmol/l for total and LDL-cholesterol, respectively. Fasting serum lipoproteins were assessed five times during the 8-week intervention period, and 4 weeks thereafter. The results were analysed by a mixed model for unbalanced repeated measurements. During the intervention, there were highly significant differences in lipid-lowering effect in favour of the active soya intervention group compared with the control group. The significant differences were for total cholesterol (estimated mean difference 0.40 mmol/l; P< 0.001), LDL-cholesterol (0.39 mmol/l; P< 0.001), non-HDL-cholesterol (0.40 mmol/l; P<0.001) and for the total: HDL-cholesterol ratio (0.23; P=0.005). There was no difference in the effects on HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols or homocysteine. The lipid-lowering effect occurred within 1-2 weeks of intervention, and was not due to weight loss. The safety profile for active soya was similar to the placebo group, except for gastrointestinal symptoms, which caused a significantly higher dropout rate (fourteen v. three subjects) among the subjects taking active soya.
Effect of soy protein containing isoflavones on blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dietary intake of soy protein with isoflavones may be associated with reductions in serum cholesterol. Objectives: To compare the effects of a water-washed soy protein concentrate with a milk-protein based control on blood lipid levels in hyperlipidemic men and women. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial including 159 subjects. After a 3-week run-in period during which all subjects consumed a milk protein-based supplement, participants were randomized into one of two groups: a control group (continued milk protein) and an intervention group (soy protein) for a five-week period. Fasting venous blood draws for lipid measurement were obtained at baseline, towards the-end of the run-in period and at the end of the intervention. Blood isoflavone concentrations were measured at the end of the study. Results: Blood lipid levels were not significantly different between groups at any point in time; and there were no significant associations between blood isoflavones and lipid levels. Significant decreases in total cholesterol (19 mg/dL), and LDL-cholesterol (11 mg/dL), were observed during the run-in period, with no further decreases in lipids during the intervention period in either group. Conclusions: These results do not support the hypothesis that water-washed soy protein has an effect on blood lipids. Several hypotheses are discussed, highlighting the selective nature of the effect of soy consumption in the population. The cholesterol-lowering effect during the run-in period may be explained by the "regression to the mean effect" and by other factors related to study participation, mainly nutrient displacement induced by the protein supplement.
A food-based dietary strategy lowers blood pressure in a low socio-economic setting: a randomised study in South Africa; Objective: To assess the impact of a food-based intervention on blood pressure (BP) in free-living South African men and women aged 50-75 years, with drug-treated mild-to-moderate hypertension. Methods: A double-blind controlled trial was undertaken in eighty drug-treated mild-to-moderate hypertensive subjects randomised to an intervention (n 40) or control (n 40) arm. The intervention was 8-week provision of six food items with a modified cation content (salt replacement (SOLO (TM)), bread, margarine, stock cubes, soup mix and a flavour enhancer) and 500 ml of mass (fermented milk)/d. The control diet provided the same quantities of the targeted foods but of standard commercial composition and 500 ml/d of artificially sweetened cooldrink. Findings: The intervention effect estimated as the contrast of the within-diet group changes in BP from baseline to post-intervention was a significant reduction of 6.2 mmHg (95% CI 0.9, 11.4) for systolic BP. The largest intervention effect in 24 h BP was for wake systolic BP with a reduction of 5.1 mmHg (95% CI 0.4, 9.9). For wake diastolic BP the reduction was 2.7 mmHg (95% CI -0.2, 5.6). Conclusions: Modification of the cation content of a limited number of commonly consumed foods lowers BP by a clinically significant magnitude in treated South African hypertensive patients of low socio-economic status. The magnitude of BP reduction provides motivation for a public health strategy that could be adopted through lobbying of the food industry by consumer and health agencies.
Effect of probiotic supplementation on growth, nitrogen utilisation and serum cholesterol in broilers; 1. The effect of dietary probiotic supplementation on the growth, nitrogen utilisation and serum cholesterol content of broiler chickens was studied in 2 trials. 2. In experiment 1, the birds receiving the 0, 75, 100, 125 mg probiotic/kg diets had weight gains of 1204.0, 1272.0, 1268.3 and 1210.5 g, respectively at the end of 8 weeks of feeding. The group of birds fed on the 75 mg probiotic supplemented diet retained significantly (P<0.01) more nitrogen than the control birds. Serum cholesterol content was lower in the probiotic-supplemented birds (93.3 mg /100 ml) compared to the control birds (132.2 mg/100 ml). 3. In the second experiment the probiotic plus antibiotic-supplemented group of birds had the maximum weight gain (1148.5 g) followed by antibiotic (1141.3 g), probiotic-supplemented (1128.4 g) and control birds (1045.6 g) after 6 weeks. Nitrogen retention was greatest in the antibiotic-(48.5%) followed by the probiotic-(46.5%), probiotic plus antibiotic-supplemented groups (46.3%) compared to 40.2% in control birds. 4. The apparent metabolisable energy was greatest in birds receiving the probiotic plus antibiotic-supplemented diet (12.37 MJ/kg) followed by antibiotic-(12.00 MJ/kg), probiotic-supplemented birds (11.92 MJ/kg) than in control birds (11.62 MJ/kg). Serum cholesterol was significantly (P<0.01) lower in probiotic-supplemented birds (86.1 mg /dl) compared to 118.4 mg/dl in control birds.
SATURATED FATS AND BLOOD-LIPIDS - NEW SLANT ON AN OLD STORY; In recent years the association between dietary saturated fat, hypercholesterolemia, and coronary artery disease has been re-explored. Prompted largely by the notion that dietary fats, and their attendant fatty acids, can specifically influence the distribution of the plasma cholesterol between low density (LDL) and high density (HDL) lipoprotein cholesterol, the focus of the original research has shifted from total cholesterol to lipoproteins. Several new, sometimes controversial, concepts have arisen that challenge underlying assumptions of the Keys-Hegsted regression equations. First, although saturated fats as a class raise LDL, they also appear to have primary responsibility among dietary fatty acids for raising HDL, possibly depending on a balanced intake of polyunsaturated fats. Second, not all saturated fatty acids are equally responsible for changes in LDL or HDL. Only natural triglycerides (TG) rich in lauric (12:0) and myristic (14:0) acids are especially cholesterolemic, whereas 16:0-rich fats can be neutral or cholesterol-raising depending on the metabolic circum-stances (Lipoprotein setpoint) of the host. In normolipemic individuals with normal lipoprotein metabolism, dietary palmitic acid (16:0) typically appears neutral. When lipoprotein metabolism is impaired, eg, if LDL receptor:activity is depressed by the presence of dietary cholesterol, consumption of 16:0-rich TGs can contribute to hypercholesterolemia. Although stearic acid (18:0) is typically considered neutral, exaggerated consumption of 18:0-rich fat (cocoa butter) lowers both LDL and HDL. Third, the saturated fat effect is related both to the dietary cholesterol load and the lipoprotein setpoint of the host, eg, 16:0 becomes progressively cholesterolemic as dietary cholesterol raises the setpoint. But the story is not so simple because evidence suggests that fatty-acids, per se, do not completely account for the differences observed. Rather, the whole TG molecule must be considered and positioning of saturates on the TG molecule as well as any accompanying unsaturated fatty acids appear to influence the outcome in certain circumstances. Modified or arbitrarily restructured (eg, randomly inter- or intra-esterified) TG molecules can generate responses that differ from the same fatty acid profile provided as natural TGs. These several complicated and inter-related variables will be resolved only after methodical and tedious experimentation. in appropriate animal and cell models prior to their ultimate evaluation in humans.
The effect of using synbiotic on weight loss, body fat percentage and anthropometric measures in obese women; Objective: This is a randomly controlled, synchronously done, single-blind study which aims to investigate the effects of synbiotic use on anthropometric measurements and energy intake. Materials and Methods: Sixty-one not compliant with diet and exercise recommendations, sedentary obese women (BMI: 30-39.9 kg/m(2)) who fulfilled inclusion criteria, aged between 18 and 48 randomly categorized into synbiotic(n=30) or control(n=31) group. The synbiotic and control groups consumed 1 synbiotic capsule/day or 1 placebo capsule/day during 6 weeks, respectively, without changing the ongoing diet. Anthropometric measurements (body weight, body mass index, waist circumference, hip circumference, waist / hip ratio and body fat ratio) are done at the beginning, at 3th week and at 6th week. Also, 24 hours of their food consumption are recorded at the beginning of the study and once a week during the study. Results: Repeated measurements of body weight, body fat ratio, waist circumference, hip circumference, and the calculations of body mass index and waist/hip ratio are analyzed with mixed effect linear model and therefore, the interaction terms with group and time effects are not found significantly (p> 0.05). No difference (increase or decrease) are observed in energy intake of participants in two groups at the beginning and during the study (p> 0.05). Conclusion: Synbiotic supplement did not change antropometric measures, body composition and daily energy intake in not compliant with diet and exercise recommendations obese women. Further studies are needed to indicate the effects of Synbiotic use in obesity treatment.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension: A summary of study results; The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension multicenter trial examined the impact of dietary patterns on blood pressure in 459 adults with blood pressure <160 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. After a 3-week run-in period on a control diet low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and with a fat content typical for Americans, participants were randomized for 8 weeks to either the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a combination diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products. Body weight and sodium intake were held constant, and physical activity did not change during the intervention. Baseline mean+/-standard deviation systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3+/-10.8 mm Hg and 84.7+/-4.7 mm Hg, respectively. Relative to the control diet, the combination diet reduced blood pressure by 5.5 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure by 3.0 mm Hg (P<.001). For those on the fruits and vegetables diet, blood pressure reductions relative to control were 2.8 mm Hg systolic (P<.001) and 1.1 mm Hg diastolic (P<.07). in 133 participants with hypertension, the combination diet produced a net blood pressure reduction of 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg systolic and diastolic, respectively (P<.001). In participants without hypertension (n=326), the corresponding blood pressure reductions were 3.5 mm Hg systolic (P<.001) and 2.1 mm Hg diastolic (P<.003). In other subgroup analyses, minorities showed relatively larger reductions in blood pressure than nonminorities (P<.001). We conclude that the dietary pattern reflected in the combination diet can substantially reduce blood pressure, and, accordingly, provides an additional lifestyle approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
Effects of Probiotics and Synbiotics on Obesity, Insulin Resistance Syndrome, Type 2 Diabetes and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Review of Human Clinical Trials; The use of probiotics and synbiotics in the prevention and treatment of different disorders has dramatically increased over the last decade. Both probiotics and synbiotics are well known ingredients of functional foods and nutraceuticals and may provide beneficial health effects because they can influence the intestinal microbial ecology and immunity. The present study reviews the effects of probiotics and synbiotics on obesity, insulin resistance syndrome (IRS), type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in human randomized clinical trials. Select probiotics and synbiotics provided beneficial effects in patients with obesity, mainly affecting the body mass index and fat mass. Some probiotics had beneficial effects on IRS, decreasing the cell adhesion molecule-1 levels, and the synbiotics decreased the insulin resistance and plasma lipid levels. Moreover, select probiotics improved the carbohydrate metabolism, fasting blood glucose, insulin sensitivity and antioxidant status and also reduced metabolic stress in subjects with T2D. Some probiotics and synbiotics improved the liver and metabolic parameters in patients with NAFLD. The oral intake of probiotics and synbiotics as co-adjuvants for the prevention and treatment of obesity, IRS, T2D and NAFLD is partially supported by the data shown in the present review. However, further studies are required to understand the precise mechanism of how probiotics and synbiotics affect these metabolic disorders.
Effect of fat supplementation on productive traits, pregnancy rates and some lipid metabolites in beef cows on range; In order to evaluate the effect of a supplementation with two sources of fat in beef cows on range, 120 adult females in two herds were used. One herd of 60 Charolais cows (A) and another herd of 60 Chinampo cows (B, local Creole) were fed (2 kg/cow/day) isoproteic concentrates (PC = 16.6%) with a similar content of ME (aprox. 3.0 Mcal/kg) during a 90 days period (initiating 30 days precalving), respectively. In each herd, cows were randomly assigned into three groups. The control groups (TE; n = 20) were fed a supplement containing 3.2% of fat. Another group of 20 cows per herd was fed a supplement containing additional fat (13.2%) as calcium soaps of fatty acids (JCAG). The third group (SB) within each herd (n = 20) was fed a supplement containing 13.4% of fat (bovine tallow). Orthogonal contrasts (TE vs SB + JCAG and SB vs JCAG) were used to compare the means of non categorical variables. In herd A, milk yield was greater at 35 (P<0.05) and 90 (P<0.01) days of lactation in cows fed supplemental fat (SB + JCAG) than TE treatment. In both herds, weight of calves at 35 and 90 days of age, body weight and body condition score of cows at 90 days postcalving were higher in SB + JCAG than TE (P<0.01). Serum cholesterol, high density lipoproteins, low density lipoproteins and triglycerides were greater in cows supplemented with fat (SB + JCAG) than TE treatment (P<0.01). Pregnancy rates in both herds were higher in fat supplemented cows (P<0.05). We concluded that additional fat incorporated in a range supplement during pre- and postpartum periods increased milk yield, growth of calves, body weight and condition score of cows, lipid metabolites and pregnancy rates.
Effect of Soybean Oil and Fish Oil on Lipid-Related Transcripts in Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue of Dairy Cows; Simple Summary The objective of this study was to determine the effects of degree of unsaturation of dietary lipids on lipid-related metabolites and transcription of genes involved in lipid metabolism in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) of mid-lactating dairy cows. The objective was achieved by supplementing dairy cows with soybean oil (high in linoleic acid) or fish oil (high in polyunsaturated fatty acids) for 63 days (nine weeks). Results revealed effects of oil supplement on lipid metabolism but a mild effect on the transcriptome of the adipose tissue. Compared to soybean oil, fish oil had a higher lipogenic effect in SAT. Abstract The objective of this study was to determine the effect of long-term supplementation of unsaturated oil on lipid metabolism and transcription of genes involved in lipid metabolism in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) of mid-lactating dairy cows. The objective was achieved by supplementing dairy cows with soybean oil (SO; high in linoleic acid) or fish oil (FO; high in EPA and DHA) for 63 days (nine weeks). Cows were fed a control diet with no added lipid, or diets containing SO or FO (n = 5 cows/group). At the onset of the experiment (day 0) and on days 21, 42, and 63 of supplementation, blood and SAT samples were collected from each animal. Oil supplementation increased cholesterol and NEFA in plasma, with a greater effect of SO compared to FO. Concentration of BUN was lower in SO compared to control and FO at the end of the trial. Transcription of few genes was affected by dietary lipids: FABP4 had lowest expression in FO followed by SO and control. ACACA and FASN had higher expression in FO. Transcription of SCAP was higher but expression of INSIG1 was lower in SO. Overall, results revealed that compared to control, SO and FO had lipogenic effect in SAT.
Effects of energy source in milk replacer on glucose metabolism of neonatal dairy calves; Milk replacers (MR) formulated to contain more lactose than whole milk could potentially reduce insulin sensitivity in dairy calves. This study evaluated how partially replacing lactose in MR with fat on a weight/weight basis affects glucose-insulin kinetics in neonatal dairy calves fed high quantities of MR. Thirty-four Holstein bull calves were blocked by dam parity (1.6 +/- 0.3) and randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments (n = 17): a high-lactose MR (HL; 46.1% lactose, 18.0% crude fat, and 23.9% crude protein on a dry matter basis) or a high fat MR (HF; 39.9% lactose, 24.6% crude fat, and 24.0% crude protein on a dry matter basis). Calves were individually housed and fed pooled colostrum at 1.5 h and 12 h postnatal at 18 and 9% of metabolic body weight (BW0.75), respectively. From 24 h postnatal until the end of the study (d 7), calves were transitioned to MR (prepared at 150 g/L) at 18% of BW0.75 twice daily at 0700 and 1900 h. On d 4, an insulin-modified intravenous glucose tolerance test was conducted 8 h after the morning meal by intravenous infusion of glucose (0.54 g/kg of BW0.75, min 0) and insulin (3.9 mu g/kg of BW0.75, min 20). During postprandial sampling on d 6, abomasal emptying was assessed by dosing acetaminophen (0.13 g/kg of BW0.75) with MR and measuring its appearance within plasma. Sequential blood samples were collected and analyzed for plasma glucose, insulin, and acetaminophen concentrations. Calves were killed on d 7 and liver and pancreatic tissues were collected for histomorphological analysis. Partially replacing lactose in MR with fat increased body weight gain (679.6 vs. 462.0 +/- 69.68 g/d) and gain:metabolizable energy intake (186.6 vs. 120.5 +/- 20.21 g of body weight/Mcal) compared with feeding HL MR. Furthermore, abomasal emptying rate was reduced in calves fed HF MR. Calculated variables based on postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations, such as maximum concentration or area under the curve, were or tended to be lower in HF than in HL calves. Postprandial insulin sensitivity tended to be reduced in HL compared with HF, although insulin sensitivity estimated from the insulin-modified intravenous glucose tolerance test was not different. Calves fed HF MR showed enhanced glucose-stimulated insulin secretion. In conclusion, partially replacing lactose in MR with fat resulted in smaller fluctuations in postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations and tended to increase postprandial but not fasting insulin sensitivity in neonatal dairy calves.
Effects of probiotic supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolemia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trial; The aim of this meta-analysis was to assess the effects of probiotic consumption on the lipid profiles of hypercholesterolemic patients in randomized controlled trials (RCT). We performed systematic searches in The Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Medline and Google Scholar for relevant studies published up to March 2020. Of the 2346 reports that were screened, 13 randomized clinical trials were selected. The pooled data revealed that probiotic supplementation significantly (p < 0.05) decreased total cholesterol (TC) [n = 20; standardized mean difference (SMD) = -0.30; 95% confidence interval (CI): -0.43, - 0.16; p < 0.0001] and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels (n = 20; SMD = -0.32; 95% CI: -0.46, -0.19; p < 0.00001) in hypercholesterolemic patients. We found that the administration of probiotics counteracted some aspects of dyslipidemia in hypercholesterolemic patients.
Far-off and close-up dry matter intake modulate indicators of immunometabolic adaptations to lactation in subcutaneous adipose tissue of pasture-based transition dairy cows; The common practice of increasing dietary energy density during the close-up dry period (last similar to 3 wk prepartum) has been recently associated with a higher incidence of metabolic disorders after calving. Despite these reports, over-feeding of metabolizable energy (ME) during the far-off, nonlactating period is a common management policy aimed at achieving optimum calving body condition score (BCS) in pasture-based systems, as cows are generally thinner than total mixed ration cows at the end of lactation. Our hypothesis was that both far-off and close-up overfeeding influence the peripartum adipose tissue changes associated with energy balance and inflammatory state. Sixty mid lactation, grazing dairy cows of mixed age and breed were randomly allocated to 1 of 2 groups that were managed through late lactation to achieve a low and high BCS (approximately 4.25 and 5.0 on a 10-point scale) at dry-off. The low BCS cows were then overfed ME to ensure that they achieved the same BCS as the higher BCS group by calving. Within each rate of BCS gain treatment, cows were offered 65, 90, or 120% of their pre-calving ME requirements for 3 wk pre-calving in a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement of treatments (i.e., 10 cows/treatment). Subcutaneous adipose tissue was collected via biopsy at -1, 1, and 4 wk relative to parturition. Quantitative PCR was used to measure mRNA and microRNA expression of targets related to adipogenesis and inflammation. Cows overfed in the far-off period had increased expression of miR-143 and miR-378 prepartum (-1 wk) indicating greater adipogenesis, consistent with their rapid gain in BCS following dry-off. Furthermore, the lower postpartum expression of IL6, TNF, TLR4, TLR9, and miR-145, and a higher abundance of miR-99a indicated lower body fat mobilization in early lactation in the same group. In the close-up period, feeding either 65 or 120% of ME requirements caused changes in FASN, IL1B, IL6R, TLR9, and the microRNA miR-143, miR-155, and miR-378. Their respective expression patterns indicate a tentative negative-feedback mechanism in metabolically compromised, feed-restricted cows, and a possible immune-related stimulation of lipolysis in apparently static adipocytes in overfed cows. Data from cows fed 90% of ME requirements indicate the existence of a balance between lipolytic (inflammatory-related) and anti-lipolytic signals, to prime the mobilization machinery in light of imminent lactation. Overall, results indicate that far-off dry cow nutrition influences peripartum adipose tissue metabolism, with neither strategy negatively affecting the physiological adaptation to lactation. Furthermore, to ensure a favorable transition, cows should be subjected to a small feed restriction in the close-up period, irrespective of far-off nutritional management.
Improving women's diet quality preconceptionally and during gestation: effects on birth weight and prevalence of low birth weight-a randomized controlled efficacy trial in India (Mumbai Maternal Nutrition Project); Background: Low birth weight (LBW) is an important public health problem in undernourished populations. Objective: We tested whether improving women's dietary micronutrient quality before conception and throughout pregnancy increases birth weight in a high-risk Indian population. Design: The study was a nonblinded, individually randomized controlled trial. The intervention was a daily snack made from green leafy vegetables, fruit, and milk (treatment group) or low-micronutrient vegetables (potato and onion) (control group) from >= 90 d before pregnancy until delivery in addition to the usual diet. Treatment snacks contained 0.69 MJ of energy (controls: 0.37 MJ) and 10-23% of WHO Reference Nutrient Intakes of beta-carotene, riboflavin, folate, vitamin B-12, calcium, and iron (controls: 0-7%). The primary outcome was birth weight. Results: Of 6513 women randomly assigned, 2291 women became pregnant, 1962 women delivered live singleton newborns, and 1360 newborns were measured. In an intention-to-treat analysis, there was no overall increase in birth weight in the treatment group (+26 g; 955 CI: -15, 68 g; P = 0.22). There was an interaction (P < 0.001) between the allocation group and maternal prepregnant body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)) [birth-weight effect: 23, +34, and +96 g in lowest (<18.6), middle (18.6-21.8), and highest (>21.8) thirds of BMI, respectively]. In 1094 newborns whose mothers started supplementation >= 90 d before pregnancy (perprotocol analysis), birth weight was higher in the treatment group (+48 g; 95% CI: 1, 96 g; P = 0.046). Again, the effect increased with maternal BMI (-8, +79, and +113 g; P-interaction = 0.001). There were similar results for LBW (intention-to-treat OR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.66, 1.05; P = 0.10; per-protocol OR = 0.76; 95% CI: 0.59, 0.98; P = 0.03) but no effect on gestational age in either analysis. Conclusions: A daily snack providing additional green leafy vegetables, fruit, and milk before conception and throughout pregnancy had no overall effect on birth weight. Per-protocol and subgroup analyses indicated a possible increase in birth weight if the mother was supplemented >= 3 mo before conception and was not underweight.
Effects of different dietary ratio of physically effective neutral detergent fiber and metabolizable glucose on rumen fermentation, blood metabolites and growth performance of 8 to 10-month-old heifers; Objective: The present study was undertaken to determine an optimal balance between the amount of physically effective neutral detergent fiber (peNDF) to metabolizable glucose (MG) on rumen fermentation, blood metabolites and growth performance of 8 to 10-month-old heifers. Methods: A total of 15 healthy Holstein heifers weighing an average of 256 kg (8 month of age) were randomly assigned to three groups of five. Treatment diets consisted of the following three peNDF(8.0)/MG levels: 1.46 (Treatment A), 1.74 (Treatment B), and 2.08 (Treatment C). Results: The results showed that the ratio of peNDF(8.0)/MG affected rumen fermentation, blood metabolites and growth performance of heifers. The average daily gain of heifers tended to decrease as the ratio of peNDF(8.0)/MG increased (p = 0.07). The concentrations of blood urea nitrogen, triglyceride, and cholesterol increased significantly (p<0.05), while the highdensity lipoprotein concentration decreased (p<0.05). After feeding 2 h and 4 h, insulin concentration in Treatment A was greater than Treatment C (p<0.05). Propionate concentration had decreasing trend (p = 0.07); acetate to propionate ratio and non-glucogenic to glucogenic volatile fatty acid (NGR) increased significantly (p<0.05). In addition, the digestibility of dry matter, crude protein, neutral detergent fiber, and acid detergent fiber decreased significantly (p<0.05). Conclusion: The present investigation indicated that dietary peNDF(8.0)/MG ratio can affect the growth and development, blood metabolites, rumen fermentation and apparent digestibility of heifers, and the optimal dietary peNDF(8.0)/MG ratio for 8 to 10-month-old heifers in the present study was 1.46.
Consumers' sensory and nutritional perceptions of three types of milk; Objective: To identify consumer perceptions of whole milk, reduced-fat milk and soy milk, and to investigate demographic influences on perceptions and types of milk consumption. Design and setting: Questionnaires covering nutritional and sensory perceptions of three types of milk. Subjects: Three hundred and sixty-one randomly selected shoppers in Melbourne, Australia. Results: Generally, respondents held positive perceptions about milk. Milk was considered as having good sensory properties, providing a good source of nutrients, and being a convenient and safe product. However, despite these findings, misperceptions and unawareness about the nutrient content of milk were prevalent. Negative perceptions were most common for whole milk and were mostly related to its perceived high fat, cholesterol and energy contents. Soy milk received lower ratings on sensory quality and convenience than dairy milk. There were few sociodemographic differences in consumers' perceptions. Although reduced-fat milk consumption was more frequent among elderly people and type of milk consumption was related to parenthood, no other significant effects of demographic variables were found on the consumption of specific milk types. Conclusion: Although positive perceptions were common, negative perceptions and misperceptions appear to be prevalent, presenting a challenge for nutrition education. Sociodemographic factors were not shown to be important predictors of perceptions and type of milk consumption.
Regulation of Nutritional Metabolism in Transition Dairy Goats: Energy Balance, Liver Activity, and Insulin Resistance in Response to Berberine Supplementation; Simple Summary The transition period is largely marked by a decline in dry matter intake (DMI) that often leads to a negative energy balance (NEB) which, along with exaggerated insulin resistance (IR), increasing the mobilization of body fat reserves, leads to higher blood non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and/or beta-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA) concentrations. These confounding factors adversely affect animal health and lactation performance. This study evaluated the impact of pre- and post-partum berberine (BBR) supplementation as a novel approach to the regulation of nutritional metabolism in transition dairy goats. In summary, BBR supplementation (2 and 4 g/d) elevated the DMI and energy balance (EB) in pre- and post-partum goats, as well as enhancing liver activity indices, showing the potential of the new therapeutic strategy in the prevention of metabolic dysfunction in transition dairy goats and in attaining an improved lactation performance as well as health. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the alleviating effects of the isoquinoline alkaloid berberine (BBR) on the energy balance (EB), glucose and insulin metabolism, and liver functionality in transition dairy goats, as reflected by blood metabolites and enzymes. Twenty-four primiparous Saanen goats were randomly allocated to four groups. Goats in each group received, ad libitum, the same basal diet during the pre- and post-partum periods of evaluation. Goats received daily0, 1, 2, or 4 g BBR (coded as CON, BBR1, BBR2, and BBR4, respectively). Dry matter intake (DMI) and milk yield were recorded daily. Blood samples were collected on days -21, -14, -7, 0, 7, 14, and 21 relative to kidding, and individual body condition scores (BCSs) were also recorded. Supplementation with either BBR2 or BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) pre- and post-partum DMI, increasing (p < 0.05) the intakes of net energy for lactating and metabolizable proteins. BBR2 and BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) post-partum milk production as well as fat-corrected milk (FCM), energy-corrected milk (ECM), and feed efficiency, indicating the alleviating effect of BBR on the negative energy balance (NEB) in transition goats. The daily ingestion of either 2 or 4 g BBR reduced (p < 0.05) plasma aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and increased (p < 0.05) the dynamic change in the liver activity index (LAI) and liver functionality index (LFI), implying its hepatoprotective effect on transition goats. Overall, the results suggest that BBR supplementation of at least 2 g/d may help to ameliorate insulin resistance (IR) and fat metabolism disorders initiated by the NEB in transition dairy goats.
Differential impact of milk fatty acid profiles on cardiovascular risk biomarkers in healthy men and women; Background/Objectives: The objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of three specific ruminant (R) milk fats resulting from modification of the cow's diet on cardiovascular risk factors in healthy volunteers. R-milk fats were characterized by increased content in total trans fatty acids (R-TFAs) and parallel decrease in saturated fatty acids (SFAs). Subjects/Methods: A total of 111 healthy, normolipemic men and women have been recruited for a monocentric, randomized, double-blind and parallel intervention, 4-week controlled study. Volunteers consumed three experimental products (butter, dessert cream and cookies) made with one of the three specific milk fats (55 g fat per day). During the first week (run-in period), the subjects consumed on a daily basis dairy products containing 72% SFA/2.85% R-TFA (called 'L0'). For the next 3 weeks of the study (intervention period), the first group continued to consume L0 products. The second group received dairy products containing 63.3% SFA/4.06% R-TFA (called 'L4'), and the third group received dairy products containing 56.6% SFA/12.16% R-TFA (called 'L9'). Results: Plasma concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol were not significantly altered by either diet (P = 0.38). Compared to L0 diet, L4 diet contributed to reduce low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (-0.14 +/- 0.38 mmol/l, P = 0.04), total cholesterol (-0.13 +/- 0.50 mmol/l, P = 0.04), LDL-cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol (-0.14 +/- 0.36, P = 0.03) and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol (-0.18 +/- 0.44, P = 0.02). Conclusions: Different milk fat profiles can change cardiovascular plasma parameters in human healthy volunteers. A limited increase of the R-TFA/SFA ratio in dairy products is associated with an improvement in some cardiovascular risk factors. However, a further increase in R-TFA/SFA ratio has no additional benefit. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2010) 64, 752-759; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2010.73; published online 19 May 2010
Effect of a vegetable-oil emulsion on body composition; a 12-week study in overweight women on a meal replacement therapy after an initial weight loss: a randomized controlled trial; The maintenance of an obtained lower weight level is often found to be difficult. The aim of this study was to determine weight maintenance after an initial weight loss by consumption of a meal replacement with a vegetable-oil emulsion associated with prolonged satiety. After a 6-week weight loss period with very low calorie diet (VLCD), subjects with > 5% body weight (BW) loss were randomized to a 12-week weight maintenance follow-up period, comparing a partial meal replacement diet containing a vegetable-oil emulsion (test) or dairy fat (control). Anthropometric data and safety variables were collected at baseline and after 4, 8 and 12 weeks. A significant weight loss was observed during the 12-week weight maintenance diet in the test and control group, respectively; 1.0 +/- A 2.1 kg (p < 0.05) versus 1.3 +/- A 2.1 kg (p < 0.05) with no significant difference between the groups. Body fat mass (BFM) decreased significantly (p < 0.05) in the test group (-1.7%) compared to the control group (-0.8%). Addition of a vegetable-oil emulsion to a meal replacement weight maintenance program after an initial weight loss using VLCD was associated with decreased BFM by 0.9% without any change in BW between the two groups.
Effects of a multi-strain probiotic on growth, health, and fecal bacterial flora of neonatal dairy calves; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation with a multi-strain probiotic (MSP) product containing of Bifidobacterium animalis, Lactobacillus casei, Streptococcus faecalis, and Bacillus cerevisiae on growth, health, and fecal bacterial composition of dairy calves during the first month of life. Methods: Forty Holstein calves (24 female and 16 male) at 2 d of age were grouped by sex and date of birth then randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments: milk replacer supplementation with 0 g (0MSP), 2 g (2MSP), 4 g (4MSP), and 6 g (6MSP) MSP per calf per day. Results: Supplementation of MSP did not result in any significant differences in parameters of body measurements of calves during the 30 d period. As the dosage of MSP increased, the average daily gain (p = 0.025) and total dry matter intake (p = 0.020) of calves showed a linear increase. The fecal consistency index of the 2MSP, 4MSP, and 6MSP group calves were lower than that of the 0MSP group calves (p = 0.003). As the dosage of MSP increased, the concentrations of lactate dehydrogenase (p = 0.068) and aspartate aminotransferase (p = 0.081) in serum tended to decrease, whereas the concentration of total cholesterol increased quadratically (p = 0.021). The relative abundance of Dorea in feces was lower (p = 0.011) in the 2MSP, 4MSP, and 6MSP group calves than that in the 0MSP group calves. The relative abundance of Dorea (p = 0.001), Faecalibacterium (p = 0.050), and Mitsuokella (p = 0.030) decreased linearly, whereas the relative abundance of Prevotella tended to increase linearly as the dosage of MSP increased (p = 0.058). Conclusion: The MSP product can be used to reduce the diarrhea, improve the performance, and alter the composition of the fecal bacteria in neonatal dairy calves under the commercial conditions.
Anti-obesity properties of the strain <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> subsp <i>lactis</i> CECT 8145 in Zucker fatty rats; We evaluated the effect of oral administration of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 strain in Zucker fatty rats. The Zucker fatty rats were randomly divided into two groups (n=10 each) and administered either B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 (1010 cfu/day) suspended in skim milk, or skim milk alone (control group). Each treatment was administered in drinking bottles from week 5 until week 17 of age. A lean Zucker rat group (standard group) was included to provide normal values for the Zucker strain. This group was administered skim milk in the drinking bottle for the same experimental period as Zucker fatty rats. Body weight gain was greater in the fatty control group than in the fatty rats treated daily with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. Furthermore, dry and liquid food intake significantly decreased in the treated Zucker fatty group and these rats also showed decreased plasma ghrelin levels as compared with the Zucker fatty control group. B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 intake also decreased plasma tumour necrosis factor-a (a proinflammatory cytokine) and plasma malondialdehyde (a biomarker of oxidative stress). Moreover, the ratio plasma total cholesterol/plasma cholesterol transported by high-density lipoproteins, considered as an index for cardiovascular disease, also significantly decreased in the Zucker fatty rats treated with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. By contrast, this bacterial strain significantly increased plasma adiponectin (an insulin-sensitising adipokine), but did not produce significant effects on triglyceride levels or glucose metabolism biomarkers. Although further research is required to confirm B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 is an efficient anti-obesity treatment in humans, the results obtained in this study are promising and point to the health and anti-obesity properties of this bacterial strain.
<i>Short communication</i>: Supplementation of fructo-oligosaccharides does not improve insulin sensitivity in heavy veal calves fed different sources of carbohydrates; Heavy veal calves (4-6 mo old) often develop problems with insulin sensitivity. This could lead to metabolic disorders and impaired animal growth performance. Studies in various animal species have shown that the supplementation of short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (scFOS) can improve insulin sensitivity. We therefore studied the effects of scFOS supplementation on insulin sensitivity in heavy veal calves. Forty male Holstein Friesian calves (BW = 190 +/- 2.9 kg; age = 162 +/- 1.4 d at the start of the trial) were fed either a control milk replacer (MR) diet or a diet in which one-third of the lactose was replaced by glucose, fructose, or glycerol for 10 wk prior to the start of the trial. At the start of the trial, calves were subjected to a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test to assess whole -body insulin sensitivity (muscle and hepatic insulin sensitivity). Calves within each dietary treatment group were ranked based on their insulin sensitivity value. Half of the calves received scFOS (12 mg/kg of BW) with the MR for 6 wk (supplementation was equally distributed over the insulin sensitivity range). Subsequently, a second frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test was conducted to assess the effect of scFOS. In addition, fasting plasma levels of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, and cholesterol were determined to calculate the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index and triglyceride:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio (fasting indicators of insulin sensitivity). Whole -body insulin sensitivity was low at the start of the trial and remained low in all groups [1.0 +/- 0.1 and 0.8 +/- 0.1 (mU/L)(-1) min(-1) on average, respectively]. Supplementation of scFOS did not improve insulin sensitivity in any of the treatment groups. The quantitative insulin sensitivity check index and the triglyceride:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio also did not differ between scFOS and non-scFOS calves and averaged 0.326 +/- 0.003 and 0.088 +/- 0.004, respectively, at the end of the trial. We conclude that scFOS supplementation does not improve insulin sensitivity in heavy veal calves regardless of the carbohydrate composition of the MR. This is in contrast to other animals (e.g., dogs and horses), where scFOS supplementation did improve insulin sensitivity. The absence of an effect of scFOS might be related to the dosage or to metabolic differences between ruminants and nonruminants. Increasing evidence indicates that dietary interventions in veal calves have little or no effect on insulin sensitivity, possibly because of low levels of insulin sensitivity.
The responses of different dosages of egg consumption on blood lipid profile: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Diverse notions exist regarding egg intake, which is one of the main sources of dietary cholesterol, and its effect on blood lipids. We conducted this study to update the previous meta-analysis for their flaw in calculated effect size. PubMed, Scopus, ISI, and Cochrane were searched up to April 2019, for relevant randomized controlled clinical trials. Mean changes in total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride (TG), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C), LDL-C/HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, apolipoprotein (apo)A1, and apoB100 were assessed. Meta-analysis of 66 RCTs with 3,185 participants revealed that egg consumption can significantly increase TC, LDL-C, HDL-C, TC/HDL-C, apoA1/and B100, but there was no significant effect on other serum lipids. Dose-response analysis showed a linear effect for TC, HDL-C, ApoA1, ApoB100, and nonlinear for LDL-C, and TC/HDL-C. In conclusion, intake of more than one egg daily in less than 12 weeks may increase some blood lipids without any changes in the ratio of LDL-C/HDL-C. Practical applications There are controversies reports for egg intake, which is one of the main sources of dietary cholesterol. This study provides comprehensive information about the effect of the number of eggs consumed per day (dietary cholesterol) on blood lipids for nutritionists, physicians, researchers, and the general population. In this regard, our results indicated that there is a linear correlation between consumption of greater than one egg per day in a short time (no long time) and increasing lipid profiles which may increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. However, consumption of one egg daily can be safe and this can be a useful recommendation for prevention of cardiovascular disease and promotion of healthy life which indeed are the potential or actual uses of this research.
Comparison of the effects of interesterified butter oil, natural butter oil, rapeseed oil and sunflower oil on postprandial lipoprotein levels in healthy females; Postprandial responses to four high-fat test meals were followed for five hours in twelve healthy females (mean age 27.6 years). The fats used in the meals were: interesterified butter oil (LMBO), natural butter oil (BO, saturates 62% of fatty acids, FAs), low-erucic acid rapeseed oil (RO, oleic acid 54% of FAs) and sunflower oil (SO, linoleic acid 64% of FAs). LMBO has the same fatty acid composition as natural BO but random distribution of fatty acids in the glycerol backbone. Postprandial lipemia in serum total triglyceride (TG) concentration was significantly lower (p<0.001) after the LMBO meal than after the three natural oil meals. The other meals did not differ in this respect. the enhancement of VLDL triglycerides was similar for the three meals containing natural oils (BO,RO,SO) and also higher than that for the LMBO mean (p<0.001). Also the effect of the LMBO test meal on TG level in HDL(2+3) fraction differed significantly (p<0.001) from the other three oils tested. Cholesterol content remained unaltered in VLDL lipoprotein fraction after the LMBO meal but increased significantly after the three other test meals (p<0.001). Vegetable oils (RO and SO) did not change HDL(2) cholesterol content while an increase in HDL(2) cholesterol was noticed after the BO and LMBO meals (p=0.052 and p=0.002, respectively). The postprandial shapes of the apolipoprotein A-I and B curves were similar for the BO, RO and SO meals during the five hour follow-up but differed significantly from that of the LMBO meal (p=0.003 and p<0.001, respectively).
Altering the ratio of dietary palmitic and oleic acids affects nutrient digestibility, metabolism, and energy balance during the immediate postpartum in dairy cows; This article is the second from an experiment that determined the effects of altering the dietary ratio of palmitic (C16:0) and oleic (cis-9 C18:1) acids on digestibility, production, and metabolic responses of dairy cows during the immediate postpartum. This article elaborates on the effect of these diets on nutrient digestibility, energy balance, and metabolism. Fifty-six multiparous cows were used in a randomized complete block design and randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments fed from 1 to 24 d in milk. The treatments were: (1) control (CON) diet not supplemented with fatty acids (FA); (2) diet supplemented with a FA blend containing 80% C16:0 and 10% cis-9 C18:1 (80:10); (3) diet supplemented with a FA blend containing 70% C16:0 and 20% cis-9 C18:1 (70:20); and (4) diet supplemented with a FA blend containing 60% C16:0 and 30% cis-9 C18:1 (60:30). The FA supplement blends were added at 1.5% of diet dry matter by replacing soyhulls in the CON diet. Three preplanned contrasts were used to compare treatment differences: (1) CON versus FA-supplemented diets, (80:10 + 70:20 + 60:30)/3; (2) the linear effect of cis-9 C18:1 inclusion in diets; and (3) the quadratic effect of cis-9 C18:1 inclusion in diets. The FA-supplemented diets increased digestibility of dry matter, neutral detergent fiber, 18-carbon FA, and total FA compared with CON. We observed a tendency for an interaction between treatment and time for the digestibility of 18-carbon and total FA because the difference in digestibility between CON and 60:30 treatments tended to increase over time. Increasing dietary cis-9 C18:1 increased linearly the digestibility of dry matter, neutral detergent fiber, 16-carbon, 18-carbon, and total FA. Interestingly, total absorbed FA was positively related to milk, milk fat yield, energy-corrected milk, plasma insulin, and albumin, and negatively related to plasma nonesterified FA (NEFA) and body weight loss. The FA-supplemented diets increased intake of digestible energy, metabolizable energy, and net energy for lactation compared with CON. Compared with CON, FA-supplemented diets increased milk energy output and tended to increase negative energy balance. Increasing dietary cis-9 C18:1 increased intake of digestible energy, metabolizable energy, and net energy for lactation. Although increasing dietary cis-9 C18:1 did not affect milk energy output and energy for maintenance, increasing dietary cis-9 C18:1 improved energy balance. Compared with CON, FA-supplemented diets increased plasma insulin, but we did not observe differences between CON and FA-supplemented diets for NEFA and albumin. Increasing cis-9 C18:1 in FA treatments linearly decreased plasma NEFA and tended to linearly increase insulin and beta-hydroxybutyrate. During the carryover period, no treatment differences in blood metabolites were observed. Our results indicate that feeding FA supplements containing C16:0 and cis-9 C18:1 during the immediate postpartum period increased nutrient digestibility, energy intake, and milk energy output compared with a non-fat-supplemented control diet. Increasing dietary cis-9 C18:1 increased energy intake, reduced markers of body fat mobilization, and improved energy balance during the immediate postpartum.
Modifying the fatty acid profile of dairy products through feedlot technology lowers plasma cholesterol of humans consuming the products; Intake of milk and butter has been clearly associated with higher coronary heart disease rates in different countries and this is likely to be mediated by the hypercholesterolemic effect of dairy fat. Fat-modified dairy products are an innovation involving a technology in which protected unsaturated lipids are fed to ruminants resulting in milk and tissue lipids with reduced saturated fatty acids. We examined the impact of these novel dairy fats on plasma lipids in a human dietary trial. Thirty-three men and women participated in an 8-wk randomized crossover trial comparing fat-modified with conventional dairy products. The trial consisted of a 2-wk low-fat baseline period followed by two 3-wk intervention phases. During the test periods, the fat-modified products resulted in a significant 0.28-mmol/L (4.3%) lowering of total cholesterol (P < 0.001). Most of this decrease was in LDL cholesterol, which decreased by 0.24 mmol/L (P < 0.001) whereas HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerols remained essentially unchanged. This alteration in the fatty acid profile of dairy products, if applied to populations typical of developed Western countries, represents a potential strategy to lower the risk of coronary heart disease without any appreciable change in customary eating patterns.
Dietary patterns in Canadian men and women ages 25 and older: relationship to demographics, body mass index, and bone mineral density; Background: Previous research has shown that underlying dietary patterns are related to the risk of many different adverse health outcomes, but the relationship of these underlying patterns to skeletal fragility is not well understood. The objective of the study was to determine whether dietary patterns in men (ages 25-49, 50+) and women (pre-menopause, post-menopause) are related to femoral neck bone mineral density (BMD) independently of other lifestyle variables, and whether this relationship is mediated by body mass index. Methods: We performed an analysis of 1928 men and 4611 women participants in the Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study, a randomly selected population-based longitudinal cohort. We determined dietary patterns based on the self-administered food frequency questionnaires in year 2 of the study (1997-99). Our primary outcome was BMD as measured by dual x-ray absorptiometry in year 5 of the study (2000-02). Results: We identified two underlying dietary patterns using factor analysis and then derived factor scores. The first factor (nutrient dense) was most strongly associated with intake of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains. The second factor (energy dense) was most strongly associated with intake of soft drinks, potato chips and French fries, certain meats (hamburger, hot dog, lunch meat, bacon, and sausage), and certain desserts (doughnuts, chocolate, ice cream). The energy dense factor was associated with higher body mass index independent of other demographic and lifestyle factors, and body mass index was a strong independent predictor of BMD. Surprisingly, we did not find a similar positive association between diet and BMD. In fact, when adjusted for body mass index, each standard deviation increase in the energy dense score was associated with a BMD decrease of 0.009 (95% CI: 0.002, 0.016) g/cm(2) for men 50+ years old and 0.004 (95% CI: 0.000, 0.008) g/cm(2) for postmenopausal women. In contrast, for men 25-49 years old, each standard deviation increase in the nutrient dense score, adjusted for body mass index, was associated with a BMD increase of 0.012 (95% CI: 0.002, 0.022) g/cm(2). Conclusions: In summary, we found no consistent relationship between diet and BMD despite finding a positive association between a diet high in energy dense foods and higher body mass index and a strong correlation between body mass index and BMD. Our data suggest that some factor related to the energy dense dietary pattern may partially offset the advantages of higher body mass index with regard to bone health.
Improvement of green tea polyphenol with milk on skin with respect to antioxidation in healthy adults: a double-blind placebo-controlled randomized crossover clinical trial; Green tea polyphenols (GTP) have been widely tested for their effects on several metabolic syndromes and degenerative diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes. The present study was formulated to assess the physiological efficacy of green tea polyphenol infused with milk (GTPM) on skin integrity in correlation with antioxidative status in healthy adults. Forty-four healthy voluntary subjects were recruited and assigned to two groups, who drank 240 ml of mineral water mixed with either an experimental (GTPM) or placebo package (2 packs per day) for the following 6 months. The experimental group then switched to the placebo package, and vice versa, for a further 6 months, with one month of washout period in between. During the initial, 3rd, 6th, 10th, and 13th month anthropometric measurements were performed and fasting blood samples were withdrawn for various biochemical assays. Skin examination was performed at the initial, 6th and 13th month. No significant alterations were observed in any of the anthropometric measurements. Administration of GTPM significantly increased (p < 0.05) the antioxidant index and antioxidant enzyme activities when compared with the placebo group, whereas a concomitant decrease in the levels of lipid peroxidation were noted. Moreover, GTPM intake notably improved skin integrity and texture by markedly lowering (p < 0.05) skin wrinkles and roughness in elderly subjects. GTPM proved to be an effective antioxidant by lowering oxidative stress and thereby ameliorating skin texture and integrity.
Effects of dried citrus pulp on milk yield, milk composition and blood components of dairy cows; Twenty multiparous Friesian cows, 80-130 days postpartum, were allotted to two groups of ten cows, according to calving date, lactation number and daily yield, and assigned randomly to one of two diets in a crossover design experiment. The two experimental diets contained either 20% dried citrus pulp and 30% concentrate or 15% dried beet pulp, 8% ground maize and 27% concentrate, plus 50% maize silage (dry basis). The diets were offered individually, in tie-stalls, as total mixed rations in two equal amounts at 9:00 and 20:00 h to achieve ad libitum intakes. Dry matter, metabolizable energy and crude protein intakes, milk yield, milk protein content and yield, as well as content of milk lactose, total solids and non-fat solids were not significantly affected by the diet. In contrast, dried citrus pulp supplementation increased milk fat content (4.48 vs. 4.12%; P < 0.05) and milk fat yield (1.06 vs. 0.95 kg day(-1); P < 0.05). No significant differences were observed in blood serum concentrations of glucose, total protein, albumin, globulin, urea, triglycerides, phospholipids, Na, K, Ca, P, Mg and Cl. In contrast, the serum concentration of cholesterol was higher (235 vs. 223 mg per 100 ml, P < 0.05) when the cows were fed on the diet containing dried citrus pulp.
Changes in body composition during the winter gestation period in mature beef cows grazing different herbage allowances of native grasslands; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of controlling the grazing intensity of native pastures, through the herbage allowances (HA) on body composition (water, protein, and fat) of beef cows of different cow genotype (CG; purebred: Angus and Hereford; PU, and crossbred: reciprocal F-1; CR). Mature beef cows (n = 32) were used in a complete randomised block design with a factorial arrangement of HA (2.5 vs 4 kg DM/day; LO vs HI) and CG (PU vs CR). The experiment was conducted during 3 years and at the end of the third year at 150, 210, and 240 +/- 10 days of gestation and 190 +/- 10 days postpartum body composition was estimated using the urea dilution technique. At 192 +/- 10 days postpartum cows were slaughtered and all tissues and organs were weighed and samples were collected for chemical composition analyses. During the winter gestation period, body condition score was greater (P < 0.05) in HI than LO cows and in CR than PU cows. Relative body water (g/kg of empty bodyweight) was greater (P 0.02) in HI than LO cows and in CR than PU cows, whereas relative body protein did not differ between HI and LO, but tended (P = 0.10) to be greater in CR than PU cows. In contrast, relative body fat tended (P = 0.10) to be greater and gross energy content was greater (P < 0.01) in HI than LO cows, whereas they did not differ between CR and PU cows. Relative body water increased (P < 0.01) from 150 to 210 days of gestation for all cows whereas relative body fat decreased (P < 0.05) and body protein increased (P < 0.05) from 150 to 210 days of gestation in PU but not in CR cows. These results suggest that HI maintained greater body condition score and retained gross energy content when compared with LO cows, and CG affected not only body composition (greater body fat and protein in CR than PU cows) but also composition of mobilised/retained weight during the winter gestation period with a greater protein tissue mobilisation in CR than PU cows.
Effects of prepartum supplementary fat and muscle hypertrophy genotype on cold tolerance in newborn calves; Effects of feeding pregnant dams supplemental dietary fat during the last 55 d of gestation on cold tolerance of newborn crossbred calves with (Piedmontese cross, P, n = 15) or without (Hereford cross, H, n = 16) the muscle hypertrophy allele was determined. Primiparous FI dams gestating F2 calves of the respective breeds were assigned randomly within breed to receive gestation diets containing either 2.2 (Low Fat; LF) or 5.1% fat (High Fat; HF). Safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.) seeds containing 37% oil with 79% linoleic acid were the supplemental fat source in diets formulated to be isocaloric-isonitrogenous. At parturition, calves were separated from their dams, fed 38 degrees C pooled dairy cow colostrum (30 mL/kg BW), muzzled to prevent suckling, and returned to their dams in a heated (22 degrees C) room for 3.5 h. At 4 h of age (birth = 0 h), a catheter was inserted into the jugular vein. At 5h of age, calves were placed in a 0 degrees C room for 140 min, and rectal temperatures and blood samples were obtained at 10- and 20-min intervals. Blood was assayed for cortisol and glucose. Rectal temperature was affected by diet (P < .05), time, diet x time, and breed x time (P < .01 for time and the interactions). Cortisol and glucose concentrations were not affected by diet, breed, or the diet x breed interaction, but they were affected by time, breed x time (both P < .01), and diet x time (P = .06). Calves from HF dams had higher rectal temperatures than calves from LF dams, and the HF calves maintained higher rectal temperatures throughout cold exposure. Cortisol concentrations were lower (P = .06) in calves from HF dams, and these calves had more (P = .06) glucose available for metabolic heat production than calves from LF dams. Piedmontese-cross calves maintained higher (P < .01) rectal temperatures and had higher cortisol and glucose (both P < .01) concentrations than did H-cross calves. We conclude that feeding dams supplemental fat during late gestation increased heat production in newborn calves and potentially could increase calf survival; calves with muscle hypertrophy may have a different ratio of shivering vs nonshivering thermogenesis due to differences in body composition or relationships among uncoupling proteins.
EFFECTS OF FAT SUPPLEMENTATION AND IMMATURE ALFALFA TO CONCENTRATE RATIO ON PLASMA PROGESTERONE, ENERGY-BALANCE, AND REPRODUCTIVE TRAITS OF DAIRY-CATTLE; Forty-six multiparous Holstein cows were assigned at a 5 d postpartum to a a completely randomized design employing a 2 .times. 3 factorial arrangement of treatment. Factors were 0 and 5% added prilled long-chain fatty acids (DM basis) and three forage to concentrate ratios (45: 55, 64:36, 84:16). Diets consisted of immature alfalfa silage and a concentrate of shelled corn and soybean meal with or without fat replacing a portion of the corn. Mean plasma concentration of cholesterol was higher for cows fed 5% vs. 0% fat and increased over the first 100 d in milk for all animals regardless of treatment. There were no differences in reproductive performance due to either of the main effects. Mean plasma progesterone was higher due to fat treatment in the mild to late luteal phase of the second postpartum cycle as well as the metestrous to early luteal phase and mid to late luteal phase of the third cycle. Even though progesterone concentrations were higher in cows fed 5% fat during the  luteal phase after breeding, the conception rates at this service were not different from those fed 0% fat. The biological significance of increased plasma progesterone concentration was not identified with any postpartum reproductive trait measured in this trial.
Alternative for modifying the fatty acid composition and decreasing the cholesterol level in the milk of cows; The goal of the experiment that was carried out on Friesian cows was to study an opportunity of decreasing the cholesterol and increasing the level of polyunsaturated fatty acids in the milk fat leaving the milk yield unchanged. The investigations were conducted in year 1999 and repeated again in 2000. Cows were randomly assigned into two groups: control (16 cows) and experimental (19 cows), and fed a total mixed ration (TMR) ad libitum. During the 7 weeks of the investigations the ration of the experimental animals was. supplemented with 21 g linseed and 21 g/day trace element-mineral mixture containing Mg, Fe, Cu, Co, Mn, Zn, Se, Cr and CaCO3. The cholesterol level in the milk of the experimental cows appeared to be 32% lower than in controls. The additives applied affected favourably also the fatty acids' composition. The proportion of unsaturated fatty acids in the milk of the experimental cows was found to be 15% higher and that of saturated fatty acids 8% lower in comparison with the control animals. The most pronounced changes occurred in the CLA and linolenic acid content of the milk fat. The supplement had a small if any effect on the milk production and on the milk fat, protein and lactose content of the milk. The repeated experiment confirmed results of the first trial. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on albumin to creatinine ratio, eGFR and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes with microalbuminuria: study protocol for a randomised controlled clinical trial; Introduction To alleviate clinical symptoms of diabetic nephropathy (DN), several dietary and non-dietary strategies have been suggested. Probiotic-enriched foods, through their effects on modulating microflora, might help these patients control the adverse effects. The current study will be done to examine the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on albumin to creatinine ratio, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes with nephropathy. Methods and analysis Sixty patients with DN will be recruited in this study. After block matching for sex, body mass index and age, patients will be randomly assigned to receive 300g/day probiotic yoghurt containing 10(6) CFU/g Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis strains or 300 g/day plain yoghurt daily for 8 weeks. Weight, height and waist circumference will be measured at study baseline and after the intervention. Biochemical indicators including glycaemic measures (haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting blood sugar (FBS)), inflammatory markers (high sensitivity-C reactive protein), lipid profile (total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL)) and finally renal makers (creatinine, albumin to creatinine ratio, eGFR) will be assessed at study baseline and at the end of the trial. Discussion Improving the condition of a person with DN is a serious clinical challenge. The use of probiotic supplements has been considered in these people, but the use of probiotic-enriched foods has received less attention.
Extracted Oat and Barley β-Glucans Do Not Affect Cholesterol Metabolism in Young Healthy Adults; beta-Glucans are known to exhibit hypocholesterolemic effects. Increased intestinal viscosity is thought to be crucial for cholesterol lowering. It is suggested that concentration, molecular mass, and structure, including the ratio of (1 -> 3) to (1 -> 4) glucan bonds in the molecule, are of importance for beta-glucan functionality. This study investigated the effects of 3 different beta-glucan sources, incorporated into a beverage and yogurt, on blood lipids and fecal endpoints. Fourteen participants completed this randomized, crossover, single-blinded study with four 3-wk periods: control and 3.3 g/d oat, barley, and barley mutant beta-glucans of similar molecular mass. Before and after each period, fasting and postprandial blood samples were drawn and 3-d fecal samples were collected. Treatment did not affect changes in total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol compared with control; however, consumption of 3.3 g/d of oat beta-glucans for 3 wk resulted in greater decreases in total (-0.29 +/- 0.09 mmol/L, P < 0.01), LDL (-0.23 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, P < 0.01), and HDL (-0.05 +/- 0.03 mmol/L, P < 0.05) cholesterol compared with baseline. Changes in LDL in the beta-glucan treatments were not related to beta-glucan structure (cellotriosyl:cellotetraosyl). Decreases in fasting triacylglycerol were substantially greater after oat beta-glucan treatment compared with control (P = 0.031 Fecal dry and wet weight, stool frequency, fecal pH, and energy excretion were unaffected. The results do not fully support the hypocholesterolemic effects by differently structured oat and barley beta-glucans. However, substantial differences compared with baseline suggest a potential for oat beta-glucan, presumably due to its higher solubility and viscosity. This underlines the importance of elusive structural beta-glucan features for beneficial physiologic effects.
Calcium plus vitamin D<sub>3</sub> supplementation facilitated Fat loss in overweight and obese college students with very-low calcium consumption: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Recent evidence suggests that higher calcium and/ or vitamin D intake may be associated with lower body weight and better metabolic health. Due to contradictory findings from intervention trials, we investigated the effect of calcium plus vitamin D-3 (calcium+D) supplementation on anthropometric and metabolic profiles during energy restriction in healthy, overweight and obese adults with very-low calcium consumption. Methods: Fifty-three subjects were randomly assigned in an open-label, randomized controlled trial to receive either an energy-restricted diet (-500 kcal/d) supplemented with 600 mg elemental calcium and 125 IU vitamin D3 or energy restriction alone for 12 weeks. Repeated measurements of variance were performed to evaluate the differences between groups for changes in body weight, BMI, body composition, waist circumference, and blood pressures, as well as in plasma TG, TC, HDL, LDL, glucose and insulin concentrations. Results: Eighty- one percent of participants completed the trial (85% from the calcium + D group; 78% from the control group). A significantly greater decrease in fat mass loss was observed in the calcium + D group (-2.8 +/- 1.3 vs.-1.8 +/- 1.3 kg; P=0.02) than in the control group, although there was no significant difference in body weight change (P>0.05) between groups. The calcium + D group also exhibited greater decrease in visceral fat mass and visceral fat area (P<0.05 for both). No significant difference was detected for changes in metabolic variables (P>0.05). Conclusion: Calcium plus vitamin D3 supplementation for 12 weeks augmented body fat and visceral fat loss in very-low calcium consumers during energy restriction.
LACTATION AND REPRODUCTIVE-PERFORMANCE OF MARES FED ADDED DIETARY-FAT DURING LATE GESTATION AND EARLY LACTATION; Eighteen pregnant mares were randomly allotted to one of two treatment groups.  The control group was fed a conventional concentrate and the fat group was fed a concentrate containing 5% feed-grade rendered fat.  Both concentrates had the same nutrient:calorie ratio and were fed in amounts required to maintain zero change in percent body fat of the mares.  During the study, which began 60 d prior to expected foaling date and ended 60 d postpartum, mares were monitored for feed intake, body weight, rump fat thickness, ration digestibility, plasma glucose and lipid concentrations, milk composition and reproductive efficiency.  Birth weight, growth rate, and plasma glucose and lipid concentrations were also measured in foals.  Mares fed fat consumed less concentrate (P < .09 during the last 60 d of gestation but consumed similar amounts of concentrate over 60 d of lactation.  Protein and ether extract digestion was higher (P < .05 and P < .09, respectively) in the mares fed fat during the postpartum period.  Dietary treatment had no influence on plasma glucose or lipid concentrations of the mares or plasma glucose concentrations of their foals, but foals whose dams were fed fat had higher plasma lipid concentrations at birth (P < .01), d 10 and d 30 (P < .05).  Percent fat was higher in milk samples from mares fed fat at d 10 (P < .09, 1.23 vs.99%) and d 60 (P < .01,.72 vs.43%) of lactation.  Reproductive performance was not significantly different between treatment groups, however there was a trend for a shorter postpartum interval and fewer cycles per pregnancy in the mares fed added fat.  Foals from both groups were of similar size and weight at birth and had similar weight gains over 60 d, however, foals nursing mares fed fat tended to gain more weight in the first week of life (1.85 vs 1.56 kg/d) and have more rump fat at d 60 (.53 vs .44 cm) than foals nursing control mares.
Twenty-year dynamics of serum cholesterol levels in the middle-aged population of eastern Finland; Background: In cross-sectional analyses, serum cholesterol levels differ among different age groups. However, secular time trends in cholesterol levels can be seen across age groups in a population. A birth cohort analysis provides useful information on the combined effect of age and time on changes in serum cholesterol levels. Objective: To analyze the 20-year dynamics of serum total cholesterol levels in relation to age, sex, birth cohort, time period, mortality rate, and changes in the intake of saturated fats. Design: Cross-sectional measurements of serum total cholesterol levels in five independent population surveys done in 1972, 1977, 1982, 1987, and 1992. Setting: Kuopio and North Karelia provinces in eastern Finland. Patients: Random sample of 16 711 men and 17 542 women 25 to 64 years of age. Persons in the oldest birth cohort were born in 1913; persons in the youngest birth cohort were born in 1967. Measurements: Total serum cholesterol levels and daily intake of dietary fat. Results: Between 1972 and 1992, mean cholesterol levels decreased with time in each age group and for both sexes. According to the cross-sectional data, cholesterol levels increased with age and increased more steeply in women than in men. Contrary to these data, cholesterol levels in birth cohorts did not increase with age. Cholesterol levels did not change at all within birth cohorts of women and started to decrease after 45 years of age in birth cohorts of men. Cholesterol levels in the youngest birth cohorts (persons 25 to 29 years of age) entering the study each study year were markedly lower than levels in the same age group in the previous survey of risk factors. Daily intake of saturated fat decreased markedly between 1972 and 1992. Most of this decrease could be explained by change in intake of liquid dairy products and spreadable fats. In both sexes, changes in saturated fat intake were correlated with the time period, whereas the association with age was weak. Conclusions: In this Finnish population, total serum cholesterol levels are more closely associated with birth cohort than with age. Changes in dietary intake of saturated fat over time may account for changes in cholesterol levels. This finding suggests that community-based strategies for preventing cardiovascular disease can affect most of the population.
The effect of vegetable oil-based cheese on serum total and lipoprotein lipids; Objective: To investigate the effect of rapeseed oil-based cheese (milk-fat substituted by rapeseed oil) on serum total and lipoprotein lipid concentrations and blood pressure in reference to ordinary, milk-fat-based cheese in subjects with mildly to moderately elevated serum cholesterol concentration. Design: Randomized, controlled, single-blind, cross-over clinical trial. Settings: Outpatient dietary intervention with free-living subjects in Eastern Finland. Interventions: The study began with a 2 week pre-trial period followed by two 4 week intervention periods. During the intervention study subjects replaced their ordinary cheese or cold cuts with 65 g of rapeseed oil-based or milk-fat-based control cheese. The type of test cheese was switched at 4 weeks of intervention. Altogether 31 subjects completed the study. Results: Compared with the control cheese period the mean serum total cholesterol concentration was 6.7% (95% Cl - 9.9 to - 3.5%) lower after 2 weeks and 5.0% (95% Cl - 7.5 to - 2.5%) lower after 4 weeks of use of rapeseed oil-based cheese. Respectively, LDL cholesterol concentration was 7.0% (95% Cl - 11.7 to - 2.6%) lower after 2 weeks use and 6.4% (95% Cl - 10.0 to - 2.8%) lower after 4 weeks' use of rapeseed oil-based cheese. Conclusions: The present study showed that the rapeseed oil-based cheese reduces serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects when replacing ordinary milk-fat-based cheese in the diet. Sponsorship: Mildola Ltd, Tuusula, Finland and Kyronmaan Juustomestarit Ltd, lsokyro, Finland.
Simvastatin and supplementation with ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and vitamins improves claudication distance in a randomized PILOT study in patients with peripheral vascular disease; Peripheral vascular disease (PVD) is a manifestation of systemic atherosclerosis. Statins and a number of nutrients are effective in controlling the risk for cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that a combined intervention of a selection of nutrients together with simvastatin could ameliorate the risk factors and clinical symptoms in these patients. A 12-month longitudinal, randomized, controlled pilot study was conducted in which 40 male PVD patients with intermittent claudication were allocated into 4 intervention groups. Group S was provided with 500 mL/d of a fortified dairy product containing fish oil, oleic acid, folic acid, and other vitamins. Group SS consumed the same fortified product plus 20 mg/d of simvastatin. Group C was provided with 500 mL/d of semiskimmed milk, and group CS received semiskimmed milk plus simvastatin. Every 6 months, blood collections and clinical examinations were performed. Groups S and SS tripled their claudication distance (P < .001), and group SS increased ankle-brachial index (P < .05). Group S and SS increased their plasma levels of folate, eicosapentaenoic, docosahexaenoic, and oleic acids (P < .05) and decreased their homocysteine concentration (P < .05). In addition, group C had increased total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations (P < .05). In the groups that consumed the nutritional supplement, the increase in claudication distance correlated with the increase of plasma docosahexaenoic acid (r = 0.40; P < .05). These results suggest that the combination of hypolipidemic therapy and a daily consumption of cardioprotective nutrients could be effective in PVD management. Moreover, this pilot study suggests that nutrients per se might play a major role in producing the benefits observed. Further studies are needed to clarify the potential role of nutritional interventions in PVD progression and management. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effects of feeding medium-chain triglycerides on the growth, insulin responsiveness, and body composition of Holstein calves from birth to 85 kg of body weight; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of feeding calves isocaloric, isonitrogenous diets that varied in the amount and type of fatty acids on growth, response to an insulin challenge, and body composition. Thirty-six calves were assigned to a randomized block design with 3 dietary treatments, 10 calves per treatment, and a baseline group of 6 calves. Three different milk-replacer-based diets were designed to deliver less than 2% of the lipid as medium-chain triglycerides (control; diet contained no added medium-chain triglycerides), 32% medium-chain triglycerides primarily as caprylate (CAP oil), and 32% of fatty acids primarily as laurate from coconut oil (CCO). Calves were offered 0.28 Mcal of intake energy/kg of body weight (BW)(0.75) from d 1 to 7 and 0.32 Mcal of intake energy/kg of BW0.75 adjusted weekly for BW from d 8 to harvest. Dry matter, intake energy, crude protein, and fat intakes were 53.7 kg, 281.8 Mcal, 14.6 kg, and 13.0 kg; 56.6 kg, 297.2 Mcal, 15.8 kg, and 14.2 kg; and 53.8 kg, 280.4 Mcal, 15.4 kg, and 13.3 kg for the control, CAP oil, and CCO treatments, respectively. Dry matter, energy, protein, and fat intakes did not differ among treatments. At approximately 65 kg of BW, 5 calves per treatment were given an insulin challenge. After the challenge the decrease in plasma glucose concentration was greater for the calves fed the CAP oil diet compared with those fed the control and CCO diets. Calves were harvested at approximately 88 kg of BW. Empty body gains were 0.92, 0.79, and 0.87 kg/d for control-, CAP oil-, and CCO-fed calves, respectively, and the gains of the CAP oil- fed calves were less than those of the control- fed calves. Empty body crude protein, ash, and water were not different among treatments. Empty body retained energy and fat tended to be 5.6 and 8.7% greater for calves consuming the CCO diet than for those fed the control diet. The livers of calves consuming the CCO diet were 330 g heavier and contained 15% more fat than the livers of the control and CAP oil calves. The results of this study demonstrate that the energy demand of the calf to maintain body temperature resulted in increased oxidation of intake energy; thus, overall body composition differences could not be detected. However, the intake of CCO increased the accumulation of lipid in the liver and carcass despite the apparent cold stress conditions.
DIETARY-INTAKE PATTERNS AND SOCIODEMOGRAPHIC FACTORS IN THE ATHEROSCLEROSIS RISK IN COMMUNITIES STUDY; Background. Comprehensive and up-to-date data on differences in dietary intake according to various sociodemographic factors are needed to understand the potential impact of dietary factors on disease risks in the United States. Methods. Usual dietary intake assessed by a food frequency questionnaire was examined in relation to race, sex, and educational attainment using baseline data obtained from randomly selected samples of 15,800 middle-aged black and white men and women who participated in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study. Results. In almost all comparisons, higher educational attainment was associated with recommended dietary intake patterns-lower per energy intakes of meats, eggs, chicken with skin, and whole milk and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, fish, chicken without skin, and low-fat milk. As expected from these food intake patterns, higher educational attainment was associated with lower intakes of saturated fatty acid and cholesterol and with higher intakes of dietary fiber and various micronutrients. Compared with women's diets, men's diets were slightly more atherogenic (in whites only) based upon Keys score and had lower micronutrient levels. Although there were large differences in the food intakes between blacks and whites, the differences in nutrient intakes were generally smaller. However, intakes of cholesterol and vitamin A were somewhat higher and intakes of saturated fatty acid, calcium, and potassium were lower among blacks than in whites. Conclusions. This community-based study clearly demonstrated that regardless of race and sex, high educational attainment is associated with recommended dietary intake patterns. Continuing efforts to improve general educational level and to promote healthy dietary habits among those with low socioeconomic status are warranted. (C) 1994 Academic Press, Inc.
Effect of different superovulation protocols on plasma progesterone concentration and lypidic metabolites in Nelore cows; The purpose of this research was to evaluate the concentration of tryglicerides, cholesterol, aspartate transaminase (AST) and progesterone (P4) in embryo donor Nelore cows superovulated with different protocols. Twenty four donors were randomly distributed in three groups: group 1 (n=11), donors superovulated with 500UI of FSH and group 2 (n=8) and group 3 (n=5) respectively with 200mg and 180mg of FSH, in decreasing doses, twice a day, during four consecutive days. Blood samples were collected before superovulation (A), in the third day of superovulation (B), at the artificial insemination time (C) and at the embryo collection time (D). The concentrations of tryglicerides, aspartate transaminase (AST) and cholesterol were measured by spectrophotometry and progesterone ( P4) by radioimmunoassay. There was no alteration (P < 0.05) in the concentration of tryglicerides, AST and cholesterol among the samples. There was no effect (P > 0.05) of the superovulation protocol on the concentration of tryglicerides, AST and P4 in the samples. In the samples A and B of group 2 the concentration of cholesterol was lower (P < 0.05) than in groups 1 and 3, probably due to the instability of the parameter.
Effect of different dietary inclusion levels of whole raw soyabean on ruminal fermentation and nutrient utilization in Nelore steers; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of increasing level of whole raw soyabean (WRS) in the diet of Nelore steers on nutrient intake and digestibility, ruminal fermentation, nitrogen utilization and blood profile. Twelve steers (2-year-old; 400 +/- 28.5 kg body weight) were used in a triple 4 x 4 Latin square design. The animals were randomly assigned to the following treatments: control (WRS0; without WRS), and diets containing 80 (WRS8), 160 (WRS16) and 240 (WRS24) g . kg(-1) DM of WRS in the diet. The steers were fed diet with 40: 60 forage: concentrate ratio. Ingredients, refusals and faeces were sampled to determine total tract apparent digestibility. Samples of ruminal fluid were collected on day 19 before the morning feeding and 2, 4, 6, 10 and 12 h after the morning feeding for pH, ammonia and short-chain fatty acid analyses. Spot urine samples were obtained on day 20 for nitrogen balance analysis. Blood samples were collected on day 21 for protein and energy metabolism analyses. Inclusion of WRS decreased DM and non-fibre carbohydrate intake, increased ether extract intake, affected ruminal pH, ammonia and acetate concentrations, and linearly increased serum high density lipoprotein and total cholesterol contents. Nitrogen excretion in urine increased linearly with WRS inclusion. Addition of WRS exerted a quadratic effect on nitrogen balance. In conclusion, WRS inclusion into the diet of Nelore steers did not change nutrient digestibility, promoted few changes in rumen metabolism and blood parameters, and was not detrimental to digestive functions.
Effects of milk thistle seed against aflatoxin B<sub>1</sub> in broiler model; Background: Consumption of aflatoxin B-1 (AFB(1)) contaminated products can pose a risk of development of various diseases in human and animals due to radical production. The scope of this work is to evaluate the efficacy of milk thistle seed (MTS), as a radical scavenger, on serum biochemistry, lipid profile and liver enzymes against AFB(1) in broiler chickens contaminated with AFB(1). Materials and Methods: The effect of nine experimental treatments (3 x 3 factorial design) was assessed using 216 one-d-old Ross 308 male broiler chicks in a randomized complete design with four replicates of six birds for each dietary treatments: Control (T1), 250 ppb AFB(1) (T2), 500 ppb AFB(1) (T3), 0.5% MTS (T4), 0.5% MTS Plus 250 ppb AFB(1) (T5), 0.5% MTS Plus 500 ppb AFB(1) (T6), 1.0% MTS (T7), 1.0% MTS Plus 250 ppb AFB(1) (T8), and 1.0% MTS Plus 500 ppb AFB(1) (T9). The individual and combined effects of dietary AFB(1) and MTS on serum biochemistry factors (Glucose, Calcium, Phosphorus, Iron, Creatinine, and Uric acid), lipid profile (Triglyceride, Cholesterol, Low density lipoprotein (LDL), and High density lipoprotein (HDL)) and liver enzymes aspartate amino-transferase and alanine amino-transaminase (ALT) in broilers were evaluated at 21 days of age. Also, statistical packages Macros-1.002 (2010) were used to perform the above analysis on computer. Results: Consumption of 500 ppb AFB(1) in to the diet significantly decreased HDL (58.13 +/- 2.65), Calcium (7.11 +/- 0.13), and Glucose (197.1 +/- 7.42) compared to the control group (85.12 +/- 1.95, 9.45 +/- 0.17 and 223.1 +/- 6.61, respectively), (P < 0.05). In contrast, it significantly increased creatinine (2.25 +/- 0.011) and AST (244.51 +/- 4.91). Using MTS together with AFB(1) significantly reduced the effect of AFB(1) on the above parameters. Conclusion: MTS can provide protection against the negative effects of AFB(1) on broiler chicks.
Effectiveness of nutritional and exercise interventions to improve body composition and muscle strength or function in sarcopenic obese older adults: A systematic review; Although sarcopenic obesity (SO) poses a major public health concern, a robust approach for the optimization of body composition and strength/function in SO has not yet been established. The purpose of this systematic review was to assess the effectiveness of nutritional (focusing on energy and protein modulation) and exercise interventions, either individually or combined, on body composition and strength/function in older adults with SO. MEDLINE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, CINAHL and SPORTDiscus were searched. Main inclusion criteria comprised sarcopenia as defined by the European Working Group on Sarcopenia in Older People (EWGSOP) and obesity defined as % body fat >= 40% (women) and >= 28% (men). Randomized controlled trials (RCTs), randomized controlled crossover trials and controlled clinical trials with older adults (mean age >= 65 years) following a nutritional regimen and/or an exercise training program were considered. Out of 109 full text articles identified, only two RCTs (61 participants) met the inclusion criteria. One study was a nutritional intervention adding 15 g protein center dot dari(-1) (via cheese consumption) to the participants' habitual diet. The second study was a high-speed circuit resistance training intervention. Body composition did not change significantly in either of the studies. However, the exercise intervention improved significantly muscle strength and physical function. Although this review was limited by the small number of eligible studies, it provides evidence for the potential benefits of exercise and highlights the necessity for future research to develop effective interventions including dietary and exercise regimens to combat sarcopenic obesity. Crown Copyright (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The beneficial effects of probiotic administration on wound healing and metabolic status in patients with diabetic foot ulcer: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; BackgroundThis study was conducted to evaluate the effects of probiotic supplementation on wound healing and metabolic status in subjects with diabetic foot ulcer (DFU). MethodsThis randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 60 subjects (aged 40-85years old) with grade 3 diabetic foot ulcer. Individuals were randomly divided into 2 groups (30 subjects each group) to receive either probiotic or placebo daily for 12weeks. ResultsAfter the 12-week intervention, compared with the placebo, probiotic supplementation led to significant reductions in ulcer length (-1.30.9 vs. -0.8 +/- 0.7cm, P=.01), width (-1.1 +/- 0.7 vs. -0.7 +/- 0.7cm, P=.02), and depth (-0.5 +/- 0.3 vs. -0.3 +/- 0.3cm, P=.02). Furthermore, significant reductions in fasting plasma glucose (-29.6 +/- 30.3 vs. -5.8 +/- 39.8mg/dL, P=.01), serum insulin concentrations (-4.3 +/- 7.9 vs. +0.4 +/- 8.5IU/mL, P=.03), and haemoglobin A1c (-0.6 +/- 0.5 vs. -0.2 +/- 0.4%, P=.003) and a significant rise in the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01 +/- 0.01 vs. -0.01 +/- 0.02, P=.003) were seen following supplementation of probiotic compared with the placebo. Additionally, compared with the placebo, probiotic supplementation resulted in significant decreases in serum total cholesterol (-4.8 +/- 16.1 vs. +7.0 +/- 27.1mg/dL, P=.04), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (-9.0 +/- 14.7 vs. -1.7 +/- 8.6mg/L, P=.02), plasma malondialdehyde (-0.8 +/- 0.8 vs. -0.2 +/- 0.8mol/L, P=.001), and significant increases in plasma nitric oxide (+6.2 +/- 8.2 vs. +0.8 +/- 8.0mol/L, P=.01) and total antioxidant capacity concentrations (+179.3 +/- 97.2 vs. -85.1 +/- 203.4mmol/L, P<.001). ConclusionsOverall, probiotic supplementation for 12weeks among subjects with diabetic foot ulcer had beneficial effects on ulcer size, glycaemic control, total cholesterol, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, plasma nitric oxide, total antioxidant capacity, and malondialdehyde levels.
Dairy foods and body weight management; The existing data about the role of dairy foods in body weight management, as a physiological explanation are shown in this paper. There is accumulating evidence about inverse association between body weight and dairy intake. Research showed that obese individuals consume fewer dairies than normal weight people. Also three servings of dairy foods per day in a reduced calorie diet may help accelerate body fat loss when compared to a calorie-restricted diet low in dairy foods. Calcium plays the main role and is present in great amounts in dairy foods. Its anti-obesity effect is attributed to its impact on lypogenesis and lipolysis in adipocytes. Calcium supplements do not have such effect as dairy calcium, possibly due to the effects of other bioactive components in dairy foods such as conjugated linoleic acid, whey peptides, branched aminoacids and lactose which amplify anti-obesity effect. Cross-sectional epidemiological studies confirmed the hypothesis that high dairy food intake can act in a weight management, but prospective studies and randomized controlled intervention trials have yielded inconsistent results. Therefore there is a need of conducting more large population-based clinical trials and meta-analysis.
Does Menopausal Hormone Therapy, Exercise, or Both Improve Pain and Function in Postmenopausal Women With Greater Trochanteric Pain Syndrome? A 2 x 2 Factorial Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Greater trochanteric pain syndrome (GTPS) is a debilitating chronic condition, most prevalent in postmenopausal women. A positive association between high estrogen levels and tendon health may exist, and postmenopausal women have reduced estrogen. Menopausal hormone therapy (MHT) may reduce the incidence of tendon abnormality, particularly when combined with exercise. Purpose: To determine the effect of MHT and exercise on tendon pain and function in postmenopausal women with GTPS. Study Design: Randomized controlled clinical trial; Level of evidence, 1. Methods: Postmenopausal women (N = 132; n = 12, lost to follow-up) with GTPS were randomized into MHT and placebo transdermal cream groups combined with tendon-specific or sham exercise. All groups received education about avoiding gluteal tendon compression and load management throughout 12 weeks of intervention. The primary outcome was the Victorian Institute of Sport Assessment for gluteal tendinopathy (VISA-G), and secondary outcomes were measured at baseline and at 12 and 52 weeks. The Global Rating of Change was assessed at 12 and 52 weeks. A linear mixed-effects model was used to assess differences. Body mass index (BMI) was included as a covariate. Results: All participant groups improved over time (baseline vs 12 weeks, P < .001; baseline vs 52 weeks, P < .001). There was no difference among exercise groups measured by all outcomes (VISA-G: baseline, P = .97, mean difference [MD] = 0.10; 12 weeks, P = .49, MD = 2.15; 52 weeks, P = .32, MD = -3.08). There was a significant interaction effect between cream and BMI; therefore, the population was stratified by BMI levels (<25, <30, >= 30). The MHT groups (with exercise and education) had significantly better VISA-G outcomes (baseline, P = .04, MD = -11.20, 95% CI = -21.70 to -0.70; 12 weeks, P < .001, MD = -20.72, 95% CI = -31.22 to -10.22; 52 weeks, P = .002, MD = -16.71, 95% CI = -27.21 to -6.22) and secondary measure scores as compared with placebo at all time points when BMI was Conclusion: MHT or placebo combined with tendon-specific or sham exercise plus education reduced pain and increased function for this population. For women with a BMI <25, MHT with any exercise plus education was better than placebo. A targeted exercise or sham exercise strategy is effective when prescribed with education about avoiding gluteal tendon compression and load management. Registration: ACTRN12614001157662 (Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry).
DIETARY HEMICELLULOSE INTERACTIONS INFLUENCING SERUM-LIPID PATTERNS AND PROTEIN NUTRITIONAL-STATUS OF ADULT MEN; The effect of graded levels of hemicellulose added to a constant, plant-based diet on serum lipid patterns and protein nutritional status of adult men was determined. The 50-day study was divided into a 2-day depletion period, a 3-day pre-adjustment period, three 14-day experimental periods (randomly arranged) and a 3-day post-adjustment period. During all adjustment and experimental periods, ground peanuts provided 6.0 g N/subject per day as the near sole source of dietary protein. In addition to the oil supplied by the ground peanuts, 6 of the 12 subjects received butter oil while the other 6 received corn oil on a daily basis. During the 3 experimental periods, supplements of 4.2, 14.2 and 24.2 g of hemicellulose were added daily to the diet. All subjects received all experimental treatments. Graded increases in hemicellulose had no demonstrative effect on N balances of subjects in strong apparent positive N balance, but those individuals in marginal or negative N balance tended to show poorer N balances as level of dietary hemicellulose was increased. Mean blood serum cholesterol levels of subjects were slightly lowered as level of dietary hemicellulose was increased regardless of source of dietary fat. While mean serum triglyceride levels of subjects receiving the corn oil and peanut oil combination were quite constant with increases in dietary hemicellulose, the triglyceride levels of all subjects receiving the butter oil and peanut oil combination were increased as levels of dietary hemicellulose were increased.
Changes in maternal body composition and metabolism of dairy goats during pregnancy; The objective of this study was to evaluate the mobilization of nutrients in goats of different gestation types and pregnancy stages. Forty-four Saanen and Oberhasli goats were studied. The goats of each breed and gestation type (single or twin) were slaughtered at different gestational ages (80, 110, and 140 days of pregnancy), forming a completely randomized design in a 2 x 3 x 2 factorial arrangement (two breeds, three gestational ages, and two types of pregnancy). The slaughter procedure involved separating the empty body, mammary glands, uterus with membranes and fetal fluid, and fetus(es). For the females slaughtered at 140 days of pregnancy, blood was collected to analyze metabolites and hormones every 15 days during gestation. The dry matter (DM) intake was lower in goats with twin pregnancies. The relative daily retention rate of the nutrients in the body was positive at 100 days of pregnancy but became negative at 140 days (-0.18 +/- 0.25 g DM kg(-1) of maternal body d(-1)) and did not differ with breed or number of fetuses. Fetal growth in twin pregnancies was 66% higher than in single pregnancies. The highest levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate and non-esterified fatty acids were observed beginning at 100 days of gestation. Serum total protein and albumin levels decreased after 125 days of gestation. Serum urea levels were reduced after 80 days of gestation. Plasma 17 beta-estradiol levels increased with the advance of pregnancy, and IGF-1 was highest between 60 and 80 days of gestation. The maternal metabolism throughout pregnancy does not vary with the type of pregnancy, and pregnant goats need greater nutritional intake during the final third of the gestational period regardless of the breed or type of pregnancy.
Dietary <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> K17 Improves Lipid Metabolism, Antioxidant Response, and Fillet Quality of <i>Micropterus salmoides</i>; Simple Summary In order to find effective antioxidants to improve the fleshy degeneration and liver tissue lesions of Micropterus salmoides that were fed artificial mixed feed, Lactobacillus casei K17, which displayed a high level of antioxidant activity in vitro and in vivo was selected in this study. The results indicated that after a trial for 69 days, live bacteria (LB), live bacteria protected by skim milk powder (MB), and dead bacteria were able to improve hemal and hepatic lipid metabolism and antioxidant response, reduce reactive oxygen species production, and protect Micropterus salmoides hepatic cells from injury, while LB and MB were also able to improve fillet quality. Therefore, Lactobacillus casei K17 might be a good alternative source of improving fillet quality and liver health in Micropterus salmoides. We previously demonstrated that Lactobacillus casei K17, isolated from Korean kimchi, has high antioxidant levels in vitro and in vivo. However, its effect on Micropterus salmoides is unknown. In this study, we investigated the impact of L. casei K17 supplementation on the lipid metabolism, antioxidant response, liver histology, and fillet quality of M. salmoides. We randomly assigned 450 M. salmoides (33.0 +/- 0.5 g) to six diet groups for 69 days. The diets were as follows: 0.85% normal saline; 10% skim milk powder; 1 x 10(8) CFU/g live L. casei K17 (LB); 1 x 10(8) live L. casei K17 protected by skim milk powder (MB); 1 x 10(8) dead L. casei K17 (DB); and L. casei K17 fermentation supernatant. MB significantly improved the crude protein, total collagen, alkaline-insoluble collagen, fiber numbers, hardness, chewiness, and gumminess of M. salmoides fillets (p < 0.05). LB significantly improved crude protein and fiber numbers (p < 0.05). Furthermore, dietary supplementation with LB, MB, and DB maintained normal liver histology, preserved liver function, and increased hepatic and hemal antioxidant status by enhancing antioxidant enzyme activities. Meanwhile, the three diets also promoted lipid metabolism by increasing HDL-C effectiveness and reducing total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in serum and liver tissues, indicating that dietary supplementation with DB, LB, and MB had hypolipidemic effects on M. salmoides. MB and LB significantly improved fillet quality and LB, MB, and DB improved hemal and hepatic lipid metabolism and antioxidant response and reduced reactive oxygen species production, protecting M. salmoides hepatic cells from injury.
Barriers to and facilitators and perceptions of nut consumption among the general population in New Zealand; Objective Despite considerable evidence supporting the health benefits of regular nut consumption, nut intakes remain lower than recommended among many populations. Understanding how the general population perceives nuts could inform strategies to promote regular nut consumption and increase intakes among the general public. Design Cross-sectional study. Participants were invited to complete a questionnaire which included information on nut consumption and knowledge and perceptions of nuts. Setting The study was set in New Zealand (NZ). Subjects Participants (n 1600), aged 18 years or over, were randomly selected from the NZ electoral roll. Results A total of 710 participants completed the questionnaire (response rate 44 %). More than half of the respondents believed that nuts are healthy, filling, high in protein and high in fat. The most common reason cited by consumers for eating nuts was taste (86 % for nuts, 85 % for nut butters), while dental issues was the most frequent reason for avoidance. About 40 % of respondents were not aware of the effects of nut consumption on lowering blood cholesterol and CVD risk. Conclusions Despite overall basic knowledge of the nutritional value of nuts, a substantial proportion of the general population was unaware of the cardioprotective effects of nuts. The present study identified common motivations for eating and avoiding nuts, as well as perceptions of nuts which could affect intake. These should guide the content and direction of public health messages to increase regular nut consumption. The public's knowledge gaps should also be addressed.
Impact of a Short-Term Naturopathic Whole-Foods-Based Nutrition Education Intervention on Dietary Behavior and Diabetes Risk Markers: A Pilot Study; Objective: To assess the feasibility of measuring the health impacts of a 12-week naturopathic whole foods nutrition education course among adults with or at risk for prediabetes. Design: A pilot nonrandomized pre-post intervention design investigated physiological changes associated with participation in a 12-week structured naturopathic nutrition education course. Follow-up measures were assessed at 6 and 12 months from baseline. Settings/Location: Three community-based kitchens in Oregon. Subjects: Forty-five adults with or at risk for prediabetes. Intervention: Twelve weekly 90-min workshops emphasizing the health benefits of a naturopathic whole foods diet and including collective meal preparation and communal dining. Outcome measures: Changes in biomarkers of diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk, including high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), hemoglobin A1c, insulin, and lipids, and changes in dietary behaviors at baseline, postintervention (12 weeks), and 6- and 12-month follow-up. Changes in biomarkers and food consumption patterns were assessed using linear mixed models with random intercept, including data from all participants who completed the end-of-intervention assessment. Results: Pre-post intervention results for 45 participants showed decreases in blood glucose and hs-CRP. Food frequency questionnaire data showed decreases in daily servings of grain, dairy, and fat postintervention. Decreases in blood glucose, hs-CRP, triglycerides, cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, very-low-density lipoprotein, and HbA1c from baseline were observed at 12-month follow-up. Both insulin and high-density lipoprotein were decreased from baseline and 12-week levels at the 6-month follow-up but increased from all earlier levels at 12 months (all p < 0.0001). Daily servings of meat, dairy, and fat remained decreased at 6-month follow-up. Reduced grain consumption observed at 12-week and at 6-month follow-up was not sustained, and increased at 12 months, although still decreased from baseline. Conclusions: Results suggest that this naturopathic nutrition education series may promote dietary behavior change with associated changes in clinical biomarkers. Larger controlled studies are needed to confirm these results.
Effects of camel milk in dyslipidaemia: A randomised clinical trial; Treating dyslipidaemia lowers the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Although statins stand as the first line agents used for CAD prevention, patients may not reach their recommended goals or they discontinue treatment due to adverse effects. Camel milk has been postulated to have an effect on dyslipidaemia. A single blind, randomised clinical trial was conducted with the aim of investigating the anti-dyslipidaemic effect of camel milk in patients with untreated dyslipidaemia. Study participants were recruited from the Family Medicine Clinics of the King Saud Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Blood levels of low density lipoprotein-cholesterol and total cholesterol dropped following three months of treatment with both statins and camel milk. The effects in both treatment groups were statistically equivalent. The results demonstrate that camel milk could be an alternative intervention to statin therapy for dyslipidaemia under some circumstances; however, further studies are needed to understand its efficacy. (c) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Probiotic reduces bacterial translocation in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomised controlled study; Gut bacterial translocation to the blood may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes. Here, we performed an interventional randomised control study to investigate whether probiotics could reduce bacterial translocation and cause changes in the gut microbiota. Seventy Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes were randomised to two groups: the probiotic group drank Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota-fermented milk, while the control group ingested no probiotics. The trial was conducted for 16 weeks. At baseline, 8 and 16 weeks, the gut microbiota composition in feces and blood, fecal organic acids, and other biochemical parameters were measured. At the end of the study, the fecal counts of the Clostridium coccoides group and Clostridium leptum subgroup in the probiotic group were significantly higher than in the control group. As expected, the fecal counts of total Lactobacillus were significantly higher in the probiotic group. Intriguingly, the total count of blood bacteria was significantly lower in the probiotic group. However, fecal organic acids were comparable between the two groups. Our results showed that probiotic administration reduced bacterial translocation and altered the gut microbiota in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of tea catechins on postprandial plasma lipid responses in human subjects; Epidemiological surveys suggest that a higher intake of tea may be associated with a lower risk of CHD. There is accumulating evidence that postprandial lipaemia makes a substantial contribution to the incidence of CHD. Our aim was, therefore, to evaluate the effect of tea catechins (major ingredients in green tea) on postprandial lipid responses in human subjects after the consumption of test meals. In a randomized triple-crossover design, nine male subjects with mild or borderline hypertriacylglycerolaemia consumed 10 (control), 224 (moderate dose) and 674 mg (high dose) of the assigned tea catechins three times each along with a standardized light meal consisting of a piece of bread spread with 20 g butter. Plasma lipids were measured in the fasting state and 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6 h after consuming the light meal. Results showed that, compared with the control, moderate and high doses of tea catechins reduced the incremental area under the plasma triacylglycerol curves by 15(.)1 and 28(.)7 %, respectively. Next, the rapid elevation of remnant-like particle cholesterol was significantly inhibited by a high dose of tea catechins 2 h after consuming the light meal (P < 0(.)01). In the range of tea catechin dosages, no significant differences were observed in the postprandial responses for plasma total cholesterol or NEFA at any time point. In conclusion, this trial demonstrated that tea catechins attenuated the postprandial increase in plasma triacylglycerol levels following a fat load. These results may provide evidence for one of the possible mechanisms involved in lowering the incidence of CVD, and may prove useful in further studies on the beneficial health effects of tea drinking.
The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Eating Plan Affects C-Reactive Protein, Coagulation Abnormalities, and Hepatic Function Tests among Type 2 Diabetic Patients; Few studies exist regarding the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on novel cardiovascular risk factors among type 2 diabetic patients. We evaluated the effects of the DASH eating pattern on C-reactive protein (CRP) level, coagulation abnormalities, and hepatic function tests in type 2 diabetic patients. In this randomized, crossover clinical trial, 31 type 2 diabetic patients consumed a control diet or the DASH diet for 8 wk. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/d sodium. The control diet was a standard diet for diabetic patients. There was a 4-wk washout between the 2 trial phases. The main outcome measures were CRP level, coagulation indices, and hepatic function tests. The mean percent change for plasma CRP level was -26.9 +/- 3.5% after the DASH diet period and -5.1 +/- 3.8% after the control diet period (P = 0.02). Decreases in both alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase levels were greater after consuming the DASH diet compared with the control diet (-14.8 +/- 3.0% vs -6.6 +/- 3.4%; P = 0.001; -29.4 +/- 3.7% vs -5.9 +/- 1.4%; P = 0.001, respectively). The decrease in the plasma fibrinogen level during the DASH diet period (-11.4 +/- 3.6%) was greater than that during the control diet (0.5 +/- 3.4%) (P = 0.03). Among diabetic patients, the DASH diet can play an important role in reducing inflammation, plasma levels of fibrinogen, and liver aminotransferases. Future longer term studies are recommended. J. Nutr. 141: 1083-1088, 2011.
Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink increased leptin and ghrelin levels but reduced leptin to ghrelin ratio in type 2 diabetes patients: a single blind randomized controlled trial; Purpose This study aimed to evaluate the effect of daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (doogh) in comparison with plain doogh on appetite-regulating hormones including leptin and ghrelin in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. Methods In a single blind randomized clinical trial, subjects with T2D were randomly allocated to one of the two groups and received either vitamin D3-fortified doogh (FD; containing 170 mg calcium and 500 IU/250 mL, n(2) = 50) or plain doogh (PD; containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL, n(1) = 50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Leptin and ghrelin were evaluated at the beginning and after 12 weeks of intervention. Results The intervention resulted in a significant improvement of circulating 25(OH) D, fasting glucose, Quantitative Insulin Check Index (QUICKI), hs-CRP, in FD compared with PD group. A significant rise in both serum leptin (+ 1.3 +/- 7.2 mg/L; p = 0.013) and ghrelin (10.1 +/- 26.1 ng/L; p = 0.012) was observed in FD group. A between-group difference for ghrelin changes (p = 0.029) remained significant after adjusting for changes QUICKI (p = 0.039), body mass index (p = 0.034) and hs-CRP (p = 0.022). Despite an increase in both leptin and ghrelin, leptin to ghrelin (L/G) ratio actually decreased in FD. Changes of L/G ratio showed a significant between-group difference (p = 0.036), which remained significant even after adjusting for changes of hs-CRP (p = 0.028) and fat mass (p = 0.047) but disappeared after adjusting for changes of QUICKI (p = 0.42). Conclusions Daily intake of vitamin D-fortified doogh may increase circulating leptin and ghrelin but L/G ratio may actually decrease. Our results suggest that improving vitamin D may result in an improvement in insulin sensitivity which may finally regulate beneficially appetite hormones. Further studies with adequate power are needed to confirm the results.
Regular consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (<i>Doogh</i>) improved endothelial biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized double-blind clinical trial; Background: Endothelial dysfunction has been proposed as the underlying cause of diabetic angiopathy that eventually leads to cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in diabetes. We recently demonstrated the ameliorating effect of regular vitamin D intake on the glycemic status of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). In this study, the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects were investigated. Methods: Subjects with T2D were randomly allocated to one of the two groups to receive either plain yogurt drink (PYD; containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL, n(1) = 50) or vitamin D3-fortified yogurt drink (FYD; containing 170 mg calcium and 500 IU/250 mL, n(2) = 50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measures, glycemic status, lipid profile, body fat mass (FM) and endothelial biomarkers including serum endothelin-1, E-selectin and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9 were evaluated at the beginning and after the 12-week intervention period. Results: The intervention resulted in a significant improvement in fasting glucose, the Quantitative Insulin Check Index (QUICKI), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), triacylglycerols, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), endothelin-1, E-selectin and MMP-9 in FYD compared to PYD (P < 0.05, for all). Interestingly, difference in changes of endothelin-1, E-selectin and MMP-9 concentrations in FYD compared to PYD (-0.35 +/- 0.63 versus -0.03 +/- 0.55, P = 0.028; -3.8 +/- 7.3 versus 0.95 +/- 8.3, P = 0.003 and -2.3 +/- 3.7 versus 0.44 +/- 7.1 ng/mL, respectively, P < 0.05 for all), even after controlling for changes of QUICKI, FM and waist circumference, remained significant for endothelin-1 and MMP-9 (P = 0.009 and P = 0.005, respectively) but disappeared for E-selectin (P = 0.092). On the contrary, after controlling for serum 25(OH) D, the differences disappeared for endothelin-1(P = 0.066) and MMP-9 (P = 0.277) but still remained significant for E-selectin (P = 0.011). Conclusions: Ameliorated vitamin D status was accompanied by improved glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects. Our findings suggest both direct and indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D on the endothelial biomarkers.
Effects of long-term cortisol treatments on gonadal development, sex steroids levels and ovarian cortisol content in cultured great sturgeon <i>Huso huso</i>; The objective of this study was to examine the effect of cortisol implantations on gonadal development, sex steroid levels, and ovarian cortisol content in cultured great sturgeon Huso huso. Three groups of 5 fish for each treatment were considered. The experimental groups included: control (capsules containing cocoa butter alone), low cortisol (C-5; 5 mg cortisol/kg body mass + cocoa butter) and, high cortisol (C-50; 50 mg cortisol/kg body mass + cocoa butter). The capsules containing hormones and cocoa butter were intraperitoneally implanted into 3-year-old female fish at pre-vitellogenic stage (mean initial body mass 6809.7 +/- 73 g) every 6 weeks over a 6-month period from January to June. The serum levels of cortisol, glucose, cholesterol and sex steroids (testosterone and 17 beta-estradiol) were determined at the initial time and three weeks after each implantation. Oocyte histological characteristics (the diameter and area of the oocyte, the diameter and area of the nucleus and the ratio of the nucleus area to the oocyte area) were measured at the end of the experiment and compared to those at the initial time. Ovarian cortisol content was measured at the end of the experiment. The results showed that serum cortisol levels varied in a dose-independent manner, so that the highest cortisol concentrations were observed in C-5-treated fish throughout the experiment. Serum glucose levels were significantly higher in cortisol-treated groups than those in the control group. The high dose of cortisol elicited a significant constant increase in serum cholesterol concentrations. Fish implanted with the high cortisol dose showed significant declines in serum testosterone and 17 beta-estradiol concentrations throughout the experiment. No significant differences were found in oocyte histological characteristics among experimental groups. The cortisol implants elicited a dose-dependent increase in ovarian cortisol content. At the end of trial, body-growth indices were the lowest in C-50-implanted fish, while the low cortisol dose had no effect on growth relative to the controls. These results indicated that chronic stress induced by cortisol implantation in great sturgeon suppressed gonadal steroidogenesis and somatic growth but had no effect on ovarian growth and development. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Normally Consumed Amounts of Sucrose or High Fructose Corn Syrup on Lipid Profiles, Body Composition and Related Parameters in Overweight/Obese Subjects; The American Heart Association (AHA) has advocated that women and men not consume more than 100 and 150 kcal/day, respectively, from added sugars. These levels are currently exceeded by over 90% of the adult population in the United States. Few data exist on longer-term metabolic effects when sucrose and High Fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS), the principal sources of added dietary sugars, are consumed at levels typical of the general population. Sixty five overweight and obese individuals were placed on a eucaloric (weight stable) diet for 10-weeks, which incorporated sucrose- or HFCS-sweetened, low-fat milk at 10% or 20% of calories in a randomized, double-blinded study. All groups responded similarly (interaction p > 0.05). There was no change in body weight in any of the groups over the 10-week study, or in systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Likewise, there were no changes in total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), or apolipoprotein B (Apo B). We conclude that (1) when consumed as part of a eucaloric diet fructosewhen given with glucose (as normally consumed) does not promote weight gain or an atherogenic lipid profile even when consumed at two to four times the level recently recommended by the AHA. (2) There were no differences between HFCS and sucrose on these parameters.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with plant sterols on serum lipids in patients with moderate hypercholesterolaemia; The objective of the present study was to assess the effect of consumption of a yoghurt-based drink enriched with 1-2 g plant sterols/d on serum lipids, transaminases, vitamins and hormone status in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia. Thirty patients were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a low-fat low-lactose yoghurt-based drink enriched with 1 g plant sterol extracted from soyabean/d v. a low-fat low-lactose yoghurt, for a period of 4 weeks. After a 2-week wash-out period, patients were crossed over for an additional 4-week period. Second, after a 4-week wash-out period, eleven patients were treated with 2 g plant sterols/d in a second open part of the study for a period of 8 weeks. The yoghurt enriched with plant sterols significantly reduced, in a dose-dependent manner, serum total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels and LDL-cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol (P <0.001), whereas no changes were observed in HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels, either in the first or the second part of the study. There were only slight, not statistically significant, differences in serum transaminase, vitamin and hormone levels. To conclude, a low-fat yoghurt-based drink moderately enriched with plant sterols may lower total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol effectively in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia.
Vegan dietary pattern for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases; Background Diet plays a major role in the aetiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and as a modifiable risk factor is the focus of many prevention strategies. Recently vegan diets have gained popularity and there is a need to synthesise existing clinical trial evidence for their potential in CVD prevention. Objectives To determine the eEectiveness of following a vegan dietary pattern for the primary and secondary prevention of CVD. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases on 4 February 2020: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase and Web of Science Core Collection. We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov in January 2021. We applied no-language restrictions. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in healthy adults and adults at high risk of CVD (primary prevention) and those with established CVD (secondary prevention). A vegan dietary pattern excludes meat, fish, eggs, dairy and honey; the intervention could be dietary advice, provision of relevant foods, or both. The comparison group received either no intervention, minimal intervention, or another dietary intervention. Outcomes included clinical events and CVD risk factors. We included only studies with follow-up periods of 12 weeks or more, defined as the intervention period plus post-intervention follow-up. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, extracted data and assessed risks of bias. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. We conducted three main comparisons: 1. Vegan dietary intervention versus no intervention or minimal intervention for primary prevention; 2. Vegan dietary intervention versus another dietary intervention for primary prevention; 3. Vegan dietary intervention versus another dietary intervention for secondary prevention. Main results Thirteen RCTs (38 papers, 7 trial registrations) and eight ongoing trials met our inclusion criteria. Most trials contributed to primary prevention: comparisons 1 (four trials, 466 participants randomised) and comparison 2 (eight trials, 409 participants randomised). We included only one secondary prevention trial for comparison 3 (63 participants randomised). None of the trials reported on clinical endpoints. Other primary outcomes included lipid levels and blood pressure. For comparison 1 there was moderate-certainty evidence from four trials with 449 participants that a vegan diet probably led to a small reduction in total cholesterol (mean diEerence (MD) -0.24 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.36 to -0.12) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (MD -0.22 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.32 to -0.11), a very small decrease in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels (MD -0.08 mmol/ L, 95% CI -0.11 to -0.04) and a very small increase in triglyceride levels (MD 0.11 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.21). The very small changes in HDL and triglyceride levels are in the opposite direction to that expected. There was a lack of evidence for an eEect with the vegan dietary intervention on systolic blood pressure (MD 0.94 mmHg, 95% CI -1.18 to 3.06; 3 trials, 374 participants) and diastolic blood pressure (MD -0.27 mmHg, 95% CI -1.67 to 1.12; 3 trials, 372 participants) (low-certainty evidence). For comparison 2 there was a lack of evidence for an eEect of the vegan dietary intervention on total cholesterol levels (MD -0.04 mmol/ L, 95% CI -0.28 to 0.20; 4 trials, 163 participants; low-certainty evidence). There was probably little or no eEect of the vegan dietary intervention on LDL (MD -0.05 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.21 to 0.11; 4 trials, 244 participants) or HDL cholesterol levels (MD -0.01 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.08 to 0.05; 5 trials, 256 participants) or triglycerides (MD 0.21 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.07 to 0.49; 5 trials, 256 participants) compared to other dietary interventions (moderate-certainty evidence). We are very uncertain about any eEect of the vegan dietary intervention on systolic blood pressure (MD 0.02 mmHg, 95% CI -3.59 to 3.62) or diastolic blood pressure (MD 0.63 mmHg, 95% CI -1.54 to 2.80; 5 trials, 247 participants (very low-certainty evidence)). Only one trial (63 participants) contributed to comparison 3, where there was a lack of evidence for an eEect of the vegan dietary intervention on lipid levels or blood pressure compared to other dietary interventions (low- or very low-certainty evidence). Four trials reported on adverse events, which were absent or minor. Authors' conclusions Studies were generally small with few participants contributing to each comparison group. None of the included studies report on CVD clinical events. There is currently insuEicient information to draw conclusions about the eEects of vegan dietary interventions on CVD risk factors. The eight ongoing studies identified will add to the evidence base, with all eight reporting on primary prevention. There is a paucity of evidence for secondary prevention.
Effect of an Excess Intake of Casein Hydrolysate Containing Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro in Subjects with Normal Blood Pressure, High-Normal Blood Pressure, or Mild Hypertension; A double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial was conducted to evaluate the effects of ingesting an excess of tablets containing casein hydrolysate, incorporating angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory peptides such as Val-Pro-Pro (VPP) and Ile-Pro-Pro (IPP), in subjects with blood pressure ranging from normal to mild hypertension. A total of 48 subjects were given either 5 times more than the effective amount of casein hydrolysate or a placebo in tablet form for 4 weeks. In the active group, systolic blood pressure (SBP) decreased significantly as compared with the placebo group. In stratified analysis, however, this antihypertensive effect was not found in normotensive subjects. In addition, neither an acute or nor an excessive reduction in blood pressure nor clinically important adverse events were observed in this study. These findings suggest that intake of a 5-fold excess of tablets containing casein hydrolysate can lead to a mild improvement in hypertension without side effects.
Effect of probiotic yoghurt on plasma glucose in overweight and obese pregnant women: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Introduction There is only some evidence about effectiveness of probiotics for preventing gestational hyperglycaemia. This trial examined the effects of probiotic yoghurts containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on maternal plasma glucose (primary outcome) and on some maternal and infant complications (secondary outcomes) in overweight and obese women with no diabetes in pregnancy. Methods Using stratified block randomization, women with pre- or early-pregnancy BMI >= 25 and fasting plasma glucose < 92 mg/dl at 22 weeks of gestation were assigned into probiotic or conventional yoghurt group, consuming 100 g/day from 24 weeks of gestation until delivery. The women and their infants were followed up until 1 month after birth. Results In each group, one out of 65 women had intra-uterine foetal death and were not analysed for other outcomes. The mean BMI was 29.2 (SD 3.3) in probiotic and 30.3 (SD 4.1) in conventional yoghurt group. Four weeks after initiation of the treatment, plasma glucose levels were significantly lower in the probiotic than in conventional yoghurt group at fasting (mean difference adjusted for the BMI category) and baseline FPG (- 4.0 mg/dl; 95% confidence interval - 6.9, - 1.1) and 2-h OGTT (- 13.9; - 22.8, - 5.0). At the 1-h OGTT, however, the difference was not statistically significant (- 9.8; - 20.6, 0.9). Further, there was a significantly lower infant bilirubin level in the probiotic group on days 3-5 after birth (- 2.2 mg/dl; - 3.3, - 1.2). There were not statistically significant differences between the groups regarding the risk of gestational diabetes (6 vs 11; odds ratio 0.5; 0.2, 1.5), preterm delivery (3 vs 8; 0.3; 0.1, 1.2), and other maternal and infant outcomes. Conclusion The probiotics supplementation has some beneficial effects on glucose metabolism of overweight and obese pregnant women. Nevertheless, further studies are required to judge the clinical significance of such effects.
Probiotics in clinical conditions; Probiotics are nonpathogenic microorganisms which, when ingested, exert a positive influence on the health or physiology of the host. Their mechanisms of action and effects are now studied using the same pharmacological approach as for drugs. This article summarizes and comments on evidence for the positive effects of probiotics in various clinical situations. Substantial evidence can be achieved when randomized controlled trials or meta-analyses show positive results. The clinical situations studied include prevention or treatment of antibiotic-associated disorders, gastroenteritis, and diarrhea, lactose intolerance, intestinal infections and colonization by pathogenic bacteria (including Helicobacter pylori and Clostridium difficile), traveler's diarrhea, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), colonic cancer, urogenital infections and tumors, allergy (especially atopic eczema), vaccination, and cholesterol lowering. Current probiotics have an excellent safety record-another topic discussed in this article. Key words: Probiotics, bifidobacterium, lactobacillus, intestinal infections, antibiotic-associated diarrhea, gastroenteritis, traveler's diarrhea, intestinal flora, inflammatory bowel disease, colonic cancer, allergy, atopic eczema, oral vaccination, safety of probiotics. Probiotics can be defined as nonpathogenic microorganisms which, when ingested, exert a positive influence on host health or physiology (1). They consist of either bacteria, especially lactic-acid bacteria (LAB), or yeast (Saccharomyces), and are increasingly used in foods-especially fermented milks-and pharmaceutical products. Physicians have long been skeptical about their "real" efficacy (2,3), and have raised three basic questions: are probiotic products stable, do they survive in the gastrointestinal tract, and what is the level of evidence for their efficacy? A pharmacological approach was used to assess the positive effects and potential side effects of the products as well as their pharmacokinetics (2,4). The level of evidence for efficacy can be assessed with the rules of evidence-based medicine. We now know that the stability of many products (but not all) is good (5), that many strains (but not all) survive in the gastrointestinal tract (4), and that many double-blind randomized controlled trials (RCT) reported that some probiotics were more efficient than a placebo or a control treatment in specific clinical situations. The effects can be direct or indirect through modulation of the endogenous flora or of the immune system (2). Some effects have clearly been demonstrated, and the level of evidence is still lower for other effects. The article summarizes the present knowledge on the clinical applications of probiotics in humans.
Influence of dietary cholesterol on vitamin D metabolism in formula-fed preterm neonates; Objectives: Supplementation of preterm formulas with cholesterol could help to mimic the fat composition of human milk. However, this could possibly influence vitamin D 25-hydroxylation because this reaction is catalyzed in part by the mitochondrial cytochrome P-450, the enzyme responsible for the 27-hydroxylation of cholesterol. The purpose of this study was to verify whether the addition of cholesterol to preterm formulas could interfere with vitamin D metabolism in preterm neonates. Methods: In a prospective study, 30 preterm neonates were randomly assigned to a low (< 0.03 g/L), medium (0.15 g/L), or high (0.30 g/L) cholesterol-content preterm formula until theoretical term (i.e., 40 weeks post-conceptional age). Anthropometric data and serum hydroxy-vitamin D and 1,25 dihydroxyvitamin D concentrations were measured at study entry and theoretical term. In a subgroup of 14 subjects, serum cholesterol and lymphocyte 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase mRNA were also assessed. Results: (median [25(th), 75(th) centiles]): At theoretical term, there were no significant differences in serum hydroxy-vitamin D concentrations among the three groups, even after adjustment for confounding variables (65 [50, 78] nmol/L, 79 [59, 86] nmol/L, and 67 [43, 103] nmol/L, respectively, P = 0.65) or 1,25 dihydroxy-vitamin D (P = 0.88). Furthermore, there were no significant differences in 3-hydroxy-3-methylghltaryl coenzyme A reductase mRNA copy numbers. Conclusions: In preterm neonates fed formulas with a cholesterol content similar to or higher than that of human milk, we did not observe deleterious effects on vitamin D metabolism. However, long-term effects of cholesterol supplementation require further studies.
Phosphorus Supplementation Mitigated Food Intake and Growth of Rats Fed a Low-Protein Diet; Background: Low protein intake is associated with various negative health outcomes at any life stage. When diets do not contain sufficient protein, phosphorus availability is compromised because proteins are the major sources of phosphorus. However, whether mineral phosphorus supplementation mitigates this problem is unknown, to our knowledge. Objective: Our goal was to determine the impact of dietary phosphorus supplementation on food intake, weight gain, energy efficiency, body composition, blood metabolites, and liver histology in rats fed a low-protein diet for 9 wk. Methods: Forty-nine 6-wk-old male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly allocated to 5 groups and consumed 5 isocaloric diets ad libitum that varied only in protein (egg white) and phosphorus concentrations for 9 wk. The control group received a 20% protein diet with 0.3% P (NP-0.3P). The 4 other groups were fed a low-protein (10%) diet with a phosphorus concentration of 0.015%, 0.056%, 0.1%, or 0.3% (LP-0.3P). The rats' weight, body and liver composition, and plasma biomarkers were then assessed. Results: The addition of phosphorus to the low-protein diet significantly increased food intake, weight gain, and energy efficiency, which were similar among the groups that received 0.3% P (LP-0.3P and NP-0.3P) regardless of dietary protein content. In addition, phosphorus supplementation of low-protein diets reduced plasma urea nitrogen and increased total body protein content (defatted). Changes in food intake and efficiency, body weight and composition, and plasma urea concentration were highly pronounced at a dietary phosphorus content,0.1%, which may represent a critical threshold. Conclusions: The addition of phosphorus to low-protein diets improved growth measures in rats, mainly as a result of enhanced energy efficiency. A dietary phosphorus concentration of 0.3% mitigated detrimental effects of low-protein diets on growth parameters.
The Structure of Relationships between the Human Exposome and Cardiometabolic Health: The Million Veteran Program; The exposome represents the array of dietary, lifestyle, and demographic factors to which an individual is exposed. Individual components of the exposome, or groups of components, are recognized as influencing many aspects of human physiology, including cardiometabolic health. However, the influence of the whole exposome on health outcomes is poorly understood and may differ substantially from the sum of its individual components. As such, studies of the complete exposome are more biologically representative than fragmented models based on subsets of factors. This study aimed to model the system of relationships underlying the way in which the diet, lifestyle, and demographic components of the overall exposome shapes the cardiometabolic risk profile. The current study included 36,496 US Veterans enrolled in the VA Million Veteran Program (MVP) who had complete assessments of their diet, lifestyle, demography, and markers of cardiometabolic health, including serum lipids, blood pressure, and glycemic control. The cohort was randomly divided into training and validation datasets. In the training dataset, we conducted two separate exploratory factor analyses (EFA) to identify common factors among exposures (diet, demographics, and physical activity) and laboratory measures (lipids, blood pressure, and glycemic control), respectively. In the validation dataset, we used multiple normal regression to examine the combined effects of exposure factors on the clinical factors representing cardiometabolic health. The mean +/- SD age of participants was 62.4 +/- 13.4 years for both the training and validation datasets. The EFA revealed 19 Exposure Common Factors and 5 Physiology Common Factors that explained the observed (measured) data. Multivariate regression in the validation dataset revealed the structure of associations between the Exposure Common Factors and the Physiology Common Factors. For example, we found that the factor for fruit consumption was inversely associated with the factor summarizing total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC, p = 0.008), and the latent construct describing light levels of physical activity was inversely associated with the blood pressure latent construct (p < 0.0001). We also found that a factor summarizing that participants who frequently consume whole milk are less likely to frequently consume skim milk, was positively associated with the latent constructs representing total cholesterol and LDLC as well as systolic and diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.0006 and <0.0001, respectively). Multiple multivariable-adjusted regression analyses of exposome factors allowed us to model the influence of the exposome as a whole. In this metadata-rich, prospective cohort of US Veterans, there was evidence of structural relationships between diet, lifestyle, and demographic exposures and subsequent markers of cardiometabolic health. This methodology could be applied to answer a variety of research questions about human health exposures that utilize electronic health record data and can accommodate continuous, ordinal, and binary data derived from questionnaires. Further work to explore the potential utility of including genetic risk scores and time-varying covariates is warranted.
DIETARY HABITS, INTERNAL MIGRATION AND SOCIAL-CLASS IN A SAMPLE OF A NORTHERN ITALIAN POPULATION; The study of migrants has generated interesting hypotheses on the etiology of different types of cancer.  In particular, it has been suggested that both colon and breast cancer could be related to living conditions, including diet, in the country of immigration. Considerable internal migration occurred in Italy in the sixties. We studied a random sample of 1,400 subjects living in the city of Torino and the province of Varese. They were interviewed with a detailed questionnaire about their dietary habits, and the consumption of several nutrients was considered according to the area of birth and social class. The hypothesis we tested was whether, after controlling for social class, there were different dietary habits among the migrants and the native population, and whether such differences could help in the formulation of etiologic hypotheses on cancer. We found that the intake of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol was lower among the migrants from the south, whereas they consumed higher levels of vegetables than people born in the north. The different intake of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol seemed to be attributable mainly to the consumption of butter, for which the south/north ratio was as low as 0.47 in men and 0.56 in women. Important gradients by social class were also suggested for several nutrients.
Effects of Soy Protein Containing of Isoflavones and Isoflavones Extract on Plasma Lipid Profile in Postmenopausal Women as a Potential Prevention Factor in Cardiovascular Diseases: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; The aim of the report was to evaluate the impact of soy protein containing isoflavones and soy isoflavones extract on lipid profile in postmenopausal women, as compared with placebo or protein of milk, casein or isolated soy protein with or without trace isoflavone content. We used the following databases: MEDLINE (PubMed), EMBASE and the Cochrane Library. Quantitative data synthesis was performed by applying a random-effects model. Subgroup analysis and meta-regression were performed to assess the modifiers of treatment response. In total, in the analysis studies, 2305 postmenopausal women took part. Changes in the lipid profile showed statistically significant decreases of total cholesterol by -0.12 (95% CI: -0.21, -0.03) mmol/L, -4.64 (95% CI: -8.12, -1.16) mg/dL, p = 0.01 and increased HDL-cholesterol by 0.03 (95% CI: 0.00, 0.06) mmol/L, 1.15 (95% CI: 0.00, 1.93) mg/dL, p = 0.05, as well as in LDL-cholesterol -0.05 (95% CI: -0.11, 0.01) mmol/L, -1.93 (95% CI: -4.25, 0.39) mg/dL, p = 0.08 and triacylglycerols -0.07 (95% CI: -0.14, 0.00) mmol/L, -6.123 (95% CI: -12.25, 0.00) mg/dL, p = 0.06. Our results suggests that soy and its isoflavones can be effective in correction changes in lipid metabolism in postmenopausal women and may favorably influence in preventing cardiovascular events.
Effect of chelated chromium supplementation on lactation performance and blood parameters of Holstein cows under heat stress; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of chelated chromium supplementation on lactation performance and blood components of Holstein cows under heat stress. One hundred and sixty multiparous lactating Holstein cows (120-130 days post-partum), were used in this study. Animals were divided equally (80 cows/treatment) and were randomly allocated to one of two treatment diets. Diet 1, was total mixed rations (TMR) without chromium (Cr) added and served as a control. Diet 2, basal diet, with chromium yeast (chelated chromium) added at manufacturer's recommended level (4 g/head per day). The average maximum and minimum air temperatures were 29.0 and 24.80degreesC respectively. The averaged temperature-humidity index (THI) was 78.6 units. Adding chromium yeast to the diet of dairy cows increased milk yield and feed intake. No significant differences were found between the two treatments in milk fat, protein, lactose, and solids non-fat (SNF) percentage. Adding chromium to the diet of lactating cows did not show any effect on blood serum level of hemagglutination test (HA), albumen, and glucose, while concentration of total blood protein and globulin was decreased. The ratio of albumin/globulin and cholesterol level increased significantly by adding chromium (P < 0.01). Adding chelated chromium to the diet of dairy cows under heat stress improved milk yield and feed intake without affecting milk component. (C) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
IMPLICATION OF FEEDING ISOENERGETIC DIETS CONTAINING ANIMAL FAT ON MILK-COMPOSITION OF ALPINE DOES DURING EARLY LACTATION; Lactation and digestion trials were conducted to test the hypothesis that supplemental animal fat in goat diets would alleviate low fat content and decrease concentrations of fatty acids responsible for flavor problems in goat milk during early lactation. In a 17-wk trial, 14 Alpine does were assigned randomly to isonitrogenous and isoenergetic diets with either 0 or 5% animal fat in a double crossover experiment. Intakes of NDF and ADF were higher in goats fed 5% dietary fat, but intakes of other nutrients were similar between treatments. Total ruminal VFA concentration was lower, and acetate and butyrate proportions were higher, in does fed 5% fat. Plasma NEFA, triglyceride, and total cholesterol were higher in does fed 5% fat. Milk fat content was higher in does fed 5% fat (3.8 vs. 3.1%). Yields of 4% FCM and SCM were similar between treatments. No differences were observed in milk cholesterol content as a result of dietary animal fat. Milk caproic, caprylic, capric, lauric, and myristic acids were lower, whereas palmitic, stearic, and oleic acids were higher, in milk from does fed 5% fat. Efficiencies of feed, energy, and protein for milk yield were not altered by supplemental animal fat in the diet. We concluded that an intake of animal fat combined with high fiber altered lipid metabolism in the rumen and peripheral circulation and contributed to changes in fat content and fatty acid composition in goat milk.
METAANALYSIS OF THE EFFECTS OF SOY PROTEIN-INTAKE ON SERUM-LIPIDS; Background. In laboratory animals, the consumption of soy protein, rather than animal protein, decreases serum cholesterol concentrations, but studies in humans have been inconclusive. In this meta-analysis of 38 controlled clinical trials, we examined the relation between soy protein consumption and serum lipid concentrations in humans. Methods. We used a random-effects model to quantify the average effects of soy protein intake on serum lipids in the studies we examined and used hierarchical mixed-effects regression models to predict variation as a function of the characteristics of the studies. Results. In most of the studies, the intake of energy, fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol was similar when the subjects ingested control and soy-containing diets; soy protein intake averaged 47 g per day. Ingestion of soy protein was associated with the following net changes in serum lipid concentrations from the concentrations reached with the control diet: total cholesterol, a decrease of 23.2 mg per deciliter (0.60 mmol per liter; 95 percent confidence interval, 13.5 to 32.9 mg per deciliter [0.35 to 0.85 mmol per liter]), or 9.3 percent; low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, a decrease of 21.7 mg per deciliter (0.56 mmol per liter; 95 percent confidence interval, 11.2 to 31.7 mg per deciliter [0.30 to 0.82 mmol per liter]), or 12.9 percent; and triglycerides, a decrease of 13.3 mg per deciliter (0.15 mmol per liter; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.3 to 25.7 mg per deciliter [0.003 to 0.29 mmol per liter]), or 10.5 percent, The changes in serum cholesterol and LDL cholesterol concentrations were directly related to the initial serum cholesterol concentration (P<0.001). The ingestion of soy protein was associated with a nonsignificant 2.4 percent increase in serum concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Conclusions, We found that the consumption of soy protein rather than animal protein significantly decreased serum concentrations of total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides.
Randomized, Double-Blind, Controlled, Comparative Trial of Formula Food Containing Soy Protein vs. Milk Protein in Visceral Fat Obesity - FLAVO Study -; Background: The purpose of the present study was to clarify the efficacy of soy at reducing visceral fat. A randomized, double-blind, controlled, comparative trial was carried out to compare formula food containing soy protein (SP) to the same food in which soy was replaced with milk protein (MP). Methods and Results: Forty-eight participants were enrolled for the treatment of visceral fat obesity (visceral fat area >100 cm(2) on computed tomography). The SP formula contained 12g of SP, 9g of MP, and other nutrients, and was given for 20 weeks in the morning, while in the MP formula SP was replaced with MP. During the 20 weeks of the trial period, visceral fat area and subcutaneous fat area in the MP group were significantly reduced, while those in the SP group did not change as assessed on analysis of covariance. Although waist circumference was reduced in both the SP and MP groups, body weight and body mass index were significantly reduced only in the MP group. Based on a mixed-effects model, the difference in log-transformed visceral fat profiles between the 2 groups was statistically significant (P<0.05), while a negative relationship was observed between the changes in visceral fat and adiponectin in the MP group (P<0.001), but not in the SP group. Conclusions: Formula food containing MP is superior to that containing SP for reducing visceral and subcutaneous fatt (Circ J 2011; 75: 2235-2243)
Physical Activity and Prostate Cancer Mortality in Puerto Rican Men; Studies on the association between physical activity and fatal prostate cancer have produced inconclusive results. The Puerto Rico Heart Health Program was a cohort study of a randomly selected sample of 9824 men age 35 to 79 years at baseline who were followed for mortality until 2002. Multiple examinations collected information on lifestyle, diet, body composition, exercise, urban-rural residence, and smoking habits. Physical activity status was measured using the Framingham Physical Activity Index, an assessment of occupational, leisure-time, and other physical activities measured as usual activity over the course of a 24-hour day. Physical activity was stratified into quartiles. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to assess the association of physical activity with prostate cancer mortality. Other covariates included age, education, urban-rural residence, smoking, and body mass index. Compared with the lowest level of physical activity (Q1), the risk of prostate cancer mortality was OR = 0.99 (95% CI = 0.64-1.55) for Q2, OR = 1.34 (95% CI = 0.88-2.05) for Q3, and OR = 1.19 (95% CI = 0.75-1.90) for Q4. Further analyses by age group, overweight status, or vigorous physical activity also did not show a significant association between physical activity and prostate cancer mortality. Physical activity did not predict prostate cancer mortality in this group of Puerto Rican men.
Effect of 8 Weeks milk thistle powder (silymarin extract) supplementation on fatty liver disease in patients candidates for bariatric surgery; Introduction: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease worldwide and is becoming the most frequent indication of liver transplantation. At present, since no Food and Drug Association (FDA) approved medication exists for NAFLD patients, bariatric surgery is indicated for the significant improvement in obesity-related comorbidities, such as NAFLD. However, alternative therapy is emerging to manage NAFLD. Problematically, many patients taking herbal remedies, such as Silymarin (milk thistle), with little/no understanding of its purported properties. Methods: Fifty-two morbidly-obese (47.84 +/- 6.48 kg m-2) patient candidates (mean age: 38.90 +/- 10.28 years; n = 41 women and 11 men) for bariatric surgery with NAFLD were randomly assigned to determine the efficacy of eight weeks of Silymarin supplementation (140 mg four times daily for a total of 560 mg) on the aspartate transaminase (AST)/alanine transaminase (ALT) (AST/ALT) ratio, Fibrosis-4 (Fib-4) score, NAFLD score, sonographic grading, and fibroscan stages of NAFLD. Results: Significant (p <= 0.05) improvements were found in AST/ALT ratio, BMI and sonographic grading. No significant change was found for fibroscan staging, Fib-4, and NAFLD scores. Conclusion: Silymarin improved ultrasound fatty liver grading and liver enzymes morbidly-obese patient candidates for bariatric surgery with NAFLD after only eight weeks, without any adverse effects.
A Mechanistic dynamic simulation model of nutrient utilization, growth and body composition in pre-weaned lambs reared artificially; A mechanistic dynamic model was developed to simulate the growth and body composition of pre-weaned lambs reared artificially. The results of the simulated model were evaluated using data from the three experiments involving 79 twin-born male lambs randomly allocated to different combinations of milk replacer and pellet feeds resulting in ten treatment groups. The accuracy of simulation of the output traits was evaluated by mean bias, concordance correlation coefficient (CCC), relative predictive error (RPE) and the coefficient of determination (R-2). The model accurately simulated daily protein deposition (mean bias = 0.07 g /d +/- 1.5; R-2 = 0.93; RPE = 4.21 %; CCC = 0.96), water deposition (mean bias = -2.34 +/- 6.75 g /d +/- 1.5; R-2 = 0.97; RPE = 6.23 %; CCC = 0.94) and ash deposition (mean bias = 0.22 +/- 0.43 g /d +/- 1.5; R-2 = 0.83; RPE = 9.00 %; CCC = 0.87) rates. Fat deposition in lambs was underestimated (paired t-test, P < 0.05; mean bias = 3.75 +/- 4.99 g /d) due to an over-estimation of maintenance energy requirement for lambs given restricted access to pellet feeds and, therefore, resulting in an overall poor prediction of fat deposition rate (R-2 = 0.37 RPE = 29.78%; CCC = 0.34). Empty body weight at slaughter of the lambs was accurately simulated (R-2 = 0.95 RPE = 1.66%; CCC = 0.97). Although live weights (LW) and average daily gains (ADG) of the lambs were underestimated (paired t-test, P < 0.05), the accuracies of the overall simulated means for LW and ADG were substantial (R-2 = 0.90 and 0.99; RPE = 3.73 % and 6.11; CCC = 0.89 and 0.95 for LW and ADG, respectively). The model was re-run after adjusting for the maintenance energy function. The R-2 and CCC values for daily fat deposition increased from 0.37 to 0.46 and from 0.34 to 0.67 respectively, while the RPE decreased from 29.78% to 10.68% and overall actual and simulated mean fat deposited were not different (paired-t-test, P > 0.05). The evaluations presented indicated that the lamb growth model developed in this study can be used to simulate, with acceptable accuracy, pre-weaned lamb growth and body composition under different artificial rearing conditions where milk replacer, pellet intake and composition varies.
Effects of ewe's milk yogurt (whole and semi-skimmed) and cow's milk yogurt on inflammation markers and gut microbiota of subjects with borderline-high plasma cholesterol levels: a crossover study; PurposeEwe's milk yogurt is richer in proteins, minerals and short- and medium-chain fatty acids compared to cow's milk yogurt. We aimed to evaluate the effects of cow's milk yogurt (CW, 3.0% fat), semi-skimmed (ES, 2.8% fat) and whole ewe's milk yogurts (EW, 5.8% fat) on inflammatory markers and gut microbiota in subjects with borderline-high plasma cholesterol.Methodology30 adults (16 women) were randomized into a crossover study to consume 250g/yogurt/day during three 5-week periods (4-week washouts). Plasma insulin, leptin, adhesion molecules, cytokines and gut microbiota composition (qPCR) were analysed. Rates of change were used to assess treatment effects both in the whole group and in subgroups of subjects with different cholesterol/HDL-c ratio (Cho-I group A: the top 6 women and 4 men values; Cho-I group B: remaining subjects).ResultsThe yogurts showed no different effects on the inflammatory biomarkers or the microbiota of the whole group. However, ICAM-1 and P-selectin rates of change were lower after EW compared to CW and ES, respectively, in subjects of the Cho-I group A (P=0.047 and P=0.020). Women of this group showed lower MCP-1 rates of change after EW compared to ES and CW (P=0.028, both). Blautia coccoides-Eubacterium rectale decreased in women of the Cho-I group A during EW vs. ES (P=0.028).ConclusionEwe's yogurt effects on inflammatory markers and microbiota were not different from those after cow's yogurt, but the attenuation of some inflammatory biomarkers with ewe's whole-milk yogurt in subjects with the highest TC/HDL-c deserves further study.
Supplementation with CLA: Isomer incorporation into serum lipids and effect on body fat of women; Animal studies have suggested that CLA, a natural component of meat and dairy products, may confer beneficial effects on health. However, human studies using supplementation with CLA have produced contradictory results. The aim of the present study was to further investigate the effect of CLA supplementation on human body fat, serum leptin, and serum lipids, as well as the incorporation of CLA isomers into serum lipids classes. Sixteen young healthy nonobese sedentary women received 2.1 g of CLA (divided equally between the cis,trans-9,11 and trans,cis-10,12 isomers) daily for 45 d and placebo for 45 d in a randomized double-blind crossover design. Body fat was estimated (by measurement of skinfold thickness at 10 sites), and blood was sampled at the beginning, middle, and end of the entire intervention period; an additional blood sample was obtained 2 wk thereafter. No significant differences in energy, carbohydrate, lipid, or protein intake existed between the CLA and placebo intake periods. No significant differences were found in body fat or serum leptin, TAG, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, and alanine aminotransferase between CLA and placebo. The CLA isomer content of serum TAG, phospholipids, and total lipids increased 2-5 times with CLA supplementation (P < 0.05). In contrast, the CLA content of cholesteryl esters did not change significantly. The period of 2 wk after he end of CLA supplementation was sufficient for its washout from serum lipids. These data indicate that supplementation with 2.1 g of CLA daily for 45 d increased its levels in blood but had no effect on body composition or the lipidemic profile of nonobese women.
Effect of soy protein containing isoflavones on cognitive function, bone mineral density, and plasma lipids in postmenopausal women - A randomized controlled trial; Context Postmenopausal estrogen therapy has been posited to have some beneficial effects on aging processes, but its use has risks. Isoflavones, estrogenlike compounds naturally occurring in plant foods, might confer positive effects with fewer adverse effects. Objective To investigate whether soy protein with isoflavones improves cognitive function, bone mineral density, and plasma lipids in postmenopausal women. Design, Setting, and Participants Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of 202 healthy postmenopausal women aged 60 to 75 years, recruited from a population-based sample in the Netherlands, conducted between April 2000 and September 2001. Intervention Participants were randomly assigned to receive 25.6 g of soy protein containing 99 mg of isoflavones (52 mg genistein, 41 mg daidzein, and 6 mg glycetein or total milk protein as a powder on a daily basis for 12 months. Main Outcome Measures Cognitive function was assessed using the following instruments: dementia, Mini-Mental State Examination; memory, Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test, immediate recall, delayed recall, and recognition, the Digit Span forward and reversed, and the Doors test; complex attention tasks, Digit Symbol Substitution and Trailmaking, A1, A2, and B; and verbal skills, Verbal Fluency A and N, animals and occupations, and the Boston Naming Task. Bone mineral density of the hip and lumbar spine was assessed using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scanning. Lipid assessment included lipoprotein(a), total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, and triglycerides. Results A total of 175 women completed the baseline and at least 1 postintervention analysis and were included in the modified intent-to-treat analysis. Adherence was good (median plasma genistein levels, 17.2 and 615.1 nmol/L for placebo and soy group, respectively). Cognitive function, bone mineral density, or plasma lipids did not differ significantly between the groups after a year. Conclusion This double-blind randomized trial does not support the hypothesis that the use of soy protein supplement containing isoflavones improves cognitive function, bone mineral density, or plasma lipids in healthy postmenopausal women when started at the age of 60 years or later.
EFFECTS OF MULTI-STRAIN PROBIOTICS ADMINISTRATION ON GROWTH PERFORMANCE AND HEALTH STATUS IN DAIRY AND BEEF-DAIRY CROSSBREED CALVES; The aim of the current study was to evaluate the effects of multi-strain probiotic administration on dairy and crossbreed calves' growth performances and health status. The calves were homogeneously assigned into four groups, as follows: dairy experimental (E-d, n=12), dairy control (C-d, n=12), crossbreed experimental (E-c, n=6) and crossbreed control (C-c, n=6). All calves were managed identically, being housed individually, with the experimental groups receiving 2 ml of multi-strain probiotic (Enterococcus faecium and Lactobacillus plantarum) per day. Blood sampling and growth performance were assessed at 1(st), 14(th) and 28(th) days of the trial. Probiotic supplementation had no significant effects on hematologic profile (P>0.05). However, serum blood glucose and total cholesterol were significantly lowered (P<0.05) in the probiotic treated groups. Multistrain probiotic administration had significant effects on calves (P<0.05), improving the weight gain of both dairy and crossbreed groups (E-d and E-c) compared with control groups (C-d and C-c), at the end of the trial. Current results suggest that multi-strain probiotics support calves early-stage development.
Size-Dependent Lipid Content of Bovine Milk Fat Globule and Membrane Phospholipids; The mammary epithelial cell produces unique structures and a range of diversely sized lipid particles from tens of micrometers to less than 1 mu m. The physical, chemical, and biological properties of the differently sized milk fat globules (MFGs) and their complex membranes are not well described. Six size fractions of MFGs were obtained by gravity-based separation and analyzed, and their partial lipidome was determined. The smallest MFGs had a higher concentration of polyunsaturated fatty acids (FAs). The FAs indicative of elongase activity were highest in the smallest MFGs, whereas those FAs indicative of desaturase activity did not differ between size groups. The phosphatidylinositol concentration was highest whereas the phosphatidylserine concentration was lowest in MFGs with an average diameter of 2 mu m. Phosphatidylethanolamine and cholesterol concentrations were highest whereas that of sphingomyelin was lowest in MFGs with an average diameter of 3 mu m. Phosphatidylcholine concentrations did not vary between the size groups. Results suggest that the assembly of milk fat globules that differ in size is not a homogeneous nor random process and that the differences in composition may reflect discrete biosynthetic routes.
Dual probiotic strains suppress high fructose-induced metabolic syndrome; AIM: To investigate the effect of novel probiotics on the clinical characteristics of high-fructose induced metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Male Wistar rats aged 4 wk were fed a 70% w/w high-fructose diet (n = 27) or chow diet (n = 9) for 3 wk to induce metabolic syndrome, the rats were then randomized into groups and administered probiotic [Lactobacillus curvatus (L. curvatus) HY7601 and Lactobacillus plantarum (L. plantarum) KY1032] at 10(9) cfu/d or 10(10) cfu/d or placebo by oral gavage for 3 wk. Food intake and body weight were measured once a week. After 6 wk, the rats were fasted for 12 h, then anesthetized with diethyl ether and sacrificed. Blood samples were taken from the inferior vena cava for plasma analysis of glucose, insulin, C-peptide, total-cholesterol, triglycerides and thiobarbituric acid-reacting substances. Real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed using mouse-specific Taqman probe sets to assess genes related to fatty acid beta-oxidation, lipogenesis and cholesterol metabolism in the liver. Target gene expression was normalized to the housekeeping gene, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. RESULTS: Rodents fed a high-fructose diet developed clinical characteristics of the metabolic syndrome including increased plasma glucose, insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol and oxidative stress levels, as well as increased liver mass and liver lipids compared to chow fed controls. Probiotic treatment (L. curvatus HY7601 and L. plantarum KY1032) at high (10(10) cfu/d) or low dosage (10(9) cfu/d) lowered plasma glucose, insulin, triglycerides and oxidative stress levels. Only high-dose probiotic treatment reduced liver mass and liver cholesterol. Probiotic treatment reduced lipogenesis via down-regulation of SREBP1, FAS and SCD1 mRNA levels and increased beta-oxidation via up-regulation of PPAR alpha and CPT2 mRNA levels. CONCLUSION: Probiotic L. curvatus HY7601 and L. plantarum KY1032 combined suppressed the clinical characteristics of high-fructose-induced metabolic syndrome, therefore, may provide a natural alternative for the treatment of diet-induced metabolic syndrome. (C) 2013 Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Protein supplementation improves lean body mass in physically active older adults: a randomized placebo-controlled trial; Background An inadequate protein intake may offset the muscle protein synthetic response after physical activity, reducing the possible benefits of an active lifestyle for muscle mass. We examined the effects of 12 weeks of daily protein supplementation on lean body mass, muscle strength, and physical performance in physically active older adults with a low habitual protein intake (<1.0 g/kg/day). Methods A randomized double-blinded controlled trial was performed among 116 physically active older adults [age 69 (interquartile range: 67-73) years, 82% male] who were training for a 4 day walking event of 30, 40, or 50 km/day. Participants were randomly allocated to either 31 g of milk protein or iso-caloric placebo supplementation for 12 weeks. Body composition (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), strength (isometric leg extension and grip strength), quadriceps contractile function, and physical performance [Short Physical Performance Battery, Timed Up-and-Go test, and cardiorespiratory fitness (angstrom strand-Rhyming submaximal exercise test)] were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks. We assessed vitamin D status and markers of muscle damage and renal function in blood and urine samples before and after intervention. Results A larger increase in relative lean body mass was observed in the protein vs. placebo group ( increment 0.93 +/- 1.22% vs. increment 0.44 +/- 1.40%, P-Interaction = 0.046). Absolute and relative fat mass decreased more in the protein group than in the placebo group ( increment -0.90 +/- 1.22 kg vs. increment -0.31 +/- 1.28 kg, P-Interaction = 0.013 and increment -0.92 +/- 1.19% vs. increment -0.39 +/- 1.36%, P-Interaction = 0.029, respectively). Strength and contractile function did not change in both groups. Gait speed, chair-rise ability, Timed Up-and-Go, and cardiorespiratory fitness improved in both groups (P < 0.001), but no between-group differences were observed. Serum urea increased in the protein group, whereas no changes were observed in the placebo group (P-Interaction < 0.001). No between-group differences were observed for vitamin D status, muscle damage, and renal function markers. Conclusions In physically active older adults with relatively low habitual dietary protein consumption, an improvement in physical performance, an increase in lean body mass, and a decrease in fat mass were observed after walking exercise training. A larger increase in relative lean body mass and larger reduction in fat mass were observed in participants receiving 12 weeks of daily protein supplementation compared with controls, whereas this was not accompanied by differences in improvements between groups in muscle strength and physical performance.
A double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial compares the cholesterollowering effects of two different soy protein preparations in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background Soy protein is effective in lowering plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations. It has not been conclusively answered, whether and to what extent other soy constituents may also contribute to this effect. Objective To investigate the change in blood lipid levels after application of two soy-based supplements containing soy protein either without (SuproSoy(R)) or with (Abacor(R)) soy fiber and phospholipids in a randomized placebo-controlled triple-armed study. Methods 121 hypercholesterolemic adults ( 66 females, 55 males) were recruited and randomly assigned to one of three treatments. Over 8 weeks they received daily either 25 g soy protein ( as a component of the supplements Abacor(R) or SuproSoy(R)) or 25 g milk protein ( as a component of placebo). Serum lipids were measured at baseline and after 4, 6 and 8 weeks. Results After 8 weeks of supplementation total cholesterol levels were reduced by 8.0 +/- 9.6% (Abacor(R)) and 3.4 +/- 8.3% (SuproSoy(R)); LDL cholesterol levels by 9.7 +/- 11.7% ( Abacor(R)) and 5.4 +/- 11.6% ( SuproSoy(R)); and Apolipoprotein B levels by 6.9 +/- 14.6% (Abacor(R)) and 4.0 +/- 12.4 % (SuproSoy(R)). Serum levels of HDL cholesterol and triglycerides remained unchanged. Conclusions A preparation combining isolated soy protein with soy fibers and phospholipids showed twice the lipid-lowering effect of a preparation containing isolated soy protein alone. Therefore, such soy-based supplements can be useful in reducing the cardiovascular risk.
Beans, as a source of dietary fiber, increase cholecystokinin and apolipoprotein B48 response to test meals in men; Dry beans lower plasma cholesterol, an effect that has been associated with both the fiber and the protein content of beans. The objective of this study was to determine the acute hormone and lipid responses to a test meal that contained dry beans as a source of dietary fiber. A crossover design was employed in which men consumed the test meal and a control meal in random order. Both meals contained egg, bread, jelly, orange juice, milk and margarine. The high fiber meal contained white beans, whereas the low fiber (control) meal contained rice and dry milk. The men maintained their normal dietary pattern and fasted overnight before the study days. After a fasting blood sample was drawn, the men consumed the test meal and blood samples were collected over the next 6 h. Blood samples were analyzed for cholecystokinin (CCK), insulin and glucose. Plasma was separated into lipoprotein fractions and the triglyceride, cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) B100 and B48 content of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins determined. Insulin and glucose responses did not differ significantly between test meals; however, the CCK response was twice as high after the bean-containing meal than after the low fiber meal (P = 0.03). The increase in apo B48 concentration was significantly higher after the bean meal than after the low fiber meal (P < 0.05). Adding beans to a meal to increase fiber content prolongs the postprandial presence of intestinally derived lipoproteins and augments the CCK response to the meal.
The effect of Familact probiotic supplement in patients with diabetes (Evaluation of Blood Glucose Parameters, Lipid Profile); Due to the increasing prevalence of this disease, the present study was performed to investigate the effect of pure probiotic supplement Familact on fasting blood glucose and insulin indices and lipid profile of patients with type 2 diabetes. This double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial was performed on 60 patients with type 2 diabetes. The subjects in the Moore intervention group received 7 probiotic capsules containing 7 strains of a mixture of Lametobacillus and Bifidobacterium, at a dose of 1010 CFU, and the placebo group received 4 placebo capsules containing magnesium stearate daily for 6 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometric indices including weight, body mass index, waist circumference, waist circumference and hip circumference, along with biochemical indices including fasting blood sugar, fasting blood insulin and lipid profile were measured and evaluated at the beginning and end of the study. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software using chi-square test, t-test and analysis of variance. Finally, it was observed that the mean fasting blood sugar in the probiotic group was significantly lower than before the intervention (P = 0.001). Also, at the end of the study, the amount of HDL cholesterol in the probiotic group was significantly increased compared to the amount before the intervention (P = 0.006), but this increase was not significant in comparison between groups. Minor and intragroup increases in blood insulin and cholesterol, decrease in LDL cholesterol and insulin and triglyceride resistance were also not significant.
Lactobacillus intake for 60 days favors antioxidant status of human breast milk: an RCT; Background and Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of lactobacillus supplementation on trends of breast milk antioxidant parameters. Methods and Study Design: In an interventional study, 50 lactating women were randomly allocated to receive a daily supplement of lactobacillus (n=25) or a placebo (n=25) for 60 days. Daily dietary intake, anthropometric measures and breast milk antioxidant parameters were determined at the onset, and days 30 and 60 of the study. Repeated-measures ANOVA were performed to assess the change over time in the anthropometric and biochemical parameters between the two groups. The main effect of treatment was compared by using Bonferroni's procedure for CI adjustment. The significance level was set at p<0.05. Results: There was a significant increase in breast milk total antioxidant capacity (TAC) between onset of study and day 30 (p=0.01) and day 60 (p=0.001) after lactobacillus supplementation; however, breast milk TAC level did not change significantly between days 30 and 60 (p=0.7). In the placebo group, breast milk TAC levels decreased significantly after 60 days (p=0.001). Breast milk malondialdehyde (MDA) levels decreased progressively during the study in the lactobacillus group (p=0.001); however, there was a significant increase in MDA with time in breast milk samples in the placebo group (p=0.015). Conclusions: Based on the findings, lactobacillus supplementation for 60 days could significantly increase breast milk TAC and decrease breast milk MDA levels, compared with baseline; however, further studies are needed to confirm these results.
Protein leverage affects energy intake of high-protein diets in humans; Background: The protein leverage hypothesis requires specific evidence that protein intake is regulated more strongly than energy intake. Objective: The objective was to determine ad libitum energy intake, body weight changes, and appetite profile in response to protein-to-carbohydrate + fat ratio over 12 consecutive days and in relation to age, sex, BMI, and type of protein. Design: A 12-d randomized crossover study was performed in 40 men and 39 women [mean +/- SD age: 34.0 +/- 17.6 y; BMI (in kg/m(2)): 23.7 +/- 3.4] with the use of diets containing 5%, 15%, and 30% of energy from protein from a milk or plant source. Results: Protein-content effects did not differ by age, sex, BMI, or type of protein. Total energy intake was significantly lower in the high-protein (7.21 +/- 3.08 MJ/d) condition than in the low-protein (9.33 +/- 3.52 MJ/d) and normal-protein (9.62 +/- 3.51 MJ/d) conditions (P = 0.001), which was predominantly the result of a lower energy intake from meals (P = 0.001). Protein intake varied directly according to the amount of protein in the diet (P = 0.001). The AUC of visual analog scale appetite ratings did not differ significantly, yet fluctuations in hunger (P = 0.019) and desire to eat (P = 0.026) over the day were attenuated in the high-protein condition compared with the normal-protein condition. Conclusions: We found evidence to support the protein leverage hypothesis in that individuals underate relative to energy balance from diets containing a higher protein-to-carbohydrate + fat ratio. No evidence for protein leverage effects from diets containing a lower ratio of protein to carbohydrate + fat was obtained. It remains to be shown whether a relatively low protein intake would cause overeating or would be the effect of overeating of carbohydrate and fat. The study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01320189. Am J Clin Nutr 2013;97:86-93.
Genomic estimation of additive and dominance effects and impact of accounting for dominance on accuracy of genomic evaluation in sheep populations; The objectives of this study were to estimate the additive and dominance variance component of several weight and ultrasound scanned body composition traits in purebred and combined cross-bred sheep populations based on single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) marker genotypes and then to investigate the effect of fitting additive and dominance effects on accuracy of genomic evaluation. Additive and dominance variance components were estimated in a mixed model equationbased on average information restricted maximum likelihood using additive and dominance (co)variances between animals calculated from 48,599 SNP marker genotypes. Genomic prediction was based on genomic best linear unbiased prediction (GBLUP), and the accuracy of prediction was assessed based on a random 10-fold cross-validation. Across different weight and scanned body composition traits, dominance variance ranged from 0.0% to 7.3% of the phenotypic variance in the purebred population and from 7.1% to 19.2% in the combined cross-bred population. In the combined cross-bred population, the range of dominance variance decreased to 3.1% and 9.9% after accounting for heterosis effects. Accounting for dominance effects significantly improved the likelihood of the fitting model in the combined cross-bred population. This study showed a substantial dominance genetic variance for weight and ultrasound scanned body composition traits particularly in cross-bred population; however, improvement in the accuracy of genomic breeding values was small and statistically not significant. Dominance variance estimates in combined cross-bred population could be overestimated if heterosis is not fitted in the model.
The effect of dietary protein source on serum lipids: Secondary data analysis from a randomized clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Plant-based diets can lower serum lipids. Whether soy foods offer additional benefits remains controversial. OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of different protein sources on serum lipids and glucose metabolism, emphasizing comparisons between soy and nonsoy plant based diets. METHODS: Secondary data analysis. A total of 173 postmenopausal women were randomized to 1 of 4 weighed metabolic diets for 6 weeks. Diets were equivalent in energy, protein, and fat with at least 80% of protein from either nondairy animal, dairy, nonsoy plant, or soy foods. At baseline and week 6, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides, glucose, and insulin were measured. Changes in variables during the diet period were compared within and among groups using t tests and analysis of variance. RESULTS: TC decreased 38.8 mg/dL in soy group (P < .001 vs dairy and animal) and 30.5 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .003 vs dairy,.03 vs animal). LDL decreased 28.3 mg/dL in soy group (P <.001 vs dairy and animal) and 20.6 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .005 vs dairy, .06 vs animal). HDL decreased 12 mg/dL in soy group (P = .003 vs dairy, .0008 vs animal) and 10 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .05 vs dairy, .04 vs animal). There were no significant differences in lipid changes between soy and nonsoy plant based diets. No differences among groups in changes in triglycerides, glucose, or insulin were seen. CONCLUSIONS: Soy and nonsoy plant based diets reduced TC and LDL with no significant difference between them. Further studies are needed to determine the specific lipid-lowering components of both soy and nonsoy plant foods. (C) 2016 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Effect of Multispecies Probiotic Supplements on Metabolic Profiles, hs-CRP, and Oxidative Stress in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes (Publication with Expression of Concern. See JAN, 2023); Background: We are aware of no study that has indicated the effects of daily consumption of multispecies probiotic supplements on metabolic profiles, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and oxidative stress in diabetic patients. Objective: This study was designed to determine the effects of multispecies probiotic supplements on metabolic profiles, hs-CRP, and oxidative stress in diabetic patients. Methods: This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed on 54 diabetic patients aged 35-70 years. Subjects were randomly assigned to take either a multispecies probiotic supplement (n = 27) or placebo (n = 27) for 8 weeks. The multispecies probiotic supplement consisted of 7 viable and freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 x 10(9) CFU), L. casei (7 x 10(9) CFU), L. rhamnosus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), L. bulgaricus (2 x 10(8) CFU), Bifidobacterium breve (2 x 10(10) CFU), B. Ion gum (7 x 10(9) CFU), Streptococcus thermophilus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), and 100 mg fructo-oligosaccharide. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after intervention to measure metabolic profiles, hs-CRP, and biomarkers of oxidative stress including plasma total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione (GSH). Results: Between-group comparisons of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) revealed that consumption of probiotic supplements prevented a rise in FPG (+28.8 +/- 8.5 for placebo vs. +1.6 +/- 6 mg/di for probiotic group, p = 0.01). Although a significant within-group increase in serum insulin and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels was found in both the probiotic group and the placebo group, the changes were similar between the two groups. We observed a significant increase in HOMA-IR (homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance) in both the probiotic group (p = 0.02) and the placebo group (p = 0.001); however, the increase in the placebo group was significantly higher than that in the probiotic group (+2.38 vs. +0.78, p = 0.03). Mean changes in serum hs-CRP were significantly different between the two groups (-777.57 for the probiotic group vs. +878.72 ng/ml for the placebo group, p = 0.02). Probiotic supplementation led to a significant increase in plasma GSH levels compared to placebo (240.63 vs.-33.46 mu mol/l, p = 0.03). Conclusion: In conclusion, nnultispecies probiotic supplementation, compared with placebo, for 8 weeks in diabetic patients prevented a rise in FPG and resulted in a decrease in serum hs-CRP and an increase in plasma total GSH. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
An energy-reduced dietary pattern, including moderate protein and increased nonfat dairy intake combined with walking promotes beneficial body composition and metabolic changes in women with excess adiposity: a randomized comparative trial; Moderate protein and nonfat dairy intake within an energy-reduced diet (ERD) may contribute to health benefits achieved with body weight (BW) loss. The current study examined the effectiveness of a weight-loss/weight-loss maintenance intervention using an ERD with moderate dietary protein (30% of kcals) and increased nonfat dairy intake (4-5 svg/d), including yogurt (INT group) and daily walking compared to an ERD with standard protein (16-17% of kcals) and standard nonfat dairy intake (3 svg/d) (COM group) with daily walking. A randomized comparative trial with 104 healthy premenopausal women with overweight/obesity was conducted in a university setting. Women were randomized to INT group or COM group. Anthropometric measurements, as well as dietary intake, selected vital signs, resting energy expenditure, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, and selected adipose-derived hormones were measured at baseline, and weeks 2, 12, and 24. Targets for dietary protein and nonfat dairy intake, while initially achieved, were not sustained in the INT group. There were no significant effects of diet group on anthropometric measurements. Women in the INT group and COM group, respectively, reduced BW (-4.9 +/- 3.2 and -4.3 +/- 3.3 kg, P < 0.001) and fat mass (-3.0 +/- 2.2 and -2.3 +/- 2.3 kg, P < 0.001) during the 12-week weight-loss phase and maintained these losses at 24 weeks. Both groups experienced significant decreases in body mass index, fat-free soft tissue mass, body fat percentage, waist and hip circumferences and serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, and leptin (all P < 0.001). Healthy premenopausal women with excess adiposity effectively lost BW and fat mass and improved some metabolic risk factors following an ERD with approximately 20% protein and 3 svg/d of nonfat dairy intake.
Mediterranean diet for type 2 diabetes: cardiometabolic benefits; Dietary patterns influence various cardiometabolic risk factors, including body weight, lipoprotein concentrations, and function, blood pressure, glucose-insulin homeostasis, oxidative stress, inflammation, and endothelial health. The Mediterranean diet can be described as a dietary pattern characterized by the high consumption of plant-based foods, olive oil as the main source of fat, low-to-moderate consumption of fish, dairy products and poultry, low consumption of red and processed meat, and low-to-moderate consumption of wine with meals. The American Diabetes Association and the American Heart Association recommend Mediterranean diet for improving glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes. Prospective studies show that higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with a 20-23 % reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes, while the results of randomized controlled trials show that Mediterranean diet reduces glycosylated hemoglobin levels by 0.30-0.47 %, and is also associated with a 28-30 % reduced risk for cardiovascular events. The mechanisms by which Mediterranean diet produces its cardiometabolic benefits in type 2 diabetes are, for the most, anti-inflammatory and antioxidative: increased consumption of high-quality foods may cool down the activation of the innate immune system, by reducing the production of proinflammatory cytokines while increasing that of anti-inflammatory cytokines. This may favor the generation of an anti-inflammatory milieu, which in turn may improve insulin sensitivity in the peripheral tissues and endothelial function at the vascular level and ultimately act as a barrier to the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and development of atherosclerosis.
Effects of replacing soybean meal with slow-release urea on milk production of Holstein dairy cows; The study investigated the effects of replacing soybean meal (SBM) with slow-release urea ( SRU) on milk production, milk composition, and rumen fermentation of Holstein dairy cows. Sixteen Holstein cows weighing between 550 and 680 kg in mid lactation were randomly assigned to four dietary treatments in a 12-week study. The treatments consisted of T1: a diet containing 16.7% crude protein (CP), T2: T1 with 0.5% SRU replacing plant protein, T3: T1 with 0.75% SRU replacing plant protein, and T4: T1 with 1.00% SRU replacing plant protein. Animals were fed three times a day with feed being offered ad libitum. Dry matter intake (DMI) and average daily gain (ADG) were not affected by the level of SRU. Feeding SRU did not affect milk production and milk composition significantly, but milk fat and milk urea nitrogen (MUN) levels were increased. Significant differences were observed in ruminal volatile fatty acid (VFA) concentration. Feeding SRU increased butyrate concentration with no significant effects on concentrations of acetate or propionate. Significant differences were observed in cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations, but glucose, very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) levels were not affected significantly by the treatments. Thus, feeding SRU altered the release rate of ammonia and provided more ammonia nitrogen (NH3-N) for microbial protein synthesis in the rumen.
The conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomer, t10c12-CLA, is inversely associated with changes in body weight and serum leptin in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Isomers of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) are found in beef, lamb and dairy products. Diets containing CLA reduce adipose mass in various depots of experimental animals. In addition, CLA delays the onset of diabetes in the ZDF rat model for obesity-linked type 2 diabetes mellitus. We hypothesize that there would be an inverse association of CLA with body weight and serum leptin in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus. In this double-blind study, subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus were randomized into one of two groups receiving either a supplement containing mixed CLA isomers (CLA-mix; 8.0 g daily, 76% pure CLA; n = 12) or a supplement containing safflower oil (placebo; 8.0 g daily safflower oil, n = 9) for 8 wk. The isomers of CLA in the CLA-mix supplement were primarily c9t11-CLA (similar to37%) and t10c12-CLA (similar to39%) in free fatty acid form. Plasma levels of CLA were inversely associated with body weight (P < 0.05) and serum leptin levels (P < 0.05). When levels of plasma t10c12-CLA isomer were correlated with changes in body weight or serum leptin, t10c12-CLA, but not c9t11-CLA, was inversely associated with body weights (P < 0.05) and serum leptin (P < 0.02). These findings strongly suggest that the t10c12-CLA isomer may be the bioactive isomer of CLA to influence the body weight changes observed in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Future studies are needed to determine a causal relationship, if any, of t10c12-CLA or c9t11-CLA to modulate body weight and composition in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, determining the ability of CLA isomers to influence glucose and lipid metabolism as well as markers of insulin sensitivity is imperative to understanding the role of CLA to aid in the management of type 2 diabetes and other related conditions of insulin resistance.
Early weaning has minimal effects on lifetime growth performance and body composition of pigs; Two hundred and forty pigs (120 entire boars and 120 gilts) were selected in three replicates of 40 boars and 40 gilts and housed in pens of 20 pigs of the same sex. Pigs were allocated to a 2 by 2 factorial experiment, with the respective factors being sex (entire male or female) and age at weaning (13 or 21 days). Pigs within each replicate were weaned on the same day, with the pigs' farrowing date differing by similar to 8 days for the two weaning ages. Pigs were offered ad libitum access to feed for the entire experimental period. Eight randomly selected pigs from each pen were tagged as focus animals. These animals underwent dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scanning six times from weaning through to slaughter to measure changes in body composition. The animals weaned at 13 days of age were lighter at weaning (4.68 +/- 1.16 and 6.84 +/- 1.34 kg, respectively, for the animals weaned at 13 and 21 days, P < 0.001). During the first 4 days after weaning pigs weaned at 21 days of age consumed more feed (72.1 v. 30.9 g/day, P<0.001) and gained faster (35.0 v. -63.0 g/day, P=0.042) than those weaned at 13 days. The pigs weaned at 13 days did, however, 'catch up' to be the same weight as those weaned at 21 days by 53 days of age (17.4 and 17.8 kg, respectively, P = 0.33). Daily gain from birth to 146 days of age did not differ across treatments (610, 597, 640, 657 g/day, respectively, for the gilts weaned at 13 days, gilts weaned at 21 days, boars weaned at 13 days and boars weaned at 21 days, P = 0.31). DXA analyses indicated that the animals weaned at 13 days had a greater percentage of lean tissue at 119 days of age (78.4 and 76.8%, respectively, P=0.039) although this was not maintained through to slaughter. There were no treatment effects on the percentage of adipose tissue from 90 to 146 days of age, although the DXA estimated adipose tissue mass was greater at 146 days of age in the animals weaned at 21 days (13.8 and 15.2 kg, respectively, for the animals weaned at 13 and 21 days of age, P = 0.023, s.e.d. 0.60). These data suggest that weaning age predominately influences growth immediately after weaning, and does not have a major influence on lifetime growth performance or body composition at commercial slaughter weights.
Grape seed oil supplementation in lamb diet: effect on meat oxidation stability and muscle fatty acids; The effect of grape seed oil (GSO) on the animal performance, blood metabolites, meat oxidation stability and muscle fatty acids of lambs was evaluated. Eighteen Baluchi lambs, 196 +/- 14 days of age and 39.8 +/- 1.7 kg body weight were randomly allocated to three dietary treatments: (1) diet without GSO (Control), (2) diet containing 2% GSO (GSO2) and (3) diet containing 4% GSO (GSO4). Results showed that dry matter intake and animal performance were not affected by treatment (p > .05). Addition of 4% GSO to diet increased plasma total cholesterol and triglyceride (p < .01). Inclusion of GSO to the diets increased (p < .001) the proportions of trans-9 C18:1, vaccenic acid (VA), rumenic acid (RA), C18:2 n-6 and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), while decreased (p = .01) the concentration of saturated fatty acid in longissimus lumborum (LL) muscle of lambs. At the same time, dietary GSO increased oxidative stability of LL muscle during the 12 days of storage time (p < .0001). In conclusion, these results showed that GSO up to 4% in the lamb diet can improve meat quality by increasing VA, RA, PUFA and oxidative stability in LL muscle lambs without affecting animal performance.
Effects of Using Monensin and Different Levels of Crude Protein on Milk Production, Blood Metabolites and Digestion of Dairy Cows; Twenty-four Holstein dairy cows were used to evaluate the single and combined effects of different levels of crude protein (CP) and monensin treatment during early lactation on blood metabolites, milk yield and digestion of dairy cows. The experiment was designed as a completely randomized block with a 3x2 factorial arrangement of treatments. The factors were three concentrations of CP supplement (19.5, 21.4, and 23.4% of dry matter) and two levels of monensin (0 and 350 mg per cow per day). The experiment consisted of three phases and each phase was 3 wk in length. Monensin did not affect milk yield, lactose, solids-non-fat (SNF), blood glucose, triglyceride and DMI, but increased blood cholesterol, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), insulin and reduced blood beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), milk fat and protein percentage. Monensin premix significantly decreased rumen ammonia, but rumen pH and microbial protein synthesis were not affected by monensin treatment. Increasing dietary CP improved milk and protein production, but did not alter the other components of milk. Digestibility of NDF, ADF, CP were improved by increasing dietary CP. Increasing dietary CP from 19.5 to 21.4% had no significant effect on ruminal ammonia, but increasing CP to 23.4% significantly increased ruminal ammonia. There was a linear relationship between level of crude protein in the diet and volume of urine excretion. Microbial protein synthesis was affected by increasing CP level; in this way maximum protein synthesis was achieved at 23.4% CP. (Key Words : Monensin, Crude Protein, Blood Parameters, Milk Production, Dairy Cow)
Effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight people; Introduction: Conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) have shown beneficial effects in weight control therapy however this relation is not clear. Objetive: The aim of the study was to examine the effects and safety of 3 g of a 1:1 mix of c9-t11 and t10-c12 on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight individuals. Methods: A prospective, placebo-controlled, randomised double-blind, parallel clinical trial lasting 24 weeks was carried out in 38 volunteers (29w, 9m) aged 30-55 years and BMI 27 >=-<30 kg/m(2) who consumed 200 ml/day of skimmed milk with 3g of CLAs or 3g olive oil (placebo). Anthropometric, biochemical and dual x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) tests were measured. Diet and physical activity were assessed. Results: Subjects maintained their habitual dietary and exercise patterns over the study. Only CLA group showed a significant decrease in weight (74.43 +/- 10.45 vs 73.54 +/- 11.66 kg, p = 0.029) and waist circumference (91.45 +/- 10.33 vs 90.65 +/- 9.84 cm, p = 0.012) between baseline and end of the study. BMI and waist height ratio decreased (28.44 +/- 1.08 vs 27.81 +/- 1.43 kg/m(2), p = 0.030 and 0.57 +/- 0.05 vs 0.56 +/- 0.04 p = 0.013 respectively) in CLA group at the end. CLA group experienced a reduction in total fat mass after 24 weeks (38.62 +/- 5.02 vs 36.65 +/- 5.64%, p = 0.035). No decrease was observed in Control group. HOMA index had no changes. Conclusions: The consumption of skimmed milk enriched with 3g of a 1:1 mixture of c9-t11 and t10-c12 for 24 weeks led to a decrease in body weight and total fat mass in healthy, overweight subjects who maintained habitual diets and exercise patterns. No adverse effects were observed. Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier No. NCT01503047.
TRANS FATTY ACIDS: NATURE, ORIGIN AND IMPACT ON HEALTH; Trans fatty acids include mono-and poly-unsaturated fatty acids having methylene interrupted double bonds. Trans monounsaturated fatty acids are formed during hydrogenation of oils to produce margarine and shortening but are also present in ruminant meat and milk as a result of biohydrogenation in the rumen. The linoleic and a-linolenic acid trans isomers may also be present in non-hydrogenated fats as the result of exposure of these polyunsaturated fatty acids to heat treatment, such as steam deodorization, or deep fat frying in food. Trans monounsaturated isomers are the major trans isomers consumed by humans. Data on trans fatty acids were obtained from nutritional interventions but also from epidemiological studies. For example, a meta analysis of 60 controlled trials published between 1970 to 1998 which included over 1,600 volunteers showed that replacing carbohydrates isoenergetically (1% of total energy) by 18:1 trans would increase LDL cholesterol while the effect on HDL would be similar. The calculated impact on the ratio of total cholesterol/HDL would be of + 0.022nmoles/L (p= 0.015). A recent meta analysis of the four larger epidemiological studies showed that increasing the total energy intake with 2% trans fatty acids would result in a 23% increase in cardiovascular disease risk. However, it is essential now to answer the following question:Are trans fatty acids from natural origin have the same effects as those demonstrated for the "industrial ones". Some studies which are being carried out should give some new information on this important still pending question despite the number of studies so far carried out.
Growth and Body Composition of Artificially-Reared Lambs Exposed to Three Different Rearing Regimens; Simple Summary Optimum lamb growth and cost-effective artificial lamb rearing are important to maximise farm profit. In addition to milk feeding, supplementation of a solid feed with balanced nutrients and an adequate level of fibre will aid rumen development, allowing for a smooth transition from a liquid to a solely solid diet. This study aimed to determine the effect of pellet fibre level, milk replacer composition and early milk weaning at 42 days of age, on the growth and body composition of lambs reared artificially to 57 days of age. Results demonstrate that lamb growth rate to 57 days of age was not affected by early weaning or pellet fibre level. Early milk weaning increased pellet intake and empty rumen weight. Early weaning resulted in leaner carcasses due to reduced fat deposition and lower total feed costs compared to lambs offered milk to 57 days of age. Overall, feeding lambs either low or high fibre pellets and weaning early (42 days of age) was shown to be beneficial, as growth was similar to unweaned lambs, but leaner carcasses and reduced feed costs were observed. This study was designed to investigate the influence of pellet fibre level, milk replacer composition and age at weaning on growth and body composition of lambs reared artificially. Romney ram lambs were randomly allocated to one of three rearing treatments; HFP57: commercial milk replacer to 57 days of age, and high fibre concentrate pellets; HFP42: commercial milk replacer with early weaning at 42 days of age, and high fibre concentrate pellets; LFP42: high protein milk replacer from 2-16 days of age followed by commercial milk replacer with early weaning at 42 days of age, and low fibre concentrate pellets. Lambs were slaughtered at 57 days of age. Overall average daily liveweight gain of lambs did not differ (p > 0.05) between treatments. Dressing out percentage, carcass weight, empty small intestine and omental fat were higher (p < 0.05) in HFP57 than in both HFP42 and LFP42 lambs. HFP42 and LFP42 lambs had heavier (p < 0.05) empty rumen weights. Whole body protein content was higher (p < 0.05) in HFP42 lambs compared to both HFP57 and LFP42 lambs. Fat content and daily fat deposition were greater (p < 0.05) in HFP57 lambs than HFP42 and LFP42 lambs. Weaning lambs at 42 days of age with provision of either low or high fibre concentrate pellets, resulted in similar growth rates, reduced whole body fat deposition and was a more cost-effective rearing regimen.
Effects of butter from mountain-pasture grazing cows on risk markers of the metabolic syndrome compared with conventional Danish butter: a randomized controlled study; Background: There is considerable interest in dairy products from low-input systems, such as mountain-pasture grazing cows, because these products are believed to be healthier than products from high-input conventional systems. This may be due to a higher content of bioactive components, such as phytanic acid, a PPAR-agonist derived from chlorophyll. However, the effects of such products on human health have been poorly investigated. Objective: To compare the effect of milk-fat from mountain-pasture grazing cows (G) and conventionally fed cows (C) on risk markers of the metabolic syndrome. Design: In a double-blind, randomized, 12-week, parallel intervention study, 38 healthy subjects replaced part of their habitual dietary fat intake with 39 g fat from test butter made from milk from mountain-pasture grazing cows or from cows fed conventional winter fodder. Glucose-tolerance and circulating risk markers were analysed before and after the intervention. Results: No differences in blood lipids, lipoproteins, hsCRP, insulin, glucose or glucose-tolerance were observed. Interestingly, strong correlations between phytanic acid at baseline and total (P<0.0001) and LDL cholesterol (P=0.0001) were observed. Conclusions: Lack of effects on blood lipids and inflammation indicates that dairy products from mountain-pasture grazing cows are not healthier than products from high-input conventional systems. Considering the strong correlation between LDL cholesterol and phytanic acid at baseline, it may be suggested that phytanic acid increases total and LDL cholesterol.
Oil blends containing partially hydrogenated or interesterified fats: differential effects on plasma lipids; We compared the effects on plasma lipids of margarines containing tither a trans fatty acid- (TFA)-free hard fraction achieved through interesterification (from primarily saturated fatty acids) or a partially hydrogenated hard fraction. Thirty-eight mildly hyperlipidemic subjects consumed a low-fat diet for 2 wk. They were then allocated to 2 groups and underwent 3 dietary interventions for 3 wk each in random order (diets contained 35% of energy as fat with 20% of energy as margarines or butter): group 1 (n = 18), butter, canola oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free canola oil blend; group 2 (n = 19), butter, polyunsaturated oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend. Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations after consumption of all oil blends and after the low-Eat diet were not significantly different, but were 11-15% lower than after butter (P < 0.001). Whereas the canola oil blends did not differ from each other in their effects on lipoprotein profiles, the TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend resulted in a significant 6% reduction (-0.25 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0,08, -0.42) in total and LDL cholesterol compared with the blend containing TFAs (P = 0.006). In the canola oil blend, 10% TFAs and 6% oleic acid were replaced by approximate to 14% saturated fatty acids plus a 2% increase in linoleic acid. In the polyunsaturated oil blend, 10% TFAs and 5% linoleic acid were replaced by a 10% increase in saturated fatty acids as well as 3% and 1% increases in oleic and linolenic acids, respectively. We conclude that, compared with butter, TFA-free margarines may be equal to or more effective than margarines containing TFAs in lowering LDL cholesterol.
"Benifuuki" Extract Reduces Serum Levels of Lectin-Like Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-1 Ligands Containing Apolipoprotein B: A Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Randomized Trial; (1) Background: Arteriosclerosis is associated with high levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. O-methylated catechins in "Benifuuki" green tea are expected to reduce cholesterol levels, although there is limited research regarding this topic; (2) Methods: This trial evaluated 159 healthy volunteers who were randomized to receive ice cream containing a high-dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 676 mg of catechins (group H), a low-dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 322 mg of catechins (group L), or no Benifuuki extract (group C). Each group consumed ice cream (with or without extract) daily for 12 weeks, and their lipid-related parameters were compared; (3) Results: A significant reduction in the level of lectin-like oxidized LDL receptor-1 ligand containing ApoB (LAB) was detected in group H, compared to groups L and C. No significant differences between the three groups were detected in their levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol; (4) Conclusions: "Benifuuki" extract containing O-methylated catechins may help prevent arteriosclerosis.
Urate-lowering effect of calcium supplementation: Analyses of a randomized controlled trial; Objective: To investigate if the gout-protective effect of low-fat dairy products could be attributed to the urate-lowering effect of calcium. Methods: This is a placebo-controlled trial in which thirty-five adult (aged 18-42 years) female low calcium consumers (<800 mg/d) were randomized to one of three treatment groups: low calcium breakfast (control,-70 mg of calcium/d)-C or high-calcium breakfast (-770 mg/d) from calcium citrate CIT or from skim milk SM, during 45 consecutive days. Breakfasts were matched for potential confounders and were provided as part of an energy-restricted normoprotein diet containing an additional 800 mg of calcium/d. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurements (body fat assessment) and fasting blood samples (urate, ionic calcium, PTH, and 1,25-(OH)2-D3) were taken at baseline and the end of the experiment. Clinical trial registration: http://www.ensaiosclinicos.gov.br/ (RBR-7Q2N33). Results: Despite no significant changes in total body weight/fat, CIT and SM led to a significant reduction in serum urate and ionic calcium, but did not affect PTH and vitamin D concentrations compared to C. CIT and SM reduced baseline serum urate by-14% and-17%, respectively. There was a trend to a positive correlation between changes in serum urate and changes in ionic calcium on day 45 (r = 0.327, P = 0.055).Conclusions: Calcium supplementation (770 mg/d from dairy or calcium citrate) reduced serum urate concentrations, suggesting that the gout-protective effect of low-fat dairy consumption is at least partly due to a urate-lowering effect of calcium.(c) 2022 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fermented, ropy, oat-based products reduce cholesterol levels and stimulate the bifidobacteria flora in humans; This investigation determined the effects of fermented oat-based products containing both native and microbial beta-glucans on plasma lipids and on fecal total bacterial count and Bifidobacterium ssp. The study was randomized, double blind with 3 parallel groups. Sixty-two free-living volunteers with moderately increased plasma cholesterol levels were recruited. In the final analysis, 56 subjects remained, as 6 subjects had left the study either due to lack of time (n = 2), unwillingness to continue the regimen (n = 2), or for other reasons (n = 2). During the first 3 weeks, all subjects received a fermented dairy-based product (control product, run-in period). On the following 5 weeks, I group continued with the control product, whereas the other 2 groups were given fermented oat-based products (intervention period, 3-3.5 g native beta-glucans per day). One of the oat products (ropy) was cofermented with an exopolysaccharide-producing strain, Pediococcus damnosus 2.6. A significant (P = .022) reduction in total cholesterol by 6% was observed in volunteers who had eaten the fermented, ropy, oat-based product compared with the control group. No other significant changes in plasma lipids were found. A significant increase in total bacterial count (P = .001) and Bifidobacterium ssp (P = .012) was observed in fecal samples from volunteers in the group who had eaten the fermented, ropy, oat-based product. This study shows that a fermented, ropy, oat-based product, containing both native and microbial glucans, can reduce the blood cholesterol level and also stimulate the bifidobacteria flora in the gastrointestinal tract. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproductive performance and milk yield of rabbits fed diets supplemented with garden cress (<i>Lepidium sativum</i>) seed; Recently, phytochemicals in plants have evoked interest as sources of naturally beneficial substances and as alternatives to antimicrobials. Based on these benefits, it was hypothesized that garden cress (GC; Lepidium sativum) supplementation could overcome the negative impacts of severe heat stress on the reproductive and lactation performance, physiological parameters, and antioxidant status of rabbits. Twenty-four mature V-line does (6 months old) with an average body weight of 3.65 +/- 0.54 kg were randomly assigned into four homogenously equal groups (n = 6) according to the level of supplemented GC seeds. Rabbits in the control group were fed a basal diet without GC seeds (GC 0), the other three treatment groups (GC 3, GC 4.5, and GC 6) were fed a basal diet supplemented with GC seeds at levels 3, 4.5 and 6%, respectively. Investigations revealed that the inclusion of 3% GC enhanced the litter weight of heat-stressed rabbits on the 7th, 14th, and 21st days. Furthermore, treatment with 3% and 6% GC seeds increased the milk yield on the 28th day. the most of lipid profile parameters, such as cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), serum urea levels, and antioxidant status improved in rabbits supplemented with 6% GC. In conclusion, the dietary supplemention of GC seed at 6% increased milk yield at 28(th) day "weaning age", consequently, improved the blood lipid profile and antioxidant status. Further studies should be conducted to commercialize theusage of garden cress seeds as a supplement in rabbits.
Effects of sodium selenite and coated sodium selenite addition on performance, ruminal fermentation, nutrient digestibility and hepatic gene expression related to lipid metabolism in dairy bulls; This study evaluated the effects of sodium selenite (SS) and coated SS (CSS) addition on performance, ruminal fermentation, nutrient digestibility and hepatic gene expression related to lipid metabolism in dairy bulls. Thirty-six Holstein bulls were randomly divided into three groups: without Se addition, addition of 0.3 mg/kg dry matter (DM) of Se from SS and addition of 0.3 mg/kg DM of Se from CSS, respectively. Dietary Se addition increased DM intake. Higher average daily gain and lower feed conversion ratio was observed for CSS addition. Ruminal pH and acetate to propionate ratio decreased, total volatile fatty acids concentration increased but ammonia-N concentration was unchanged with dietary Se addition. Apparent total-tract digestibility of DM, organic matter and crude protein was highest for CSS addition, followed by SS addition and then control. Bulls receiving Se addition had higher digestibility of ether extract, neutral detergent fibre and acid detergent fibre. Serum glucose and glutathione peroxidase and hepatic expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha, sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1, carnitine palmitoyl transferase-1 and acetyl-CoA carboxylase-alpha was highest for CSS addition, followed by SS addition and then control. Bulls receiving CSS addition had higher serum total protein, albumin, triglyceride and total antioxigenic capacity. Addition of Se increased serum cholesterol, insulin and Se. Hepatic expression of stearoyl-CoA desaturase and 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase and Se content increased but content of total lipid and triglyceride was unchanged with Se addition. The data indicated that addition of Se increased performance and hepatic expression of gene related to lipid metabolism in bulls.
Nutritional and metabolic parameters of sheep fed with extrused roughage in comparison with corn silage; The objective of this study was to evaluate the use of extrused roughage on nutritional and metabolic parameters in sheep. Eighteen 3-year-old sheep in metabolic cages were randomly assigned to two treatments: corn silage and extruded roughage. Dry matter intake (DMI) and water intake were calculated as the difference between offered feed and orts left. Ruminal movement was assessed through auscultation of the rumen for five minutes, glycemia and other metabolites through blood collection by jugular venipuncture, and feeding behavior by observation every 5 minutes for 24 hours. DMI per animal, both as a percentage of live weight and in relation to metabolic weight, was higher for animals fed extrused roughage. The extrused roughage treatment also resulted in reduced ruminal movement and higher dry matter digestibility (DMD), glycemia and drinking water intake. Animals fed with extrused roughage reduced the time of rumination and total chewing, thus increasing ingestion, chewing and rumination efficiency. Blood concentrations of glucose and urea were higher in animals fed extrused roughage, while cholesterol concentration was lower. We conclude that the use of extrused roughage promotes improvement in the nutritional parameters of sheep by increasing DMI and DMD, and reducing chewing and rumination times, without causing disorders in energy and protein metabolism.
Metaphylactic effect of calcium on milk composition and animal health in post-partum dairy cows; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of subcutaneous calcium administration in post-partum dairy cows with respect to carbohydrate, protein and lipids metabolism, as well as its effects on milk composition. Twenty post-partum dairy cows were randomly divided into two groups (n=10): a control and a treated group with a single dose (150 mL) of calcium. Blood collection was performed on post-partum days 1, 2, 3, 7 and 10. In addition, we measured serum levels of total calcium, total proteins, albumin, globulins, glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, as well as creatine kinase (CK) activity. We determined milk composition on post-partum days 5, 10 and 20. Serum total calcium levels was higher on post-partum days 3 and 7 in the treated group. Serum urea (day 3) and triglycerides (days 7 and 10) levels were higher in the treated group, as were CK activity levels at post-partum days 2 and 3. Serum glucose and cholesterol levels were lower on post-partum day 2 in treated animals. Fat (day 20) and lactose (day 10) content in milk samples were higher than in the treated animals. We concluded that treatment with calcium in cows during the post-partum period changes biochemical variables related to metabolism.
Effect of Soy Milk on Metabolic Status of Patients with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Studies in experimental models of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have reported positive effects of soy components in improving metabolic parameters. Whether such effects could be achieved through consumption of whole soy foods in patients with NAFLD is still unclear. Therefore, this trial was conducted to assess the effects of soy milk on metabolic parameters of patients with NAFLD. Methods: This parallel randomized clinical trial was conducted on 70 patients with NAFLD. Patients in the soy milk group consumed 240 ml of soy milk daily as a part of low-calorie diet (i.e., 500-deficit calorie diet) for 8 weeks. Patients in the control group just followed the low-calorie diet. Grade of fatty liver, liver enzymes, lipid profile, serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and anthropometric indices were measured at baseline and the end of the trial. Results: At the end of the trial, the soy milk group had significantly higher reduction in serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (-12.06 +/- 17.61 IU/L in the soy milk group versus -5 +/- 8.58 IU/L in the control group, p = 0.04) and hs-CRP (-1.32 +/- 1.60 mg/L in the soy milk group versus -0.36 +/- 1.54 mg/L in the control group, p = 0.01) compared to the control group. However, changes in fatty liver grade and other liver enzymes, including aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, and gamma-glutamyl transferase, as well as lipid profile and anthropometric indices were not significantly different between the treatment groups. Conclusion: Consumption of soy milk in the context of a restricted-calorie diet for 8 weeks had favorable effects on serum ALT and hs-CRP in patients with NAFLD.
Colorectal Cancer Screening and Prevention; Colorectal cancer is a common cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States. Most colorectal cancers arise from preexisting adenomatous or serrated polyps. The incidence and mortality of colorectal cancer can be reduced with screening of average-risk adults 50 to 75 years of age. Randomized controlled trials show evidence of reduced colorectal cancer specific mortality with guaiac-based fecal occult blood tests and flexible sigmoidoscopy. There are no randomized controlled trials on the effectiveness of colonoscopy to reduce colorectal cancer specific mortality; however, several randomized controlled trials comparing colonoscopy with other strategies are in progress. The best available evidence supporting colonoscopy is from prospective cohort studies that demonstrate decreased incidence of colorectal cancer and colorectal cancer related mortality in individuals undergoing colonoscopy. Other screening options include fecal immunochemical testing, computed tomographic colonography, and multitargeted stool DNA testing combined with fecal immunochemical testing. There is good evidence that aspirin, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors, and hormone therapy decrease the risk of colorectal cancer and adenomatous polyps, but potential harms limit their usefulness. There is good evidence that calcium supplementation, moderate dairy consumption, reduced red meat consumption, increased physical activity, decreased body mass index, and statin use decrease the risk of colorectal cancer and adenomatous polyps. Although increased alcohol intake and tobacco use are associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer, there is no direct evidence that reducing alcohol consumption or smoking cessation decreases the risk. Copyright (C) 2018 American Academy of Family Physicians.
THE EFFECTS OF QUANTITY AND DURATION OF MILK FEEDING ON THE INTAKE OF CONCENTRATES AND GROWTH OF CASTRATED MALE SAANEN KIDS TO SLAUGHTER; To examine the possibility of reducing milk substitute costs in artificial rearing of goat kids, 36 castrated male Saanen kids at 2 days of age were randomly allocated across six treatments in a 2 X 3 factorial design experiment. Milk substitute was provided for the kids over a period of 28 or 39 days, and daily levels of milk substitute dry matter (DM) intake were 0.140, 0.176 or 0.272 kg. Increasing the level of milk substitute offered had no significant effect on intake of concentrate up to weaning, but did significantly reduce the total intake of concentrate through to slaughter. Weaning after 39 days, as opposed to 28 days, also significantly reduced the total intake of concentrates. However, there was no difference when the same total quantity of milk substitute was consumed over different periods. Increasing the daily intake of milk substitute significantly increased daily live-weight gain to weaning, but tended to increase the time taken by kids to regain their weaning weight following cessation of milk substitute intake. However, milk substitute level and weaning age did not significantly affect overall daily live-weight gain or the length of time taken to reach 28 kg. Eight additional kids were slaughtered at 2 days of age to develop regression equations relating initial body composition to live weight. These relationships were similar to others published for 2-day-old Saanen kids. Treatments had no significant effect on overall rates of fat, crude protein, water, ash and energy gain or on final body composition, carcass weight or carcass composition when kids were slaughtered at a live weight of 28 kg. These data suggest that savings in milk substitute may be achieved by reducing the weaning age and/or the daily intake level.
Protective effects of cinnamon powder against hyperlipidemia and hepatotoxicity in butter fed female albino mice; A butter-enriched high-fat diet changes lipid metabolism, resulting in fat storage, hyperlipidemia and obesity. Effects of cinnamon powder were investigated in butter-fed mice. 40 Swiss Albino mice, aged 28 to 30 days, were randomly assigned into two groups. Group A was an untreated control group (n = 8) and another group (n = 32) was a butter-treated group fed 10% butter. In the fifth week, mice of the butter-fed group were further divided into four equal groups: B, C, D, and E (n = 8), fed 10% butter with cinnamon 200 mg, 400 mg, and 600 mg powder per liter drinking water, respectively for 10 weeks. The butter-fed group was gained the most weight. Cinnamon supplementation significantly normalized weight gain and had no harmful effects on hematological parameters. Butter supplementation significantly increased total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol (LDL-c) whereas, cinnamon powder significantly reduced TC, LDL-c and glucose levels. In butter-fed mice, a significant increase was observed in the liver enzymes, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels with subsequent fat deposition in the liver. Excitingly, these enzymes were decreased and no fat depositions were observed in the liver of cinnamon-treated mice. Applying different concentrations of cinnamon powder improved the lipid profile in butter-fed female albino mice. (C) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
A follow-up study on the effects of a milk supplement on bone mineral density of postmenopausal Chinese women in Malaysia; Background: A previous study on a randomized controlled trial in 173 postmenopausal Chinese women in Kuala Lumpur showed that milk supplementation was effective to reduce bone loss at the total body, lumbar spine, femoral neck and total hip compared to the control group on a usual diet (Chee et al. 2003). Objective: The objective was to determine whether the results were sustained after the conclusion of the study. Design: A follow-up study, 18,months after a randomized controlled trial of milk supplementation was concluded. A total of 139 participants were followed up 21 months after the study ended. Bone mineral density (BMD) was measured at the total body, lumbar spine, femoral neck and total hip by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, and anthropometric measurements as well as changes in dietary habits were measured. Results: At the follow-up, the milk supplement group did not show significant bone loss from baseline at most sites (mean differences SE) (total body 0.42 +/- 0.25%, femoral neck 0.44 +/- 0.58%, total hip -0.06 +/- 0.46%), unlike the control group (total body -1.07 +/- 0.28% p<0.005, femoral neck -1.49 +/- 0.56% p<0.05, total hip -0.89 +/- 0.57% p<0.05). However, both the milk and control groups showed bone loss from baseline at the lumbar spine (milk -2.01%, control -3.29%, p>0.05). The calcium intake of the milk group remained significantly higher than the control group (milk 710 mg/day, control 466 mg/day, p<0.005) despite discontinuation of the milk supplement. Conclusions: The results showed that some of the beneficial effects of a milk supplement were still evident at follow-up and it was possible to motivate subjects to adopt a positive change in dietary calcium intake after intervention.
Effects of Milk Protein in Resistance Training-Induced Lean Mass Gains for Older Adults Aged ≥ 60 y: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; This review evaluated the effects of milk-based protein supplementation on resistance training (RT)-induced gains in lean body mass or fat free mass (LBM/FFM) and muscle strength for older adults. A systematic search of PubMed, Scopus and EBSCOhost/SPORTDiscus was conducted. Eligibility criteria: Randomized controlled trials comparing all types of milk-based protein supplements with control supplements for the training older adults at mean age >= 60 y. Twenty studies were included in the qualitative synthesis, whilst seventeen studies were included in the quantitative synthesis. A dose of 10-15 g of milk protein supplementation was sufficient to augment RT-induced LBM/FFM. Intriguingly, four out of five studies show negative effect of whey protein supplementation at the same dose range (or even higher) compared with control supplementation (-0.49 kg, 95% CI: -0.69, -0.29, I-2 = 14%, Z = 4.82, p < 0.001). For milk-based protein supplementation, RT-induced improvements in muscle strength were observed only when the protein doses >= 22 g (+0.66 kg, 95% CI: 0.07, 1.25, I-2 = 0%, Z = 2.18, p = 0.03). Conclusion: Milk protein is superior to whey protein in enhancing RT-induced LBM/FFM gains for older adults. Optimal daily protein intake can dilute the protein supplementation effect.
The addition of hydrolyzable tannin extract to milk affects calves' performance, health, blood metabolites, and pathogen shedding; The purpose of this study was to determine what quantity of a hydrolyzable tannin extract (HTE) might be used in calf milk to increase growth performance, health, and metabolic condition, as well as shedding fecal bacteria. A total of 48 newborn Holstein calves were randomly allocated to one of four dietary treatments, which included daily in-milk HTE supplementation of 0 (HTE0), 2 (HTE2), 4 (HTE4), and 6 g (HTE6). Milk was offered from day 6-70 of the study, using an adjusted step up/step down milk feeding strategy of 4, 5, 6, 7, 6, and 3 L/d on days 6-20, 21-25, 26-30, 31-60, 61-65 and 66-70, respectively. On day 70, all calves were weaned, and the experiment was terminated on day 76 of calf age. During the investigation, the calves had free access to a starter diet and fresh water. The HTE was blended into milk and fed twice daily. Supplementation with HTE had no effect on starter intake or total DM intake. When compared to other treatments, calves fed HTE4 had higher average daily gain (ADG; P = 0.01) and final body weight (BW) (P = 0.04). Furthermore, calves fed HTE4 showed the greatest feed efficiency (FE) when compared to the other treatments (P < 0.01). The incremental levels of HTE lowered fecal score and diarrheic episode duration (P < 0.01). With the supplementation of HTE, the Escherichia coli population decreased linearly, although the lactobacillus population increased (P < 0.01). In comparison to other treatments, HTE4 supplementation resulted in the highest lymphocyte per-centage and lymphocyte-to-monocyte ratio (P < 0.01). Albumin concentration was greatest when calves were fed HTE4 (P = 0.02). Further, plasma cholesterol concentration evolved quadratically (P = 0.03) with HTE supplementation so that calves fed HTE4 had higher cholesterol concen-trations than HTE0 and HTE6 calves. Calves fed HTE had a linear increase (P < 0.01) in TAC on day 36, with HTE6 calves having greater TAC than HTE0 and HTE4 calves. In addition, on day 65, TAC changed quadratically as HTE levels increased (P < 0.01), with HTE2 and HTE4 calves having greater TAC values than HTE6 calves. In conclusion, our findings suggested that HTE supplementation with up to 4 g/d may increase growth performance and plasma antioxidant capacity, decrease the presence of pathogens in feces, and improve newborn calves' health condition.
Independent and interactive effects of plant sterols and fish oil <i>n</i>-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on the plasma lipid profile of mildly hyperlipidaemic Indian adults; The present study was designed to evaluate the independent and interactive effects of a once-a-day yoghurt drink providing 2g plant sterols/d and capsules providing 2g fish oil n-3 long-chain (LC) PUFA/d on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins and LDL particle size. Following a 2-week run-in period, 200 mildly hypercholesterolaemic Indian adults aged 35-55 years were randomised into one of four groups of a 2 X 2 factorial, double-blind controlled trial. The 4-week treatments consisted of (1) control yoghurt drink and control capsules, (2) control yoghurt drink and fish oil capsules, (3) plant sterol-enriched yoghurt drink and control capsules, or (4) plant sterol-enriched yoghurt drink and fish oil capsules. Blood was drawn before and after the 4-week intervention. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The main effects of plant sterols were a 4.5% reduction in LDL-cholesterol and a 15% reduction in TAG without a significant change in HDL-cholesterol. Overall, fish oil n-3 LC-PUFA did not significantly affect cholesterol concentrations but reduced TAG by 15% and increased HDL-cholesterol by 5.4%. The combination significantly lowered TAG by 15% v. control. No significant interaction between plant sterols and n-3 LC-PUFA was observed on plasma cholesterol concentrations. In conclusion, once-a-day intake of 2g plant sterols/d in a yoghurt drink, 2 g fish oil n-3 LC-PUFA/d in capsules, and their combination had beneficial effects on the lipid profile of mildly hypercholesterolaemic Indian adults. The potent hypotriacylglycerolaemic effect of plant sterols observed in the present study and this population warrants additional investigation.
EFFECT OF DIETS HIGH IN BUTTER, CORN-OIL, OR HIGH-OLEIC ACID SUNFLOWER OIL ON SERUM-LIPIDS AND APOLIPOPROTEINS IN MEN; This randomized blind crossover study compared serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentrations in 20 men consuming 37-43% of energy as fat from diets based on corn oil, high-oleic acid sunflower oil, and butter. Each phase of the crossover design included 2 wk of butter-based diet followed by 5 wk of designated vegetable-oil-based diet with a 7-wk washout period between phases. Compared with values for the butter-based diet, the vegetable-oil-based diets reduced serum total cholesterol by 16-21%  (p < 0.001), LDL cholesterol by 21-26% (p < 0.001), triglycerides by 10-21% (p < 0.01 for the higher figure), and apolipoprotein B-100 by 22-29% (p < 0.001). When values fell, they fell further on the corn-oil-based diet. There were no significant changes in serum HDL cholesterol or apolipoprotein A-1. These data suggest that when men on diets high in saturated fatty acids reduce their saturated fatty acid intake but not their total fat intake, many can still experience a significant lowering in serum total cholesterol.
Monetary value of self-reported diets and associations with sociodemographic characteristics and dietary intake among Japanese adults: analysis of nationally representative surveys; Objective: To examine the relationships of monetary value of diets with sociodemographic and lifestyle characteristics and dietary intake among Japanese adults. Design: Cross-sectional study based on two nationally representative surveys: the Comprehensive Survey of Living Conditions and the National Health and Nutrition Survey, 2013. Dietary intake was assessed by a 1 d semi-weighed household dietary record with information on individual proportion of intakes. Diet cost was estimated by linking dietary data with retail food prices. A wide variety of sociodemographic and lifestyle variables were obtained from the two surveys. Setting: A random sample of nationally representative households in Japan. Subjects: Japanese adults aged 20 years or older (n 4658). Results: Lower energy-adjusted diet cost (Japanese yen/4184 kJ) was significantly associated with being younger, having a lower education, less equivalent monthly household expenditure, large household size, less physical activity and living in rented houses. Lower diet cost was associated with a lower intake of pulses, vegetables, fruits, fish, meat and dairy products, and a higher intake of grain, eggs, and fats and oils. At the nutrient level, lower diet cost was associated with a lower intake of protein, alcohol, dietary fibre, cholesterol and all vitamins and minerals examined, and a higher intake of carbohydrate. Diet cost was inversely associated with dietary energy density. Conclusion: These data suggest that certain low socio-economic subgroups in Japan consume diets of lower monetary value, resulting in a lower quality of food and nutrient intake pattern except for lower sodium, cholesterol and alcohol consumption.
Results of a randomized controlled trial evaluating the effect of increasing package size on usage volume of peanut butter in older adults; Background: Portion and package sizes of foods generally influence energy intake in children and adults. However, little is known about this effect in older adults. This study aimed to determine the effect of increasing package size on usage volume of peanut butter in older adults. Furthermore, it is investigated whether older women and men, different age groups (< 65, 65-80, and 80 +), and non-overweight (BMI < 25), overweight (BMI. 25) and obese (BMI > 30) older adults had different responses to variation in package size. Methods: A randomized controlled trial among 205 older adults was conducted wherein participants were randomized to either the small (350 g) (n = 103) or the large (1000 g) (n = 102) package size condition. Linear regression analyses were used to determine the association between package size condition and usage volume of peanut butter on a slice of bread. Interactions of sex, age groups and BMI categories with package size were tested to investigate differences in responses to variation in package size. Results: Older adults spread on average 12.4 g (SD = 4.3) of peanut butter on a slice of bread when exposed to a small jar of peanut butter and 12.6 g (SD = 4.4) when exposed to a large jar of peanut butter (B = 0.15; 95%CI = 1.04 to 1.35). Interactions between sex, age groups or BMI categories with package size condition were not statistically significant. Conclusions: Increased package size has no effect on usage volume of peanut butter among older adults. Older women and men, different age groups within older adults, and normal-weight, overweight and obese older adults do not respond differently to variation in package size of spreads.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY ENERGY LEVELS USING CALCIUM SALTS OF FATTY ACIDS ON NUTRITIVE VALUE OF DIETS AND MILK QUALITY IN PERIPARTUM DAIRY GOATS; Peripartum is a critical period for dairy goats, as dry matter intake (DMI) is not enough to supply the energy requirement for foetal growth and subsequent lactation. The objective of this study was to evaluate the use of calcium salts of fatty acids (CSFA) to increase dietary energy level of peripartum dairy goats and its effects on nutritive value of diets and milk quality. Twenty multiparous Saanen goats (body weight 63.5 +/- 10.3 kg) were distributed in a completely randomised design in four treatments at the following dietary energy levels: 2.6 Mcal of metabolisable energy per kg of dry matter (Mcal ME/kg DM) - control diet; and 2.7, 2.8, and 2.9 Mcal/kg DM - with added CSFA. Goats were housed in individual stalls and evaluated in the peripartum period, by measuring body weight (BW), DMI, dry matter and nutrient digestibility of diets, blood composition, and milk quality and yield. Increasing dietary energy level to 2.9 Mcal ME/kg DM had no effect on BW and did not limit DMI. CSFA supplementation increased intake of total digestible nutrients and did not affect fibre digestion. Blood triglycerides and cholesterol concentration increased with CSFA addition. The treatments had no effect on milk yield and composition; however, CSFA supplementation changed the fatty acid concentration of milk fat, increasing levels of polyunsaturated and essential fatty acids. In conclusion, peripartum dairy goats supplemented with CSFA to increase dietary energy level up to 2.9 Mcal ME/kg DM had a greater supply of total digestible nutrients and showed altered fatty acid concentration of milk fat.
EFFECTS OF COOKED LENTILS ON GLYCEMIC CONTROL AND BLOOD LIPIDS OF PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes control is one of the main conflict issues in diabetes management. Scientists, recently, recommend [increasing low glycemic index (LGI) foods in dietary regimen. The effects of cooked lentil as a low glycemic index food on serum blood glucose and lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients has been investigated in this study. METHODS: In a randomized cross-over clinical trial which was performed on 30 patients with type II diabetes mellitus, subjects were randomly divided into 2 groups. Group A followed the normal diet and Group B followed normal diet with 50gm cooked lentil and 6gm canula oil substitute of 30gm bread and 20gm cheese. After 6 weeks, groups stopped their diets and put on wash out period for 3 weeks and later the diets where switched between the them. Diet continued for another 6 weeks. Anthropometric measurements, dietary intakes, serum lipids and glucose levels were determined at the beginning and the end of each test period. Data were analyzed by Food Processor II and SPSS-13. RESULTS: BMI, LDL_C, HDL_C, TG and serum Fructozamine were not significantly affected by dietary regimens. But Total cholesterol and fasting blood glucose decreased significantly in regimen containing lentil (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Consumption of cooked lentil as a LGI food in breakfast led to reduction of FBS and TC and improvement of glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients.
EFFECTS OF GREEN TEA (CAMELLIA SINENSIS) ON LIVER HISTOLOGY OF MICE ON HIGH FAT DIET- A MORPHOMETRIC STUDY; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effects of green tea on liver histology of mice on high fat diet. STUDY DESIGN: Analytical experimental randomized control trial. PLACE & DURATION OF STUDY: Department of Anatomy in collaboration with the Department of Pathology, Army Medical College, Rawalpindi and National Institute of Health, Islamabad. Twelve weeks study. MATERIAL & METHODS: Sixty adult mice, Balb-c, strain were selected and divided into three groups. The control group was given standard laboratory diet throughout the study. In experimental group A, the study was carried out in two phases. In the first phase, hepatic steatosis was induced by high fat diet containing 4 percent cholesterol powder and 40 percent butter fat for six weeks. In the second phase, experimental group was given normal diet with 1 percent green tea over a period of next six weeks. The experimental group B was given high fat diet containing 4 percent cholesterol powder and 40 percent butter fat with 1 percent green tea over a period of twelve weeks. Ten mice in each group were sacrificed at six weeks & remaining ten were sacrificed at twelve weeks. RESULTS: High fat diet for six weeks produced significant hepatic steatosis, evident on histological analysis. When experimental group A (induction phase) with high fat diet was compared with the (reversal phase) on normal diet and green tea, statistically significant difference (p<0.05) was noted in terms of liver histology. Green tea reverted all parameters in experimental group B, which though reduced never reached the control value and remained somewhat elevated. CONCLUSION: It is therefore concluded that green tea protects against the development of hepatic steatosis and reduces hepatic injury in mice.
Serum cholesterol predictive equations in product development; The aim of the study was to incorporate trans fatty acids into predictive equations for serum cholesterol and compare their effects with the effects of the individual saturated fatty acids 12: 0, 14: 0 and 16:0. We have introduced trans fatty acids from partially hydrogenated soybean oil (TransV) and fish oil (TransF) into previously published equations by constrained regression analysis. Prior knowledge about the signs and ordering of existing regression coefficients were incorporated into the regression modelling by adding lower and upper bounds to the coefficients. Oleic acid (18: 1) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (18: 2, IS :3) were not sufficiently varied in the studies and the respective regression coefficients therefore set equal to those found by Yu et al. (Am J Clin Nutr 1995;61:1129-39). Stearic acid (18:0) considered to be neutral was not included in the equations. The regression analyses were based on results from four controlled dietary studies with a total of 95 participants and including 10 diets differing in fatty acid composition. The analyses resulted in the following equations where the change in cholesterol is expressed in mmol/L and the change in intake of fatty acids is expressed in E%: Delta Total cholesterol = 0.01Delta(12:0) + 0.12Delta(14:0) + 0.057Delta(16:0) + 0.039Delta(TransF) + 0.031 Delta(TransV)- 0.0044Delta(18:1) - 0.017Delta(18:2, 18:3) and DeltaLDL cholesterol = 0.01Delta(12:0) + 0.071Delta(14:0) + 0.047Delta(16:0) + 0.043Delta(TransF) + 0.025 Delta(TransV) - 0.0044Delta(18:1) - 0.017Delta(18:2, 18: 3). The test set used for validation consisted of 22 data points from seven recently published dietary studies. The equation for total cholesterol showed good prediction ability with a correlation coefficient of 0.981 between observed and predicted values. The equation has been used to reformulate margarines into "trans free" products all with more favourable effects on serum cholesterol than previous products. Also a cholesterol reducing margarine has been produced. When tested against butter in an open clinical trial among subjects with mild hypercholesterolemia the observed cholesterol-lowering effect of this margarine corresponded reasonably well with the predicted (0.77 vs. 0.64 mmol/L). We conclude that the equation has practical applicability and can be used to formulate and nutritionally optimise fat products as well as to evaluate already existing products on the market.
<i>n</i>-3 LC-PUFA-enriched dairy products are able to reduce cardiovascular risk factors: A double-blind, cross-over study; Background: & aims: The effects of n - 3 LC-PUFA-supplemented dairy products on cardiovascular risk factors in mildly hypertriacylglycerolemic patients (TAG: >= 1.5 mmol/L) were determined. Methods: Fifty-one patients (25 f, 26 m) were included in the double-blind, placebo-controlled cross-over study and were randomly divided into two groups. Both groups received intervention (3 g n - 3 LC-PUFA/d) and control dairy products consecutively for fifteen weeks with a ten-week wash-out phase between the two treatments. Blood samples and 24-h urine were obtained at the beginning and at the end of each period. The blood lipids were determined by enzymatic methods and using the autoanalyser Synchron LX systems (Beckman Coulter). 7,8-Dihydro-8-oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine and fatty acids were analysed with HPLC and GC. Results: Generally, the consumption of the intervention products resulted in a significant improvement of cardiovascular risk factors, e.g., n - 3 FA index, AA/EPA ratio, total cholesterol, and TAG. The TAG and LDL/HDL ratio were lower at the end of the intervention period in comparison with the control period, whereas HDL cholesterol was higher at the end of the intervention period. Further, n - 3 LC-PUFA-enriched products did not cause additional oxidative DNA damage as shown by the 7,8-dihydro-8-oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine excretion. Conclusions: The consumption of n - 3 LC-PUFA-supplemented dairy products decreases cardiovascular risk factors. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Milk Powder Co-Supplemented with Inulin and Resistant Dextrin Improves Glycemic Control and Insulin Resistance in Elderly Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 12-Week Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Scope The objective of the present study is to evaluate the effects of milk powder co-supplemented with inulin and resistant dextrin (MPCIR) on elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods and results A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial is carried out among elderly T2DM patients. The subjects recruited from the community are randomly assigned to either the MPCIR group or placebo group for 12 weeks intervention. Each group receives 45 g milk powder with or without inulin and resistant dextrin. Anthropometric and metabolic variables are measured. For the MPCIR group, systolic blood pressure (BP) and diastolic BP are reduced significantly by 5.45 and 4.56 mm Hg (p < 0.001, vs placebo group), respectively. Compared with the placebo group, the fasting and 2-h postprandial plasma glucose levels, glycosylated serum protein, and insulin resistance index of the MPCIR group are significantly decreased by 0.96 mmol L-1, 1.47 mmol L-1, 16.33 mu mol L-1, and 0.65 respectively (p < 0.001). The MPCIR group shows an increase by 7.09 mu IU mL(-1) and 20.43 in 2-h postprandial insulin (p = 0.016) and beta-cell function index (p < 0.001), respectively. Conclusion MPCIR supplementation helps to improve glycemic control, insulin resistance, and blood pressure.
Probiotics for the treatment of type 2 diabetes: A review of randomized controlled trials; With the increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), there is increased interest in probiotic supplementation for improving glycaemic control. This review evaluates nine randomized controlled trials that tested the effects of probiotics on glycaemic outcomes including fasting plasma glucose, fasting plasma insulin, haemoglobin A1c, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance among adults with T2DM. Based on the evidence reviewed, multistrain probiotics that contain seven million to 100 billion colony forming units of Lactobacillus acidophilus, Streptococcus thermophilus, Lactobacillus bulgaricus, and/or Bifidobacterium lactis administered for 6 to 12 weeks may be efficacious for improving glycaemic control in adults with T2DM. Further research is needed to understand the role of the gut microbiota and the probiotic dose, medium, and duration of exposure that is most effective for disease management.
Macronutrient intake and cardiovascular risk factors in older coloured South Africans; A cross-sectional analytical study was undertaken to investigate the macronutrient intake and cardiovascular risk factor profile of community-dwelling older coloured (mixed descent) South Africans, A sample of 200 subjects aged 65 years and above in Cape Town was randomly drawn using a two-stage cluster design, Trained fieldworkers interviewed subjects to obtain demographic, dietary and life-style data, to draw fasting blood samples for the analysis of plasma lipids, and to take anthropometric measurements. Nutrient intake was assessed using a validated quantified food frequency questionnaire, Blood pressure was measured according to the guidelines of the American Heart Association, The mean daily energy intake was 7 984 (3 245) kJ and 6 979 (2219) kJ for men and women, respectively, Twenty-nine per cent of the subjects had energy intakes less than two-thirds of the RDA, Dietary fat intake comprised 32.4% of total energy intake, which is in line with the prudent dietary guidelines, The inadequate fibre intake (mean = 17(8) g/day) was attributed to the low consumption of fruit and vegetables, Anthropometric assessment indicated that the women tended towards overnutrition, while the men appeared to be undernourished, Lipid profiles fell within the lower end of the moderate risk band for cardiovascular disease and a high prevalence of hypertension (71.7%) was identified, The survey findings indicate a need for health promotion activities to encourage increased physical activity levels and an increased consumption of vegetables, fruit, wholegrain cereals and low fat dairy products in this population.
A low-carbohydrate protein-rich bedtime snack to control fasting and nocturnal glucose in type 2 diabetes: A randomized trial; In type 2 diabetes, liver insulin resistance and excess hepatic glucose production results in elevated fasting glucose. A bedtime snack has been recommended to improve fasting glucose, yet there is little evidence supporting this recommendation. Moreover, the optimal composition of a bedtime snack is unknown. Purpose: To determine whether a low-carbohydrate protein-rich bedtime snack (Egg) could reduce fasting plasma glucose levels in people with type 2 diabetes when compared to a high-carbohydrate protein-rich bedtime snack (Yogurt) or a No Bedtime Snack condition. Secondary outcomes included glucose control assessed by continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) and fasting insulin sensitivity markers. Methods: Using a randomized crossover design, participants with type 2 diabetes (N = 15) completed three separate isocaloric conditions: i) Egg, ii) Yogurt, and iii) No Bedtime Snack, each lasting three days. CGM was collected throughout and duplicate fasting blood samples were obtained on the morning of day 4 in each condition. Results: Fasting plasma glucose (P = 0.04, d = 0.68), insulin (P = 0.04, d = 0.45), and nocturnal glucose (P = 0.02, d = 0.94) were significantly lower, and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI; P = 0.003) was improved, in the Egg compared to the Yogurt bedtime snack. There were no significant differences between either bedtime snack and No Bedtime Snack. Conclusion: In the short-term, a low-carbohydrate bedtime snack (Egg) lowered fasting glucose and improved markers of insulin sensitivity when compared to a high-carbohydrate protein-matched bedtime snack (Yogurt). However, consuming a low- or high-carbohydrate bedtime snack did not appear to lower fasting glucose compared to consuming an isocaloric diet with no bedtime snack. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
The effect of salinomycin on certain blood parameters and milk quality of lactating sows; Twenty-five gilts and sows, after pregnancy confirmation using the ultrasonic method, were randomly divided and allocated to the following five experimental groups: SALO = negative controls, SAL20 = 20 mg salinomycin per kg of feed, SAL40 = 40 mg salinomycin per kg of feed, SAL60 = 60 mg salinomycin per kg of feed and SAL80 = 80 mg salinomycin per kg of feed. Ail animals remained under treatment for two consecutive breeding cycles. The sows were fed a home-mixed balanced feed during gestations and lactations. At the third, tenth and eighteenth day of each lactation, blood and milk samples were collected. Blood samples were analysed for cholesterol and total lipids and milk samples were analysed for the determination of the fat, lactose, protein, ash and totals solids concentrations, In all treated groups, cholesterol concentrations were significantly higher (P < 0.05) compared with the controls. Total lipid concentrations were significantly higher (P < 0.05) in SAL40 and SAL60 groups in comparison with SALO and SAL20 groups, during both cycles. Milk fat concentrations were higher (P < 0.05) in treated groups than in the control group; the highest concentrations were observed at SAL40 and SAL60 groups. In all treated groups, concentrations of milk lactose were significantly higher (P < 0.05) than those observed in the negative control group. Milk protein concentrations were significantly higher (P < 0.05) in SAL40 and SAL60 groups compared with the SALO group, but there was no significant difference in SAL20 and SAL80 groups in comparison with the SALO group. No significant differences were observed concerning milk ash concentrations between all groups. In all treated groups, concentrations of total solids were significantly higher (P < 0.05) in comparison with the control group; the highest concentrations were observed in the SAL40 and SAL60 groups. It is concluded that the use of salinomycin in sow diet, increases concentrations of blood triglycerides and cholesterol and improves the quality of milk, thus reflecting on higher weight gain and survival rate of suckling piglets.
Twelve-year trends and correlates of dietary salt intakes for the general adult population of Geneva, Switzerland; Background/Objectives: Investigate dietary salt intake trends by gender, and their associations with risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in Geneva, Switzerland. Subjects/Methods: Continuous surveillance of the Geneva general adult (35-74 years) population for 12 years (1993-2004) using a validated, semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) in random, cross-sectional, representative samples (6688 men, 6647 women). Dietary salt intake assessment by FFQ excluded discretionary salt, but was calibrated on total salt intake using an independent validation substudy of 100 volunteers who additionally provided 24-h urine collections. Results: Quartiles (mean) of calibrated dietary salt intake (g per day) were 9.9, 10.5, 11.2 (10.6) in men, and 7.0, 7.8, 8.9 (8.1) in women and were above current recommendations. Quartiles (mean) of salt density ( g MJ(-1)) were 0.99, 1.16, 1.39 (1.23) in men, and 0.98, 1.12, 1.30 (1.17) in women. Both measures were stable during the 12-year surveillance period, regardless of hypertension treatment. Salt-density differences between cardiovascular disease risk factor subgroups were moderate. Salt density increased with age and body mass index. The main dietary non-discretionary salt food sources (men/women: 47/48%) were breads (17/17%), cheeses (11/10%), meat and meat products (8/7%), soups (6/9%) and ready-to-eat foods (5/5%). Conclusions: Salt intakes from all sources for the Geneva, and perhaps the Swiss adult population are above current recommendations. The quantitative and qualitative data provided in this paper could be used to develop and implement strategies for salt-intake reduction in Switzerland.
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid supplementation during the transition period on plasma metabolites and productive and reproductive performances in dairy cows; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CIA) supplementation during the transition period on plasma metabolites and productive and reproductive performance in dairy cows. Seventy five multiparous Holstein cows approximately 3 weeks before expected calving date were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 diets containing: (1) CLA21 (n = 18), rumen protected CLA (75 g/h/d, Lutrell Pure, BASF, Ludwigshafen, Germany) from 21 d before parturition (dbp) to 21 d postpartum (dpp); (2) CLA42 (n = 19), rumen protected CIA from 21 dbp to 42 dpp; (3) P021 (n = 18), palm oil (75 g/h/d) from 21 dbp to 21 dpp; or (4) P042 (n = 20), palm oil from 21 dbp to 42 dpp. Daily milk yield and body condition score (BCS) at calving and 42 dpp were recorded. Milk fat, protein and lactose were determined weekly. Blood samples were collected from 8 cows in each dietary group at 20.2 +/- 3.2 (mean SEM), 0, 10, 21 and 42 d relative to calving (day 0) to determine plasma concentration of glucose, cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipoprotein (HDL), serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (SGOT), serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase (SGPT), nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) and insulin. Milk yield was greater in cows fed diets supplemented with CIA compared to those fed PO diets, conversely overall milk fat content and fat yield was lower in cows fed CIA compared to those fed diets supplemented with PO. There were no differences among diets for dry matter intake (DMI). Cows in CLA21and those in PO42 dietary treatments had the least and greatest BCS loss, respectively from calving until 42 dpp. Plasma concentrations of glucose and cholesterol were greater in CIA fed cows compared with PO fed cows. Plasma NEFA and BHBA were lower in PO21 and CLA21 cows than in PO42 and CLA42 cows. However, dietary treatment had no effect (P >= 0.05) on plasma concentration of triglyceride, HDL, SGOT, SGPT and insulin. In addition, reproductive performance did not differ among dietary groups. In summary, feeding CLA during transition period decreased milk fat percentage, BCS loss and increased plasma concentrations of glucose and cholesterol, and milk yield. Extending supplementation of either CLA or PO from 21 to 42 dpp increased plasma concentrations of BHBA and NEFA, but did not alter milk composition and yield. Reproductive performance of dairy cows did not differ among dietary treatments. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparable reduction in cholesterol absorption after two different ways of phytosterol administration in humans; Consumption of phytosterols is a nutritional strategy to reduce cholesterol absorption, but the efficacy of various phytosterol intake modalities remains uncertain. The main objective was to investigate the effects of phytosterol esters (PE) provided either as a spread (dispersed in fat) during a mixed meal or as a minidrink (micro-dispersed in liquid form) after a meal. In a randomized, single-blinded crossover design, 12 healthy intubated volunteers tested three different liquid meal sequences with and without PE. The liquid meal (500 mL, Fortisip) contained an oral dose (80 mg) of deuterium-enriched cholesterol (D7C). The intubation was stopped at 240 min, and the fate of sterols was determined in the different phases of duodenal content samples as function of time. A second solid fat-containing meal without sterols was consumed at 270 min. D7C was quantified in chylomicrons and plasma for 8 h. The conditions tested were as follows: (1) no PE added (control), (2) PE in a spread added into a liquid meal (PE-spread meal) and (3) PE given 30 min after a liquid meal as 100-g yoghurt drink (PE-minidrink meal). Addition of PE decreased the incorporation of cholesterol into the duodenum aqueous phase including micelles. PE added as a spread or as a minidrink significantly and comparably lowered meal cholesterol occurrence in chylomicrons (-40 % for PE-spread and -54 % for PE-minidrink, p < 0.0001) compared with the control meal. PE either dispersed in fat during a meal or micro-dispersed in a liquid form after a meal resulted in a markedly reduced occurrence of meal-derived cholesterol in the circulation at a comparable extent.
Increased Dairy Consumption Differentially Improves Metabolic Syndrome Markers in Male and Female Adults; Background: Effects of dairy consumption on metabolic health and adiposity are inconsistent. Most clinical trials have investigated dairy intake, frequently during caloric restriction, in overweight or obese populations but not in a metabolic syndrome population. We investigated the effect of increased dairy intake without caloric restriction on anthropometrics, plasma lipids, and glucose in typically low-dairy consumers who met the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) metabolic syndrome criteria. Methods: Male (n=14) and female (n=23) adults (54.19.7 years) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to consume low-fat dairy (LFD) (10oz of 1% milk, 6oz of nonfat yogurt, 4oz of 2% cheese) or carbohydrate control (CNT) (1.5-oz granola bar and 12oz of 100% juice) foods for 6 weeks in a crossover study design. Anthropometrics, metabolic syndrome parameters, insulin resistance, and parathyroid hormone were measured. Body composition was analyzed by a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan for a subset of subjects (n=22). Results: LFD modulated metabolic syndrome parameters differently according to gender. Following LFD, men had lower glucose (95.4 +/- 9.1 vs. 98.9 +/- 10.6mg/dL, P=0.048), whereas women had lower body weight (BW), waist circumference, and body mass index (P<0.01) compared to CNT. Women also had lower energy intake following LFD compared to CNT. Increases in phosphorus (a dairy nutrient) were negatively correlated with decreases in BW (r=-0.537; P<0.01) and body fat in women (r=-0.593, P<0.025), whereas the decreases in energy intake had no correlation with anthropometrics. Conclusions: Three dairy servings/day promoted small but significant improvements differentially by gender in a metabolic syndrome population.
Effect of vitamin A, calcium and vitamin D fortification and supplementation on nutritional status of women: an overview of systematic reviews; Background: Micronutrient deficiency affects the health and development of vulnerable population such as children and pregnant women. Measures such as fortification of food and supplementation have been implemented to prevent or control deficiencies related to micronutrients. Objective: To assess the effect of vitamin A, vitamin D, and calcium fortification and supplementation on nutritional status of women in reproductive age group. To assess the toxicities and adverse events related to intervention. Methodology: Systematic reviews including RCTs on women of reproductive age group provided with vitamin A, vitamin D, and calcium supplementation or fortified food were included, to report all malnutrition-related outcomes due to deficiency of the abovementioned micronutrients. The Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, EPPI Centre, Campbell Collaboration, PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus were searched electronically for English language publications, until 31 March 2018. Hand searching of the articles was done from the Journal of Food Science and Technology. Two independent reviewers selected the systematic reviews, extracted data, and assessed for the quality. Results: A total of 16 systematic reviews were included in narrative synthesis. Supplementation of vitamin A was reported to result in increased maternal serum retinol concentrations and increased breast milk retinol concentration. It reduced the risk of anemia (Hb < 11 g/dL) and reduced maternal clinical infection. Vitamin D supplementation increased 25-hydroxy vitamin D levels. There was insufficient evidence for the effect on bone mineral density and serum calcium levels. Calcium supplementation did not have any significant effect on body weight, weight gain, and body mass index of the participants. Conclusion: This overview of systematic reviews reiterates the nutritional importance of vitamin A, vitamin D, and calcium supplementation for the reproductive age women. However, there was no empirical evidence available for fortification of food with vitamin A, vitamin D, and calcium and nutritional benefits of the same for reproductive age women, therefore thrusting upon the need of conducting future quality research, i.e., clinical trials and systematic reviews for food fortification. Systematic review registration A priori protocol for this overview of systematic reviews was registered in PROSPERO with registration number .
Multiple effects of probiotics on different types of diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials; Background: A systematic review and meta-analysis was designed to evaluate the effect of probiotics on diabetes and its associated risk factors. Methods: We systematically searched the Cochrane Library, PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science to June 2016. We also hand-searched the citation lists of included studies and previously identified systematic reviews to identify further relevant trials. Our primary outcome variables included glucose, glycated hemoglobin ( HbA(1c)) and insulin. The pooled standardized mean difference was used to compare the effect between the probiotics and controlled groups, and the pooled standardized mean difference effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was estimated using a random- effect model. Heterogeneity was assessed with Cochran's Q and Higgins I-2 tests. Two reviewers assessed trial quality and extracted data independently. The analysis and bias for each included study was performed and assessed using Review Manager 5.2. Results: Eighteen randomized, placebo-controlled studies (n = 1056 participants, 527 consuming probiotics, 529 not consuming probiotics) were included for analysis. Comparing the probiotics groups with the control groups, there were statistically significant pooled standardized mean differences on the reduction of glucose (-0.61, 95% CI -0.98, - 0.24; p = 0.001), insulin (-0.49, 95% CI -0.93, - 0.04; p = 0.03) and HbA(1c) (-0.39, 95% CI -0.60, -0.19%; p = 0.0001). Subgroup analysis also indicated statistical significance on the reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in non-type 2 diabetes (non-T2DM) mellitus patients with diabetes, for the pooled standardized mean difference was -0.29 (95% CI -0.54, -0.04; p = 0.02). Conclusions: Probiotics may have beneficial effects on the reduction of glucose, insulin and HbA(1c) for diabetes, especially for T2DM mellitus patients.
Partial Meal Replacement Plan and Quality of the Diet at 1 Year: Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) Trial; Background Little is known about diet quality with a reduced-energy, low-fat, partial meal replacement plan, especially in individuals with type 2 diabetes. The Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) trial implemented a partial meal replacement plan in the Intensive Lifestyle Intervention. Objective To compare dietary intake and percent meeting fat-related and food group dietary recommendations in Intensive Lifestyle Intervention and Diabetes Support and Education groups at 12 months. Design A randomized controlled trial comparing Intensive Lifestyle Intervention with Diabetes Support and Education at 0 and 12 months. Participants/setting From 16 US sites, the first 50% of participants (aged 45 to 76 years, overweight or obese, with type 2 diabetes) were invited to complete dietary assessments. Complete 0-and 12-month dietary assessments (collected between 2001 and 2004) were available for 2,397 participants (46.6% of total participants), with 1,186 randomized to Diabetes Support and Education group and 1,211 randomized to Intensive Lifestyle Intervention group. Main outcome measures A food frequency questionnaire assessed intake: energy; percent energy from protein, fat, carbohydrate, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and saturated fats; trans-fatty acids; cholesterol; fiber; weekly meal replacements; and daily servings from food groups from the Food Guide Pyramid. Statistical analyses performed Mixed-factor analyses of covariance, using Proc MIXED with a repeated statement, with age, sex, race/ethnicity, education, and income controlled. Unadjusted chi(2) tests compared percent meeting fat-related and food group recommendations at 12 months. Results At 12 months, Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants had a significantly lower fat and cholesterol intake and greater fiber intake than Diabetes Support and Education participants. Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants consumed more servings per day of fruits; vegetables; and milk, yogurt, and cheese; and fewer servings per day of fats, oils, and sweets than Diabetes Support and Education participants. A greater percentage of Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants than Diabetes Support and Education participants met fat-related and most food group recommendations. Within Intensive Lifestyle Intervention, a greater percentage of participants consuming two or more meal replacements per day than participants consuming less than one meal replacement per day met most fat-related and food group recommendations. Conclusions The partial meal replacement plan consumed by Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants was related to superior diet quality.
Effect of feeding probiotic fermented indigenous food mixture on serum cholesterol levels in mice; The study was undertaken to study the hypocholesterolemic effect of an indigenously developed and probiotic fermented cereal-pulse food mixture. Mice were used as experimental animals. An indigenous food mixture containing barley flour, sprouted green gram paste, milk coprecipitate and tomato pulp (in the ratio 2: 1: 1: 1 w/w) was developed. The control group was provided unfermented food mixture with 1% added cholesterol while the experimental group received sequentially fermented (S. boulardii + L. casei) food mixture with 1% added cholesterol. The feeding trial was carried out for 42 days. Serum cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and triglycerides were analysed using kits (Boehringer Mannheim Gm bH, Mannheim, Germany). Feeding of the fermented food mixture significantly decreased the mean values for serum cholesterol and LDL cholesterol concentrations in mice. HDL cholesterol and triglycerides were less affected. The liver weight as well as liver cholesterol concentration was lower in experimental group as compared to the control group though the differences were not significant. Such a food mixture will have commercial viability as it is wholesome, nutritious and has therapeutic applications too. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EFFECTS OF SUBSTITUTING PALM OLEIN WITH CARBOHYDRATES ON INSULIN SENSITIVITY: A REVIEW; The role of palm olein on insulin resistance, which predisposes to disease progression of type 2 diabetes, is unclear. This article summarises the effects of substituting palm olein with carbohydrates on insulin sensitivity. Two intervention studies have reported conflicting findings. The RISCK (Reading, Imperial, Surreys, Cambridge and King's) study suggested that saturated fat-enriched diet consisting of mainly palm oil and milk fat did not differ from both high and low glycemic carbohydrates on insulin sensitivity in subjects at risk of developing metabolic syndrome. However, another study reported reduced insulin sensitivity after a diet enriched with palm olein and butter compared with high carbohydrate intake. No epidemiological data exists in this context. More clinical trials using solely palm olein in this area are needed. Further well-controlled large scale studies are needed to furnish the information on palm olein replacement with carbohydrates in diabetes prevention.
EFFECTS OF GREEN TEA (CAMELLIA SINENSIS) ON BLOOD GLUCOSE OF MICE ON HIGH FAT DIET; OBJECTIVES: The objective of the study was to evaluate the effects of green tea on blood sugar of mice on high fat diet. STUDY DESIGN: Analytical experimental randomized control trial. PLACE & DURATION OF STUDY: Department of Anatomy, Army Medical College, Rawalpindi and National Institute of Health, Islamabad. The duration of study was twelve weeks. MATERIAL & METHODS: Sixty adult mice, Balb-c strain were selected and divided into three groups. The control group was given standard laboratory diet throughout the study. In experimental group A, the study was carried outin two phases. In the first phase, hepatic steatosis was induced by high fat diet containing 4 percent cholesterol powder and 40 percent butter fat for six weeks. In the second phase, experimental group was given normal diet with 1 percent green tea over a period of next six weeks. The experimental group B was given high fat diet containing 4 percent cholesterol powder and 40 percent butter fat with 1 percent green tea over a period of twelve weeks. Ten mice in each were group sacrificed at six weeks and remaining ten were sacrificed at twelve weeks. RESULTS: The result showed that high fat diet for six weeks produced significant hepatic steatosis, evident on histological analysis. When experimental group A (induction phase) with high fat diet was compared with the (reversal phase) on normal diet and green tea, statistically significant difference (p<0.05) was noted in terms of biochemical markers (Blood Glucose). Green tea affected all the biochemical parameters, which though reduced never reached the control value and remained somewhat elevated. CONCLUSION: It is therefore concluded that green tea protects against the development of hepatic steatosis, reduces hepatic injury and significantly lower the blood glucose.
The Effect of Probiotic Yogurt on Glycemic Control in Type 2 Diabetes or Obesity: A Meta-Analysis of Nine Randomized Controlled Trials; Probiotic yogurt is suggested as a nutritional approach in type 2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic outcomes in T2D or obesity. The databases used to search for RCTs included Medline and Scopus. The RCTs were eligible if outcomes included selected glycemic markers. In nine eligible trials, 237 and 235 subjects were in treatment (probiotic yogurt) and control (mostly conventional yogurt) groups, respectively. There was no significant difference for pooled unstandardized mean difference (USMD) hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) by probiotic yogurt compared with the control in T2D (USMD: -0.366; 95% CI: -0.755, 0.024, p = 0.066) and obesity (USMD: 0.116, 95% CI: -0.007, 0.238, p = 0.065). Similarly, there were no effects of probiotic yogurt on fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, or insulin resistance (estimated by homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)) in either T2D or obesity. In conclusion, the present meta-analysis has not demonstrated the benefits of consuming probiotic compared with conventional yogurt for improving glucose control in patients with diabetes or obesity. Larger trials are needed to verify the benefits of probiotic and/or conventional yogurt or other probiotic fermented milk (e.g., kefir) on glycemic markers in patients with diabetes and obesity.
Effect of soy protein from differently processed products on cardiovascular disease risk factors and vascular endothelial function in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background: The magnitude of the effect of soy protein on lipoprotein concentrations is variable. This discordance is likely attributable to the various forms of soy protein used and to unrecognized shifts in dietary fatty acid, cholesterol, and fiber. Objective: The objective was to evaluate the effect of soybean processing as well as soy consumption relative to animal protein, independent of alterations in major dietary variables, on cardiovascular disease risk factors and vascular endothelial function. Design: Twenty-eight hypercholesterolemic subjects (LDL cholesterol >= 3.36 mmol/L) aged > 50 y consumed each of 4 diets for 6-wk periods according to a randomized crossover design. The diets [55% of energy as carbohydrate, 30% of energy as fat, and 15% of energy as protein-7.5% of energy as experimental protein (37.5 g/d)] were designed to contain products made from either whole soybeans, soyflour, or soymilk and were compared with a diet containing an equivalent amount of animal protein (meat, chicken, and dairy products). The cholesterol, fiber, and fatty acid profiles of the diets were equalized. All food and drink were provided, and body weight was maintained throughout the study. Results: No significant differences in blood pressure, vascular endothelial function, or total cholesterol, VLDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein 13, or C-reactive protein concentrations were observed between the diets. Consumption of the soymilk diet resulted in a modest decrease (4%) in LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with the animal-protein and soyflour diets (P < 0.05) and higher HDL-cholesterol (1%) and apolipoprotein A-I (2%) concentrations compared with the soybean and soyflour diets (P < 0.05). Conclusions: The results suggest that the consumption of differently processed soy-based products and different types of protein (animal and soy) has little clinical effect on cardiovascular disease risk factors, including peripheral endothelial function, when other major dietary variables are held constant.
Monounsaturated fat decreases hepatic lipid content in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats; AIM: To evaluate the effects of different types of dietary fats on the hepatic lipid content and oxidative stress parameters in rat liver with experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). METHODS: A total of 32 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups. The rats in the control group (n = 8) were on chow diet (Group 1), rats (n = 6) on methionine choline-deficient diet (MCDD) (Group 2), rats (n = 6) on MCDD enriched with olive oil (Group 3), rats (n 6) on MCDD with fish oil (Group 4) and rats (n = 6) on MCDD with butter fat (Group 5). After 2 mo, blood and liver sections were examined for lipids composition and oxidative stress parameters. RESULTS: The liver weight/rat weight ratio increased in all treatment groups as compared with the control group. Severe fatty liver was seen in MCDD + fish oil and in MCDD + butter fat groups, but not in MCDD and MCDD + olive oil groups. The increase in hepatic triglycerides (TG) levels was blunted by 30% in MCDD + olive oil group (0.59 +/- 0.09) compared with MCDD group (0.85 +/- 0.04, P < 0.004), by 37% compared with MCDD + fish oil group (0.95 +/- 0.07, P < 0.001), and by 33% compared with MCDD + butter group (0.09 +/- 0.1, P < 0.01). The increase in serum TG was lowered by 10% in MCDD + olive oil group (0.9 +/- 0.07) compared with MCDD group (1.05 +/- 0.06). Hepatic cholesterol increased by 15-fold in MCDD group [(0.08 +/- 0.02, this increment was blunted by 21% in MCDD + fish oil group (0.09 0.02)]. In comparison with the control group, ratio of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-6/omega-3 increased in MCDD + olive oil, MCDD + fish oil and MCDD + butter fat groups by 345-, 30- and 397-fold, respectively. In comparison to MCDD group (1.58 +/- 0.08), hepatic MDA contents in MCDD + olive oil (3.3 +/- 0.6), MCDD + fish oil (3.0 +/- 0.4), and MCDD + butter group (2.9 +/- 0.36) were increased by 108%, 91% and 87%, respectively (P < 0.004). Hepatic paraoxonase activity decreased significantly in all treatment groups, mostly with MCDD + olive oil group (-68%). CONCLUSION: Olive oil decreases the accumulation of triglycericle in the liver of rats with NAFLD, but does not provide the greatest antioxiclant activity. (c) 2007 The WJG Press. All rights reserved.
Metabolic evaluation of dairy cows submitted to three different strategies to decrease the effects of negative energy balance in early postpartum; In early lactation dairy cattle suffer metabolic alterations caused by negative energy balance, which predisposes to fatty liver and ketosis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the metabolic condition of high yielding dairy cows subjected to three treatments for preventing severe lipomobilization and ketosis in early lactation. Fifty four multiparous Holstein cows yielding >30 L/day were divided into four groups: control (CN= no treatment), glucose precursor (PG= propylene-glycol), hepatic protector (Mp= Mercepton (R)), and energy supplement with salts of linolenic and linoleic faty acids (Mg-E= Megalac-E (R)). Treatments were administrated randomly at moment of calving until 8 weeks postpartum. Blood samples were collected on days 1, 7, 14, 21, 28, 35, 42 and 49 postpartum. Body condition score (BCS) was evaluated at the same periods and milk yield was recorded at 2nd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th weeks of lactation. Concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), albumin, AST, beta-hydroxy-butyrate (BHBA), cholesterol, glucose, total protein, urea and triglycerides were analyzed in blood samples. Cut-off points for subclinical ketosis were defined when BHBA >= 1.4 mmol/L and NEFA >= 0.7 mmol/L. General occurrence of subclinical ketosis was 24% during the period. An ascendant curve of cholesterol and glucose was observed from the 1st to the 8th week of lactation, while any tendency was observed with BHBA and NEFA, although differences among treatments were detected (p <= 0.05). BCS decreased from a mean of 3.85 at 1st week to 2.53 at 8th week of lactation (p <= 0.001). Milk yield was higher in the Mg-E group compared with the other treatment groups (p <= 0.05) Compared with the CN group, the treatments with Mp and PG did not show significant differences in blood biochemistry and milk yield. Cows receiving PG and Mg-E showed higher values of BHBA and NEFA (P<0.05), indicating accentuated lipomobilization. Supplementation with Mg-E also resulted in significant higher concentrations of cholesterol, BHBA, urea, AST and lower values of glycemia. This performance may be explained by the highest milk yield observed with this treatment. Treatments with PG and Mp did not improve milk yield, compared with control cows, but did not show metabolic evidence of ketosis, fat mobilization or fatty liver. These results suggest that treatment with Mg-E improves milk production but induces a higher negative energy balance leading to moderated lipomobilization and ketone bodies production, increasing the risk of fatty liver.
Impacts of Different Levels of RUP on Performance and Reproduction of Holstein Fresh Cows; Metabolizable Protein (MP) supply and amino acid balance were manipulated through selection of highly digestible Rumen-Undegradable Protein (RUP) sources. Effects on production efficiency and reproduction of early post-partum dairy cows determined. Forty wo multiparous and 16 primiparous Holstein cows were assigned to diets in a completely randomized block design immediately after parturition with 3 weeks experimental periods and then were fed one ration for 120 days in milk. Diets were formulated to provide 3 concentrations of dietary RUP [LRUP 6.65, HRUP 7.72 and HRUP 8.79% of Dry Matter (DM)] which rumen-degraded protein remained constant (11.3% of DM). Diets contained 26.30% alfalfa hay, 12.60% corn silage, 9.50% sugar beet pulp and 51.5% concentrate (DM basis). Ingredients within diets were equal across treatments except for fish meal and corn gluten meal that partially replaced with steam rolled barley and soybean meal. Dry matter intake was linearly increased by treatment. Milk yield, FCM and protein content and yield all increased significantly when cows were fed diets with greater RUP but milk fat and lactose did not have different between treatments. BW changes was improved with intake of high RUP but BCS changes had significant difference and improved by increasing RUP in the diet. Number of breeding per cow, open days and first breeding conception rates had significantly increased with concuming HRUP diet (p<0.05). Also, plasma progesterone increased significantly (p<0.05) between days 11 and 21 after parturition. Plasma urea N concentrations were not statistically affected by diet. Plasma cholesterol concentrations increased significantly (p<0.05) by treatments.
Effects of probiotic supplementation in patients with type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis; Context: The rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes requires increased efforts to find effective therapeutic agents for this complex condition. Following the recent observation that the gut microbiota is altered in diabetic patients, researchers investigated the effect of probiotics in patients with diabetes. Objective: The aim of this systematic review was to assess the effects of probiotic consumption on glycemic control in diabetic patients. Data Sources: PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science (formerly ISI Web of Knowledge), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov, and ProQuest Dissertations and Theses databases were searched up to November 2015. Study Selection: Clinical trials in diabetic patients in whom probiotics were administered as an intervention were included. Data Extraction: Primary outcomes were fasting blood glucose, insulin concentration, insulin resistance, and hemoglobin A1c. Secondary outcomes were adverse events. Data Synthesis: Of the 2736 reports that were screened, 13 clinical trials met the inclusion criteria. Pooling data from eligible clinical trials revealed that probiotic supplementation significantly (P<0.05) decreased fasting blood glucose and hemoglobin A1c in diabetic patients, although the participants' characteristics (eg, body mass index) and the number and type of probiotic microorganisms affected the clinical response. Conclusions: Administration of probiotics appears to have a beneficial role in the management of type 2 diabetes; however, more clinical studies with adequate sample sizes and sound methodology are required to inform the development of evidence-based treatment guidelines.
The Lipid-Lowering Effects of 4 Weeks of Daily Soymilk or Dairy Milk Ingestion in a Postmenopausal Female Population; Alterations in plasma cholesterol concentrations, especially increases in low-density lipoprotein (LDL), are well-known risk factors in the development of atherosclerosis. Numerous studies have examined the lipid-lowering effects of functional soy-containing foods, but few have specifically examined soymilk, with equivocal findings reported. In September 2008, a single-blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted on 32 postmenopausal women at Baylor University, Waco, TX, USA. After a 2-week run-in period, subjects were randomly assigned to consume three servings of vanilla soy (n = 16) or reduced-fat dairy (n = 16) milk per day for 4 weeks. Plasma lipid profiles were obtained pre-and post-supplementation. Plasma high-density lipoprotein, LDL, and triglycerides were not significantly different between groups post-intervention (P = .45) or from baseline (P = .83). Separate analysis of plasma total cholesterol levels yielded similar results (P = .19 and P = .92, respectively). Furthermore, subanalyses controlling for dyslipidemia (n = 23) and lipid-lowering medication usage (n = 28) did not significantly alter results. Despite good dietary compliance, our study failed to show a significant hypocholesterolemic effect of soymilk consumption in this postmenopausal female population. Potential reasons for this nonsignificant finding are discussed, and future research directions are presented.
EFFECTS OF SODIUM MONENSIN ON REPRODUCTIVE-PERFORMANCE OF DAIRY-CATTLE .2. EFFECTS ON METABOLITES IN PLASMA, RESUMPTION OF OVARIAN CYCLICITY AND ESTRUS IN LACTATING COWS; A randomised trial was conducted to determine the effects of sodium monensin on plasma metabolite concentrations, resumption of cyclicity and oestrus and milk production and milk composition of postparturient dairy cows. Cows treated with sodium monensin in a controlled-release capsule had significantly lower plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) concentrations (P = 0.006) and tended (P = 0.07) to have significantly higher plasma glucose concentrations than untreated cows. Treatment did not significantly influence plasma free fatty acid, urea nitrogen or cholesterol concentrations. Despite higher plasma glucose concentrations and lower plasma BHB concentrations, periods from calving to first ovulation and oestrus were not reduced by treatment. This observation, with limited numbers of cows, is not consistent with a hypothesis that glucose or ketones are important metabolic regulators of pulsatile release of luteinising hormone and consequent resumption of cyclicity. While milk production and milk protein concentration did not significantly differ between groups, milk fat concentration was significantly lower for treated cows. Treated cows probably had lower dry matter intake than untreated cows as they produced 67 litres less milk per head and lost more weight than untreated cows during the study period, although weight and body condition score were not significantly affected by treatment. The lack of significance of these latter observations probably reflects the low statistical power of the study.
Food habits, socioeconomic status and body mass index among premenopausal and post-menopausal women in Mauritius; Background Although many health disparities arise as a result of socioeconomic inequalities, less is known about the diet quality of women after menopause. The present study aimed to determine the factors affecting food habits and body mass index (BMI) among premenopausal and post-menopausal Mauritian working women. Methods The study was conducted as a cross-sectional survey in different workplaces located in the nine districts of Mauritius. Mauritian women (n=400; 215 premenopausal, 185 post-menopausal) were recruited using stratified random sampling. Participants completed a self-reported questionnaire comprising a food frequency questionnaire previously constructed and used to address dietary guidelines that assess the intake of vegetables, fruits, dairy products, cereals, high- and low-fat protein sources, fats and sweetened beverages, as well as questions aiming to elicit socioeconomic profile, menopausal status, physical activity level and demographic data. Height, weight, waist and hip circumferences were measured. An independent sample t-test, chi-squared test and one-way analysis of variance were used for the statistical analyses. Results The mean dietary guideline score was significantly higher for post-menopausal than premenopausal women, (P=0.017). Each socioeconomic status (SES) category of post-menopausal women also demonstrated a higher dietary guideline score than that of premenopausal women (0.05). A high BMI was significantly associated with a low SES of participants (P=0.042) and post-menopausal stage (P=0.001). Conclusions Low SES and post-menopausal stage are risk factors for obesity among female workers in Mauritius. Although post-menopausal women ate a better diet, their mean BMI was higher than that of premenopausal women.
Effects of Distillers Dried Grains with Solubles on Feed Intake, Growth Performance, Gain Efficiency and Carcass Quality of Growing Kiko x Spanish Male Goats; Objectives were to evaluate, the effects of Distillers Dried Grains with Solubles (DDGS) on feed intake, growth, gain efficiency, selected blood metabolites and carcass quality of growing Kiko x Spanish intact male kids. Twenty-four male goats (28.9 +/- 1.28 kg BW and 4-5 months of age) were stratified by weight and randomly assigned to diets containing 48.4% Bermudagrass Hay (BGH) and 51.6% concentrate mix containing 0, 10.3, 20.6 and 31.0% of DDGS on a DM basis (6 goats diet(-1)). Feed intake was monitored daily. Body weight was monitored every 4 weeks and blood samples were collected at the start and end of the trial. After 57 days, goats were harvested and carcass characteristics were determined. Feed intake, average daily gain, gain efficiency, selected blood metabolites and carcass data were analyzed as a completely randomized block design. Initial BW (p = 0.22), final BW (p = 0.39), Average Daily Gain (ADG; p = 0.62), DM intake (p = 0.62) and Gain to Feed ratio (G:F; p = 0.84) were not different among treatments. There were no effects of DDGS on plasma urea nitrogen (p = 0.17). Serum cholesterol concentrations increased linearly (p<0.001) with increasing levels of DDGS. Dressing percent (p = 0.18) and rib eye area (p = 0.73) remained similar. Body wall fat (p = 0.45) and longissisimus muscle area (p = 0.73) values were unaffected. Results indicated that DDGS is a viable feedstuff for meat goats and up to 31% of DDGS can be included in the diet on a DM basis for growing goats without any compromise in DM intake, growth performance and carcass quality.
Evaluation of the effects of a new fermented milk product (Gaio) on primary hypercholesterolemia; Objective: To verify the effects on the lipid profile of a product of fermented milk (Gaio(R)) in patients with mild to moderate primary hypercholesterolemia. Design: The study was prospective, randomized, double-blinded and placebo controlled, with a crossover design. Subjects: Thirty-two patients (21 women and 11 men) with ages ranging between 36 and 65 years old were included in the study. All of them were on a controlled diet for at least 8 weeks. Intervention: Patients began, after clinical and laboratory analysis, in a randomized and double-blind manner to take 200 g daily of Gaio(R) or its placebo. After 8 weeks blood was collected again for lipid profile evaluation and the crossover was made. After an additional 8 weeks blood was collected for another lipid profile determination Results: All patients included completed the study. Comparisons were made between means of lipid profile constituents after the placebo and active product periods. These showed significant mean reduction of 5.3% (P = 0.004) for total cholesterol, 6.15% (P = 0.012) for LDL-cholesterol and no significant variation for HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides. The majority of patients presented no variation or had a decrease in their total cholesterol level. However, during the active product period, three patients showed an increase in cholesterol level by more than 5%. Conclusion: The fermented milk (Gaio(R)) produced a small but statistically significant decrease in total and LDL-cholesterol mean. However, not all subjects seem to respond to the product, and a few subjects showed a cholesterol increment. Further investigations are necessary to clarify this aspect. Sponsorship: Vigor Company, Brazil sponsored the study.
Effect of various levels of dietary whole cottonseed on blood parameters and performance of Awassi lambs under heat stress; This study was carried out to determine the effect of whole cottonseed (WCS) supplementation on finishing performance and blood parameters of Awassi lambs under heat stress. The compositions of diets for the various treatments were i) control: concentrate without WCS plus 15% wheat straw; ii) 8.5% WCS, 76.5% concentrate and 15% wheat straw; and iii) 17% WCS, 68% concentrate plus 15% wheat straw. Twenty seven male Awassi lambs (4 - 5 months old) were allotted to three dietary treatments in equal numbers for each diet in a completely randomized design. Following 15 days of diet adaptation, lambs were fed the experimental diets ad libitum for 56 days. According to the finishing trial, average daily gain (ADG), feed intake (FI), dry matter intake (DMI), feed efficiency and water consumption were not affected by the inclusion of WCS. Only numerical increment of daily gain, FI and DMI was observed in the 8.5% WCS group. Supplementation of WCS did not affect blood glucose, urea, total protein, albumin and potassium levels, but blood cholesterol level was increased. Changes in scrotal circumference were observed with supplementation of 17% WCS. As a result, WCS can replace concentrate up to 8.5% of diet without negative effects on finishing performance of Awassi lambs under heat stress conditions.
Potential role of milk fat globule membrane in modulating plasma lipoproteins, gene expression, and cholesterol metabolism in humans: a randomized study; Background: Butter is rich in saturated fat [saturated fatty acids (SFAs)] and can increase plasma low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. However, compared with other dairy foods, butter is low in milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) content, which encloses the fat. We hypothesized that different dairy foods may have distinct effects on plasma lipids because of a varying content of MFGM. Objective: We aimed to investigate whether the effects of milk fat on plasma lipids and cardiometabolic risk markers are modulated by the MFGM content. Design: The study was an 8-wk, single-blind, randomized, controlled isocaloric trial with 2 parallel groups including overweight men and women (n = 57 randomly assigned). For the intervention, subjects consumed 40 g milk fat/d as either whipping cream (MFGM diet) or butter oil (control diet). Intervention foods were matched for total fat, protein, carbohydrates, and calcium. Subjects were discouraged from consuming any other dairy products during the study. Plasma markers of cholesterol absorption and hepatic cholesterol metabolism were assessed together with global gene-expression analyses in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Results: As expected, the control diet increased plasma lipids, whereas the MFGM diet did not [total cholesterol (+/- SD): +0.30 +/- 0.49 compared with 0.04 +/- 0.49 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.024); LDL cholesterol: +0.36 +/- 0.50 compared with +0.04 +/- 0.36 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.024); apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A-I ratio: +0.03 +/- 0.09 compared with 0.05 +/- 0.10 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.007); and non-HDL cholesterol: +0.24 +/- 0.49 compared with 0.14 +/- 0.51 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.013)]. HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, sitosterol, lathosterol, campesterol, and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 plasma concentrations and fatty acid compositions did not differ between groups. Nineteen genes were differentially regulated between groups, and these genes were mostly correlated with lipid changes. Conclusions: In contrast to milk fat without MFGM, milk fat enclosed by MFGM does not impair the lipoprotein profile. The mech-anism is not clear although suppressed gene expression by MFGM correlated inversely with plasma lipids. The food matrix should be considered when evaluating cardiovascular aspects of different dairy foods.
Effect of whey protein supplementation on weight and body composition indicators: A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Background & aim: Whey protein (WP) is one of the well-known dairy driven products to help people to change their weight and body composition (BC). This study aimed to investigate the effect of WP on weight and BC on every published RCT on all populations. Methods: A systematic review of the literature was undertaken to identify RCTs that examined the effect of WP on weight, body fat, lean body mass, fat-free mass, and waist circumference. To create weighted-group-mean differences for within- and between-group comparisons, random effects models were used. Subgroup analyses were also done to determine the effect of potential sources of heterogeneity. Results: Thirty-five RCTs, with a total of 1902 adult participants were included in pooled analysis. The effect of WP supplementation on BMI (-0.156, 95% CI: -0.31, 0.00, P < 0.05), body fat mass (-0.144, 95% CI: -0.28, 0.00, P < 0.05), and waist circumference (-0.448, 95% CI: -0.86, -0.03, P < 0.05) in within group analysis, and BMI (-0.769, 95% CI: -1.54, 0.00, P < 0.05) and lean body mass (0.741, 95% CI: 0.07, 1.41, P < 0.05) in the between group analysis was indicated. Resistance training, WP dosage, sex, age group, the type of control group (placebo, different proteins, etc.), the control group dosage, and energy intake before and during the trial, as well as between the WP and control groups, were recognized as the main sources of heterogeneity. Conclusion: The data from trials currently available supports the use of WP to improve BC indicators. The benefits of WP on BC are expected to be greatest when combined with resistance training and a reduction in overall calorie consumption. (C) 2022 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
EFFECT OF PREPARTUM DIETARY ENERGY ON CONDITION SCORE, POSTPARTUM ENERGY, NITROGEN PARTITIONS, AND LACTATION PRODUCTION RESPONSES; Objectives were to examine the effects of feeding to alter body condition at calving on subsequent full lactation production performance and feed intake, on BW and periparturient blood traits, and on complete energy and N balances and ration digestibility during wk 6, 10, and 14 postpartum.  Thirty pluriparous Holstein cows were assigned randomly to two energy intakes from wk 33 of previous lactation through the dry period to create either normal (7.2) or thin (5.8) mean body condition scores at calving (9 = fat, 1 = thin).  The thin group was fed 0 kg hominy feed daily; the normal group was fed 2.7 kg daily to supplement forage DM available ad libitum during this period.  When compared with the normal group, cows in the thin condition group exhibited less negative body fat balance (-206 vs. -507 g/d); similar milk yield, DM intake, N partitions, and nutrient digestibilities; and lower fat test (3.2 vs. 4.1%) during the balance measurements.  Whole blood and serum traits were within normal physiological ranges.  Full lactation measurements were similar between treatments except that milk fat percentage was lower and DM intake (as percentage of BW), was higher in the thin condition group.  Although mean BW at calving was more (651 vs. 599 kg) for normal condition cows, condition scores and BW were not significantly different at 14 wk postpartum; BW curves indicated similar rates of recovery of weight thereafter.  Cows considered underconditioned at parturition mobilized less body fat after calving, resulting in reduced milk fat concentration without significant effects on milk yield, protein, SNF, DM intake, or nutrient utilization.
Community-based education classes for hypertension control - A 1.5-year randomized controlled trial; Community-based hypertension control is important for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. In this study, untreated men and women aged 35 to 69 years were randomly assigned to an intervention (n=56) or control(n=j5) group in a 1.5-year community-based education program. Subjects had no evidence of hypertensive end-organ defects and had screening blood pressures of 140 to 179 mmHg systolic and/or 90 to 109 mm Hg diastolic, with no difference in mean blood pressure between groups (148 to 150 mm Hg for mean systolic aid 83 to 84 mm Hg for mean diastolic pressures). The intervention group took four education classes in the first 6 months and four classes during the next year, and the control group took two classes. Health education focused on reduced dietary sodium and increased mill; intake, brisk walking, and, if necessary, reduction of alcohol and sugar intakes. Antihypertensive medication was started less often in the intervention than in the control group at 1.5 years (9% versus 24%, P<.05). Mean systolic pressure was 5 to 6 mm Hg less in the intervention than in the control group at both 6 months and 1.5 years (P<.05), with or without inclusion oi those subjects who began antihypertensive medication. Diastolic pressure and body mass index did not change significantly between groups. Urinary sodium excretion declined in the intervention bur not in the control group (differences between groups: P=.04 at 6 months and P=.07 at 1.5 years). According to a behavioral questionnaire, sodium reduction and milk increase were greater in the intervention than the control group (sodium: P<.01 at 6 months and P=.08 at 1.5 years; milk: P<.001 at 6 months and P<.01 at 1.5 years). Mean ethanol intake was reduced in the intervention but not the control group (P=.01 at 1.5 years). This community-based hypertension control program was effective in reducing systolic pressure levels by nonpharmacological means during the first 6 months and maintaining the reduction for 1.5 years.
Effect of camel milk on glycaemic control and lipid profile of patients with type 2 diabetes: Randomised controlled clinical trial; Traditionally, camel milk has been prescribed for diabetes, possibly due to content of insulin-like molecules. In this clinical trial, 40 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) who used long-acting insulin analogues were randomly assigned into two groups and received 500 mL of raw camel or cow milk daily for three months. Fasting blood sugar decreased significantly in the camel milk group compared with that in the cow milk group. A significant reduction (P < 0.05) in HbA1c was observed in both groups (camel milk, -3.0 +/- 2.0%; cow milk, -1.9 +/- 2.6%). The dose of insulin required was decreased in patients that received camel milk (13.7%). Total cholesterol significantly decreased in the cow milk group in comparison with the camel milk group. Insulin resistance and other serum lipids showed no statistical differences between the two groups. Camel milk could be effective for glycaemic control in T2DM patients using long-acting insulin. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Blood metabolites and fatty acid composition of milk and cheese from ewes fed oilseeds; Sixteen lactating Dorset ewes were used in a completely randomized design to determine the effects of oilseed supplementation on milk yield and composition, blood metabolites, cheese yield and composition and fatty acid profile of milk and cheese. Four iso-nitrogenotis diets were formulated: a control diet (CT) with no oilseed supplementation, a flaxseed supplemented diet (FS), a sunflower seed supplemented diet (SF), and a canola seed supplemented diet (CS). Oilseed-supplemented diets were formulated to contain 7% fatty acids. Feeding oilseeds had no effect on dry matter intake. Milk yield was similar for ewes fed CT, FS and SF and was higher (P < 0.05) than that of ewes fed CS. Ewes fed oilseed-supplemented diets produced milk with higher (P < 0.05) protein and total solid percentages than those fed CT. However, milk fat percentage was only higher (P < 0.05) in the milk of ewes fed FS and SF relative to those fed CT. Actual cheese yield was higher (P < 0.05) from milk of ewes fed oilseed-supplemented diets relative to those fed CT. However, cheese composition was not affected by dietary treatments. Plasma concentrations of fatty acids and cholesterol were increased (P < 0.05) while plasma concentration of beta-hydroxybutyrate (PHBA) was decreased (P < 0.05) by oilseed supplementation. However, plasma concentrations of glucose and mammary extraction rate of plasma metabolites were not influenced by oilseed feeding. Oilseed supplementation increased (P < 0.05) concentrations of unsaturated fatty acids in milk fat. The order of increase was SF > FS > CS. Feeding SF, FS and CS increased (P < 0.05) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) concentration in milk by 83.5, 39.2 and 16.5%, respectively. Concentration of linolenic acid in milk was only increased (P < 0.05) by feeding FS. Changes in milk fatty acid profiles were reflected in the cheese.
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized clinical trial; Background & Aims: This study was designed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on weight loss and metabolic status in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 60 overweight and obese patients with NAFLD. Patients were randomly allocated to consume either the control (n = 30) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 30) for 8 weeks. Both diets were designed to be calorie-restricted. Both diets were consisted of 52-55% carbohydrates, 16-18% proteins and 30% total fats; however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains. Results: Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, weight (P = 0.006), BMI (P = 0.01), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P = 0.02), alkalin phosphatase (ALP) (P = 0.001), insulin levels (P = 0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (P = 0.01) significantly decreased and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (P = 0.004) significantly increased. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet has resulted in significant reductions in serum triglycerides (P = 0.04) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0.01). Finally, decreased concentrations of serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (P = 0.03), malondialdehyde (MDA) (P = 0.04), increased levels of nitric oxide (NO) (P = 0.01) and glutathione (GSH) (P = 0.009) were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 weeks among patients with NAFLD had beneficial effects on weight, BMI, ALT, ALP, triglycerides, markers of insulin metabolism, inflammatory markers, GSH and MDA.
Typical breakfast food consumption and risk factors for cardiovascular disease in a large sample of Italian adults; Background and aims: The overall consumption of foods most frequently consumed in a typical Italian breakfast might be associated with a better cardiovascular risk profile in Italian adults. Method sand Results: 18,177 subjects (53,2% women), aged >= 35 yrs, randomly selected from the Moli-sani Project population were studied. The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) FFQ was used for dietary assessment. To derive breakfast pattern, an "a priori" approach was used: firstly, foods typical of the Italian breakfast were selected: milk, coffee, tea, yogurt, crispbread/rusks, breakfast cereals, brioche, biscuits, honey, sugar and jam. The breakfast score was obtained adding the amounts of all selected foods, expressed in grams/day, previously standardized to mean zero and standard deviation 1. Subjects showing a higher breakfast score appeared to be younger, more frequently women or smokers, with higher social status but less likely practicing physical activity. After multivariable analyses, subjects with a higher breakfast food consumption had a lower risk to have high body mass index, abdominal obesity, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, blood glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol (P < 0.0001 for all) and C Reactive Protein (P = 0.022). The associations were unrelated to age, sex, smoking, obesity, physical activity and social status. Subjects with a higher food breakfast score also showed a better physical healthy status score, a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (OR = 0.63; 0.55-0.72 95% CI) and of future CVD (P < 0.0001 for both women and men). Conclusion: Consumption of typical Italian breakfast foods positively affects CVD risk profile in an adult Italian population. (c) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
South African consumers' opinions and beliefs regarding the health benefits of soy and soy products; Studies linking diet and health and consumers' demand for health information, has led to an increasing awareness of the role of nutrition in health and disease. Interest in soy foods and an awareness of its health benefits has also increased. The objective was to assess South African (SA) consumers' opinions and beliefs regarding the health benefits of soy and soy products using different statements. This cross-sectional study randomly selected 3001 respondents from metropolitan and rural areas in South Africa. Data of 81% of respondents (n = 2437), who had heard of soy, were used. Trained fieldworkers administered questionnaires as face-to-face interviews. Fifteen statements probing consumers' opinions regarding the health benefits of soy were used. The data were weighted to be representative of the total South Africa adult population (n = 18 251 000) based on gender, age, living environment and race distribution in 2000. Effect sizes were used to determine the strength of associations (practical significance), since statistical significance could be attributed to the large study population. No practically significant differences between either gender or age groups, or between rural and metropolitan respondents' opinions were found. Most respondents in the total study population (50-75%), as well as within all race groups agreed that soy has many health benefits; soy is good for you; soy lowers cholesterol; soy is good for people with a milk allergy; soy helps keep your heart healthy; soy is good for diabetes and soy is good for growing children. Medium to large practically significant differences were found between racial groups regarding some of the statements. Practically significantly more adult Black consumers believed that soy is only for people with a low-income, and fewer that soy milk is good for people with a milk allergy than did White, Indian and Coloured consumers. Whites were relatively more positive towards the use of soy for people with a milk allergy opposed to Blacks, while Blacks were relatively more positive than Whites towards the statement that soy helps keep your bones strong. The results indicate that SA consumers held positive opinions and associate consumption of soy with several health benefits. The role of soy is seen more as being preventative than curative. It may represent a challenge to the food industry to design soy-containing products that appeal to a broader spectrum of consumers.
Hepatic fatty acids profile, oxidative stability and egg quality traits ameliorated by supplementation of alternative lipid sources and milk thistle meal; This study assessed the effects of different levels of milk thistle (Silybum marianum) meal (MTM) on egg quality traits, oxidative stability, blood biochemical parameters and liver health indices in laying hens receiving diets supplemented with lipid from different sources. For this purpose, Leghorn laying hens (Hy-Line W-36) were randomly assigned to 12 experimental treatments with eight replicates of five birds each. Dietary treatments consisted of four dietary fat sources (fish oil, sunflower oil, poultry oil and fat powder, each with different fatty acid profiles) and three levels of MTM (0.0, 15 and 30 g/kg) offered through 10 days of adaptation and 70 days of main recording. Results showed that dietary inclusion of polyunsaturated fatty acids, including fish or sunflower oils, reduced serum cholesterol content but increased blood malondialdehyde (MDA) concentration (p < 0.05). While fish oil improved the yolk colour index and Haugh unit (p < 0.05), it decreased yolk cholesterol concentration (p < 0.01). The highest hepatic glycogen content and tissue integrity as well as the lowest liver lipid percentage and MDA content were observed in birds fed diets supplemented with poultry oil. On the other hand, feeding 30 g/kg of MTM reduced not only hepatic lipid percentage but also aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) activities (p < 0.01), while it improved eggshell strength and thickness (p < 0.05). Supplementation of fat powder enhanced hepatic C16:0 content, while addition of poultry, sunflower or fish oil increased C18:1, C18:2 or C20:5 concentrations respectively (p < 0.01); nonetheless, feeding the highest level of MTM reduced hepatic sigma SFA but increased sigma n-3 fatty acids (p < 0.01). The interaction effects indicated that fish or sunflower oil supplementation increased the MTM level required to reduce not only serum or egg cholesterol concentrations (p < 0.05) but also blood or hepatic MDA content (p < 0.01). It was concluded that fish oil and MTM (30 g/kg) supplements might improve internal egg quality traits and eggshell quality respectively. The hepatic fatty acid profile was also found strongly correlated with dietary fatty acids. Finally, the best hepatic health indices and the highest oxidative stability were achieved when the birds were fed diets supplemented with poultry oil and 30 g/kg of MTM.
Effect of probiotic <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> Dad-13 powder consumption on the gut microbiota and intestinal health of overweight adults; BACKGROUND Shifting on lifestyle, diet, and physical activity contributed on increasing number of obese people around the world. Multiple factors influence the development of obesity. Some research suggested that gut microbiota (GM) plays an important role in nutrient absorption and energy regulation of individuals, thus affecting their nutritional status. Report of Indonesia Basic Health Research showed that the prevalence of obesity in every province tended to increase. Although the root cause of obesity is excessive calorie intake compared with expenditure, the differences in gut microbial ecology between healthy and obese humans may affect energy homeostasis. GM affect body weight, especially obesity. Probiotics that are consumed while alive and able to colonize in the intestine are expected to increase the population of good bacteria, especially Bifidobacteria and Lactobacilli, and suppress pathogens such as Enterobacteriaceae and Staphylococcus. The strain of L. plantarum Dad-13 has been demonstrated to survive and colonize in the gastrointestinal tract of healthy Indonesian adults who consume fermented milk containing L. plantarum Dad-13. The consumption of probiotic L. plantarum Dad-13 powder decreased E. coli and non-E. coli coliform bacteria in school-aged children in Indonesia. L. plantarum is a dominant bacterium in the average Indonesian's GM. For this reason, this bacterium is probably a more suitable probiotic for Indonesians. AIM To determine the effect of the consumption of indigenous probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum Dad-13 powder in overweight adults in Yogyakarta (Indonesia). METHODS Sixty overweight volunteers with a body mass index (BMI) equal to or greater than 25 consume indigenous probiotic powder L. plantarum Dad-13 (2 x 10(9) CFU/gram/sachet) for 90 d. The study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The volunteers filled in a diary on a daily basis, which consisted of questions on study product intake (only during ingestion period), other food intake, number of bowel movements, fecal quality (consistency and color), any medications received, and any symptom of discomfort, such as diarrhea, constipation, vomiting, gassing, sensation of illness, etc. Fecal samples and the subjects' diaries were collected on the morning of day 10 + 1, which was marked as the end of the baseline period and the start of the ingestion period. During the ingestion period (from day 11 to day 101), several parameters to measure and analyze the results included body weight and height (once a month), the lipid profile, GM analysis using MiSeq, short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) analysis using gas chromatography, and the measurement of fecal pH using a pH meter. RESULTS The consumption of indigenous probiotic powder L. plantarum Dad-13 caused the average body weight and BMI of the probiotic group to decrease from 84.54 +/- 17.64 kg to 83.14 +/- 14.71 kg and 33.10 +/- 6.15 kg/m(2) to 32.57 +/- 5.01 kg/m(2), respectively. No significant reduction of body weight and BMI in the placebo group was observed. An analysis of the microbiota showed that the number of Bacteroidetes, specifically Prevotella, increased significantly, while that of Firmicutes significantly decreased. No significant change in lipid profile in both groups was found. Also, no significant change in SCFAs (e.g., butyrate, propionate, acetic acid) and pH level was found after the consumption of the probiotic. CONCLUSION No significant differences in pH before and after ingestion were observed in both the probiotic and placebo groups as well as in the lipid profile of both cholesterol and triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and the LDL/HDL ratio. In addition, no significant changes in the concentration of SCFAs (e.g., acetic acid, propionate, and butyrate) were found after con-sumption. Interestingly, a significant decrease in body weight and BMI (P < 0.05) was determined in the treatment group. An analysis of GM shows that L. plantarum Dad-13 caused the Firmicutes population to decrease and the Bacteroidetes population (especially Prevotella) to increase.
Quantitative effects on cardiovascular risk factors and coronary heart disease risk of replacing partially hydrogenated vegetable oils with other fats and oils; Background/Objectives: Reduced consumption of trans-fatty acids (TFA) is desirable to lower coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. In practice, partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO) that contain both TFAs and other fatty acids are the unit of replacement and could be replaced with diverse alternative fats and oils. We performed quantitative estimates of CHD effects if a person's PHVO consumption were to be replaced with alternative fats and oils based on (1) randomized dietary trials and (2) prospective observational studies. Subjects/Methods: We performed meta-analyses of (1) the effects of TFAs on blood lipids and lipoproteins in controlled dietary trials and (2) associations of habitual TFA consumption with CHD outcomes in prospective cohort studies. On the basis of these results and corresponding findings for saturated fatty acids (SFA), cis-monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) and cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), we calculated the effects on CHD risk for replacing 7.5% of energy from three different PHVO formulations (containing 20, 35 or 45% TFAs) with butter, lard, palm or vegetable oils. Results: In controlled trials, each 1% energy replacement of TFAs with SFAs, MUFAs or PUFAs, respectively, decreased the total cholesterol (TC)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio by 0.31, 0.54 and 0.67; the apolipoprotein (Apo)-B/ApoAI ratio by 0.007, 0.010 and 0.011; and lipoprotein (Lp)(a) by 3.76, 1.39 and 1.11 mg/l (P<0.05 for each). We also included possible effects on C-reactive protein (CRP) of TFAs vs other fats from one trial. On the basis of these risk factor changes in controlled trials, CHD risk would be variably decreased by different fats and oils replacing 7.5% of energy from 20% TFA PHVO (CHD risk reduction: -2.7% (butter) to -9.9% (canola)); 35% TFA PHVO (-11.9% (butter) to -16.0% (canola)); or 45% TFA PHVO (-17.6% (butter) to -19.8% (canola)). In prospective cohort studies, each 2% energy replacement of TFAs with SFAs, MUFAs or PUFAs would lower CHD risk by 17% (95% confidence interval (CI) = 7-25%), 21% (95% CI = 12-30%) or 24% (95% CI = 15-33%), respectively. On the basis of these associations in observational studies, CHD risk would be variably decreased by different fats and oils replacing 7.5% of energy from 20% TFA PHVO (CHD risk reduction: +0.5% (butter) to -21.8% (soybean)); 35% TFA PHVO (-14.4% (butter) to -33.4% (soybean)); or 45% TFA PHVO (-22.4% (butter) to -39.6% (soybean)). The demonstrated effects on TC/HDL-C, ApoB/ApoAI, Lp(a), and CRP in randomized feeding trials together accounted for similar to 65-80% and similar to 50% of the estimated risk reduction for replacing PHVO with animal fats and vegetable oils, respectively, that would be calculated from prospective cohort studies. Conclusions: Effects on CHD risk of removing PHVO from a person's diet vary depending on the TFA content of the PHVO and the fatty acid composition of the replacement fat or oil, with direct implications for reformulation of individual food products. Accounting for the summed effects of TFAs on multiple CHD risk factors provides more accurate estimates of potential risk reduction than considering each risk factor in isolation, and approaches the estimated risk reduction derived from prospective cohort studies. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2009) 63, S22-S33; doi:10.1038/sj.ejcn.1602976
INFLUENCE OF LEVEL OF ENERGY AND NUTRIENT INTAKE BY MARES ON REPRODUCTIVE-PERFORMANCE AND ON BLOOD-SERUM COMPOSITION OF MARES AND FOALS; An experiment, conducted at Olds College involving 7 pregnant and 5 open half-Arabian (half sib) mares, had the primary objective of evaluating the adequacy of National Academy of Sciences-National Research Council (NAS-NRC 1973) nutrient requirements of horses as they applied to mares receiving minimal shelter under central Alberta [Canada] winter conditions. Mares were randomly assigned to 2 groups, the first receiving a diet formulated to meet NAS-NRC requirements and the second the same diet at a level of 85% of the former by weight. The dietary regimen was maintained from mid-gestation until 30 days post-partum. No significant (P < 0.05) differences were found for weight losses during pregnancy or for apparent digestibility of energy or N in mares, or for birth weight and 30 day weight of foals. Of the 12 blood serum constituents measured in both mares and foals, only 3 constituents varied significantly (P < 0.05) between groups. Blood urea N and cholesterol concentrations were higher for group 2 than for group 1 foals. Serum protein concentration was higher in group 1 than in group 2 mares. Colostrum and milk samples differed only in milk protein level which was higher (P < 0.05) for group 2 than for group 1 mares. During the phases of reproduction measured the the lower level of energy and nutrient intake (85% of NAS-NRC recommended requirements) did not apparently influence performance of pregnant mares and their foals.
Soy milk lowers blood pressure in men and women with mild to moderate essential hypertension; Soy-based diets reduce blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats, but apparently not in hypertensive humans. In the present study, the antihypertensive potential of soy milk (500 mL twice daily) compared with cow's milk was investigated in a 3-mo double-blind randomized study of 40 men and women with mild-to-moderate hypertension. Before initiation of the study, urinary isoflavonoids (measured by HPLC) were undetectable in most cases (for genistein, they were always < 100 mumol/L). After 3 mo of soy milk consumption, systolic blood pressure decreased by 18.4 +/- 10.7 mmHg compared with 1.4 +/- 7.2 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001), diastolic blood pressure decreased by 15.9 +/- 9.8 mmHg vs. 3.7 +/- 5.0 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001) and mean blood pressure decreased by 16.7 +/- 9.0 mmHg compared with 3.0 +/- 4.6 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001). Urinary genistein was strongly (r = -0.588) and significantly (P = 0.002) correlated with the decrease in blood pressure, particularly for diastolic values. In conclusion, chronic soy milk consumption had modest, but significant hypotensive action in essential hypertensive subjects. This hypotensive action was correlated with the urinary excretion of the isoflavonoid genistein.
Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Metabolic Status in Pregnant Women: a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: Limited data is available on the effects of multispecies probiotic supplementation on metabolic status in pregnant women in the first half of pregnancy. The current study was carried out to determine the effects of muttispecies probiotic capsule supplementation on metabolic status among pregnant women in the first half of pregnancy. Methods: A randomized clinical trial was conducted among 60 pregnant women aged 18-37 years. The participants were randomly divided into two groups: group A (n = 30) received multispecies probiotic supplements containing three probiotic bacteria spices Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus case!, Bifidobacterium bifidum (2 x 109 CFU/g each) and group B (n = 30) received placebo from 9 weeks of gestation for a duration of 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning of the study and after 12 weeks of intervention to determine metabolic profiles, inflammatory cytokines and biomarkers of oxidative stress. Results: After 12 weeks of intervention, compared to the placebo group, the pregnant women who consumed probiotic capsule had significantly decreased serum insulin concentrations (-1.5 4.8 vs. +1.3 5.2 plU/mL, P = 0.03), the homeostasis model of assessment estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-I R) (-0.3 0.9 vs. +0.3 1.1, P= 0.04), the homeostasis model of assessment -estimated b cell function (HOMA-B) (-7.2 23.1 vs. +5.3 22.6, P = 0.03) and increased quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (+0.01 0.05 vs. -0.01 0.02, P = 0.03). In addition, changes in serum triglycerides levels (-14.7 46.5 vs. +37.3 74.2 mg/dL, P = 0.002), high -sensitivity C -reactive protein (hs-CRP) (-1.0 2.6 vs. +1.7 4.3 mg/L, P = 0.004), plasma nitric oxide (NO) (+6.8 9.3 vs. -4.7 7.4 pmol/L, P < 0.001), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (+171.9 187.6 vs. -51.9 208.8 mmol/L, P < 0.001) and glutathione (GSH) concentrations (+34.3 71.6 vs. -36.9 108.3 pmol/L, P= 0.004) in supplemented women were significantly different from those of the placebo group. However, after controlling for baseline levels, age and BMI at the study baseline, the changes in plasma GSH were not significantly different between the groups. Conclusion: Overall, probiotic supplementation for 12 weeks among pregnant women in the first half of pregnancy had beneficial effects on markers of insulin metabolism, triglycerides, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress.
Beverage-Consumption Patterns and Associations with Metabolic Risk Factors among Low-Income Latinos with Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes; In the United States, Latinos experience disproportionately higher rates of type 2 diabetes and diabetes-related complications than non-Latino whites. Sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is strongly associated with increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Reducing caloric intake, particularly from energy-dense, low-nutrient foods or beverages, can be an effective and key strategy for metabolic and weight control. However, little is known about the contribution of various types of beverages, including but not limited to SSBs, to total caloric intake among Latinos with type 2 diabetes. Low-income Latinos (87.7% Puerto Rican) participating in a diabetes self-management intervention trial (N=238) provided cross-sectional, descriptive data on beverage-consumption patterns, anthropometric outcomes, and metabolic characteristics. Beverages accounted for one fifth of the total daily caloric intake. SSBs and milk beverages, respectively, contributed 9.6% of calories to overall daily caloric intake. Interventions directed at diabetes risk factors among low-income Latinos with diabetes can benefit from consideration of beverage-consumption behaviors as an important strategy to reduce caloric and sugar intake.
Follicular dynamics and production of oocytes in young Nellore heifers with energetic supplementation; To verify the effects of energy supplementation and fat on follicular dynamics, metabolic profile and the production of oocytes, 15 young heifers (Bos taurus indicus) with an average age of 14 months and with an initial weight of 256.35 kg were assigned to two treatments according to weight and follicular population as evaluated by ultrasonography: in T1 (1.0 x M), animals received 100% of the energy requirements for maintenance; in T2 (1.7 x M), animals received 170% of the energy requirements for maintenance, achieved by the addition of 200 g of Megalac (R). After a period of adaptation to the diet, the treatments, blood collection and follicular aspirations were started using a randomized design. The dry matter intake and weight gain were lower in the 1.0 x M group than in the 1.7 x M group. No differences were found in the plasma progesterone concentrations, albumin, glucose, urea or gonadotropin (FSH and LH) levels between the groups. The mean concentrations of cholesterol were higher in the 1.7 x M group. The total number of small (<4 mm) and medium follicles (4-8 mm) was not altered by the treatments, but the number of small follicles increased on days 1 and 2 of the estrous cycle, with higher values found in the 1.7 x M group. The average of the oocytes also increased (9.50 +/- 2.1 and 12.5 +/- 4.4 for the 1.0 x M and 1.7 x M groups, respectively). The rapid increase in the amount of energy offered in the diet changes the amount of follicles and oocytes available for follicular aspiration (OPU) in young heifers without changing their metabolic profile.
Milk production, milk composition, intake and digestibility of tropical forages under intermittent grazing system; The objective of the study was to compare chemical composition, in vitro dry matter digestibility (IVDMD), of leaves, stems and hand plucked samples, as well as milk yield and composition, body weight variation, body condition score and dry matter intake of three grasses. The treatments were: tanzania grass (Panicum maximum Jacq.), stargrass (Cynodon nlenfuensis Vanderyst) and marandu grass (Brachiaria brizantha Staf). All grasses were fertilized with 200 kg/ha. year N and K2O and 50 kg/ha. year of P2O5. Pastures were managed in a rotational grazing system with three-day paddock occupation and two grazing intervals: January and February with 24 days and March, April and May with 30 days. There were 24 cows, eight per treatment. A complete randomized block design was used. The stargrass leaves had 18.5% crude protein (CP) and 79.9% neutral detergent fiber (NDF) on the stems, respectively, which were higher than the other grasses. Stargrass also had higher NDF (72.8%) and lignin (7.1%) in hand plucked samples. The marandu in vitro dry matter digestibility (IVDMD) (64%) was higher than that of stargrass (59.4%). The treatments were different for milk yield and the mean (9.8) for tanzania and marandu grasses were higher than the 8.4 kg/cow. day for stargrass. Milk protein of cows managed on tanzania grass (2.9%) was higher than that of (2.8%) of stargrass. There was no treatment difference for milk fat, total solids, body condition, body weight and feed intake. Stargrass had higher NDF and lignin, however lower IVDMD and milk yield in relation to tanzania and marandu grasses.
Increased Leg Strength After Concurrent Aerobic and Resistance Exercise Training in Older Adults Is Augmented by a Whole Food-Based High Protein Diet Intervention; Most studies in older adults have utilized powdered protein supplements or oral nutrition solutions as a source of additional dietary protein, but whole foods may provide a greater anabolic stimulus than protein isolated from food matrices. Therefore, the present study investigated a concurrent aerobic and resistance exercise training program in older adults, in the absence or presence of a high protein whole food-based dietary intervention, for effects on strength, physical function, and body composition. Community-dwelling older adults (n = 56; M/F, 28/28; age, 69.3 +/- 4.0 years; BMI, 26.6 +/- 3.7 kg m(-2)) participated in a 12-week intervention after randomization to either nutrition only (NUTR; n = 16), exercise only (EX, n = 19), or nutrition plus exercise (NUTR + EX, n = 21) groups. NUTR and NUTR + EX followed a dietary intervention targeting an increase in protein-rich meals at breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Exercise training in EX and NUTR + EX consisted of 24 min sessions of concurrent aerobic and resistance exercise performed three times per week. Daily protein intake increased in NUTR and NUTR + EX, but not EX. The increase in 1RM leg press strength was greater (Interaction effect, P = 0.012) in NUTR + EX [29.6 (18.1, 41.0) kg] than increases observed in NUTR [11.1 (-1.3, 23.6) kg] and EX [12.3 (0.9, 23.8) kg]. The increase in 1RM chest press strength was greater (interaction effect, P = 0.031) in NUTR + EX [6.3 (4.0, 8.6) kg] than the increase observed in NUTR [2.9 (0.3, 5.5) kg], but not EX [6.3 (3.9, 8.7) kg]. Hand-grip strength and sit-to-stand performance were each improved in all three groups, with no differences observed between groups (interaction effect, P = 0.382 and P = 0.671, respectively). An increase in percentage body fat was observed in NUTR, but not in EX or NUTR + EX (interaction effect, P = 0.018). No between-group differences were observed for change in lean body mass (interaction effect, P = 0.402). Concurrent aerobic and resistance exercise training improves strength and physical function in older adults, but combining this training with an increase in daily protein intake through whole foods may be advantageous to increase lower limb strength.
Size at birth and adult fat mass in twin sheep are determined in early gestation; Size at birth is related to adult health outcomes. Twins are born smaller than singletons; this has been assumed to be secondary to limited nutrient supply in late gestation. We hypothesised that growth trajectory in twins, and the adult consequences of being conceived a twin, are determined in early gestation. Twin pregnancies in sheep were randomised to reduction of one twin on day 42 of a 148 day pregnancy by intra-thoracic KCl (Reductions, n = 46) or a sham procedure (Twins, n = 22). Singleton-bearing ewes also underwent a sham procedure (n = 27). Ewes lambed spontaneously. Linear measures of size at birth were similar in Twins and Reductions, and significantly less than in Singletons. Birthweight was lower in Twins and Reductions than in Singletons, and less in Twins than in Reductions (means (SEM): Singletons, liveborn n = 23: 6.59 (0.17) kg; Twins, liveborn n = 36: 5.23 (0.16) kg; Reductions, liveborn n = 27: 5.76 (0.15) kg; all comparisons P < 0.05). Reductions grew most rapidly between birth and weaning (Singletons, 20.0 (0.4) g kg(-1) day(-1); Twins, 20.0 (0.3) g kg(-1) day(-1); Reductions, 21.0 (0.3) g kg-1 day-1, P < 0.05) and were of similar weight as Singletons by weaning; Twins remained smaller by weaning but grewmost rapidly thereafter (Singletons, 1.6 (0.1) g kg(-1) day(-1); Twins, 2.1 (0.1) g kg(-1) day(-1); Reductions, 1.6 (0.1) g kg(-1) day(-1), P < 0.01), so that all groups had similar weight at 2 years. However, Twins and Reductions had greater percentage fat mass than Singletons at 2 years (Singletons, 11.1 (1.1)%; Twins, 14.8 (1.2)%; Reductions, 15.5 (1.1)%, P < 0.05). Thus, in twins, fetal growth trajectory, linear size at birth and adult fat mass are largely determined in early gestation. If this is also true in humans, there are important implications for interventions aimed at optimising fetal growth and pregnancy outcome.
Controlling energetic intake based on a novel logistic regression model for the metabolic syndrome in a Chinese population; The present study was designed to develop a novel method of energy calculation for controlling energetic intake in patients with the metabolic syndrome. Demographics and dietary data were recorded for 2582 obese subjects. Nutritional education was applied to all the patients. One year later, the data on age, sex, activity intensity coefficient, waistline, environmental temperature and BMI in subjects who lost >= 5% body weight were entered into a multivariate logistic regression analysis model. Energy requirement was calculated from the results of multivariate logistic regression. Four hundred and thirty-four metabolic syndrome patients were then randomly divided into the treated group (216) and the control group (218). The energetic intake in the experimental group was controlled based on the new energy requirement model. The traditional energy exchange method was used in the control group. The independent factors predicting metabolic syndrome prognosis, such as age, sex, activity intensity coefficient, waistline, environmental temperature and BMI, were identified by multivariate logistic regression analysis. The energy requirement model was then constructed by logistic regression analysis. After 6 months of energetic intake control based on the new model, the parameters of the experimental group were significantly different from those of the controls (all P<0.05): waistline, 89.65 (SD 5.54) v. 91.97 (SD 4.78) cm; BMI, 24.67 (SD 3.54) v. 25.87 (SD 2.65) kg/m(2); fasting blood glucose, 6.9 (SD 3.6) v. 8.7 (SD 4.6) mmol/l; 2 h PG, 8.7 (SD 5.7) v. 10.7 (SD 4.5) mmol/l; HbA(1)c, 7.7 (SD 1.6) v. 8.9 (SD 2.6) %; homoeostasis model insulin resistance index, 3.14 (SD 1.62) v. 4.32 (SD 2.25). The new energy requirement model can effectively improve the clinical outcomes of controlling energetic intake in metabolic syndrome patients.
The acute effects of different sources of dietary calcium on postprandial energy metabolism; Dairy Ca intake has been shown to be superior to elemental Ca in increasing the loss of body fat during energy restriction. We questioned whether the mechanisms involved an increase in postprandial energy expenditure, fat oxidation and/or a greater lipolysis. The acute effects of different sources of Ca were examined in eight subjects, aged 47-66 years and BMI 27 center dot 6-36 center dot 1 kg/m(2), in a three-way cross-over study. Subjects were randomly provided breakfast meals either low in dairy Ca and vitamin D (LD; control), high in non-dairy Ca (calcium citrate) but low in vitamin D (HC) or high in dairy Ca and vitamin D (HD). Diet-induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation rates (FOR), carbohydrate oxidation rates (COR), insulin, glucose, NEFA and glycerol were measured hourly over a 6 h postprandial period. Postprandial data were calculated as a change (Delta) from the fasting value. Results showed that Delta NEFA was significantly different between meals (LD -1 center dot 50 (sem 0 center dot 26), HC -1 center dot 22 (sem 0 center dot 32), HD -0 center dot 94 (sem 0 center dot 27) mmol/lx6 h; P=0 center dot 035), with a lesser suppression following both high-Ca meals. Delta FOR was significantly higher following the two high-Ca meals (LD -6 center dot 5 (sem 2 center dot 2), HC 2 center dot 93 (sem 2 center dot 34), HD 3 center dot 3 (sem 2 center dot 5) gx6 h; P=0 center dot 005), while reciprocally Delta COR was significantly lower. Delta Glycerol was less suppressed following the high-Ca meals but statistical significance was not achieved. No differences in diet-induced thermogenesis, insulin or glucose were observed. Regardless of source, Ca intake acutely stimulated postprandial fat oxidation; and there was a lesser suppression of NEFA following these meals.
A randomized controlled clinical trial investigating the effect of DASH diet on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes; Objective: To our knowledge, no reports are available indicating the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study was designed to investigate the effects of the DASH diet on insulin resistance, serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and biomarkers of oxidative stress among pregnant women with GDM. Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was performed with 32 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM at 24 to 28 wk gestation. Participants were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 16) or DASH diet (n = 16) for 4 wk. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and was low in saturated fats, total fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/d of sodium. The control diet contained 40% to 55% of its energy as carbohydrates, 10% to 20% as proteins, and 25% to 30% as total fats. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 wk of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum insulin, and hs-CRP, Homeostasis Model of Assessment-Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and total glutathione levels (GSH). Results: Consumption of the DASH diet compared with the control diet resulted in decreased FPG (-7.62 versus 3.68 mg/dL; P = 0.02), serum insulin levels (-2.62 versus 4.32 mu IU/mL, P = 0.03), and HOMA-IR score (-0.8 versus 1.1; P = 0.03). Increased concentrations of plasma TAC (45.2 versus -159.2 mmol/L; P < 0.0001) and GSH (108.1 versus -150.9 mu mol/L; P < 0.0001) also were seen in the DASH group compared with control group. We failed to find a significant difference in mean changes of serum hs-CRP levels between the two diets. Within-group comparisons revealed significant reductions in plasma TAC and GSH levels in the control diet, while a significant increase in these biomarkers in the DASH diet. Conclusion: Consumption of the DASH diet in pregnant women with GDM had beneficial effects on FPG, serum insulin levels, HOMA-IR score, plasma TAC, and total GSH levels. The effects of this dietary pattern on pregnancy outcomes need to be investigated in future studies. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diet and Dyslipidemias in a Lithuanian Rural Population Aged 25-64: the CINDI Survey; The aim of the study was to evaluate the dietary intake of a Lithuanian rural population and to assess the relationship between diet and dyslipidemias. Material and Methods. A cross-sectional health survey was carried out in 5 municipalities of Lithuania in 2007. The random sample was obtained from lists of 25- to 64-year-old inhabitants registered at primary health care centers (n=1739). The food frequency questionnaire and 24-hour recall was used for the evaluation of nutrition habits. The levels of serum lipids were determined using enzymatic methods. Factor analysis was employed in order to reduce the number of food items. The scores of food factors were used in linear regression analysis of associations between nutrition and serum lipid levels. Results. The diet of the study population was very high in fat, especially in saturated fatty acids. The content of cholesterol in the diet of men was higher than recommended. The main sources of fat and protein were meat, milk, and their products. Cereals were the main source of carbohydrates. The major proportion of monosaccharide and disaccharides was derived from confectionary and fruits. The mean serum total cholesterol level was 5.60 mmol/L in men and 5.51 mmol/L in women. Conclusions. Healthier food patterns were associated with the lower levels of total, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglyceride.
Investigation of the Protective Effect of Kefir against Isoproterenol Induced Myocardial Infarction in Rats; This study aims to investigate the protective effects of kefir against myocardial infarction induced by isoproterenol (ISO). The rats were randomly divided into 4 groups, each group consisting of 8 rats. The control group, the kefir group (5 mL/kg/d kefir administered to rats as intra-gastric gavage for 60 d), the ISO group (100 mg/kg ISO was administered to rats, s.c. on 61. and 62. d), and kefir+ISO group (5 mL/kg/d kefir was administered to rats intra gastric gavage for 60 days prior to ISO, 100 mg/kg in two doses on day 61 and 62). 12 h after the last ISO dose, all rats were decapitated and their blood samples were collected. Cardiac tissue was reserved for histopathological examination. creatine kinase (CK), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), triglycerides, total cholesterol,very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL) and glucose were measured by autoanalyzer, whole blood malondialdehyde (MDA), glutathione (GSH) and plasma advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) levels were measured spectrophotometrically. It was determined that in the group of kefir+ISO, the levels of AST (p<0.001), CK (p<0.001), LDH (p<0.001), MDA (p<0.001) and AOPP (p<0.001) were decreased, while the GSH (p<0.05) increased, compared to ISO group. There were no significant changes in lipid profile and glucose levels between these two groups. In conclusion, by examining cardiac enzymes and histopathological changes in cardiac tissue, it can be concluded that the administration of kefir in myocardial infarction induced by ISO can protect the heart with its antioxidant characteristic and minimize the toxic damage created by ISO.
Gender differences in food and nutrient intakes and status indices from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of People Aged 65 Years and Over; Objectives: To determine the patterns and possible explanations for gender differences in food choices, nutrient intakes and status indices, especially for micronutrients, in a representative sample of older people living in Britain, who participated in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over during 1994-95. Design: The Sun ey procedures included a health-and-lifestyle interview, a four-day weighed diet record, anthropometric measurements and a fasting blood sample for biochemical indices. Setting: Eighty randomly-selected postcode sectors from mainland Britain. Subjects: Of 1556 older people not living in institutions who were interview, 80% agreed to provide a complete four-day diet record and 63% agreed to give a blood sample for status index measurements. Interventions: None. Main result: The most highly significant gender differences in food choices were that women ate more butter, full-fat milli and certain beverages, cakes, apples, pears and bananas, whereas men ate more eggs, sugar, certain meat products and drank more alcoholic drinks, especially beer and lager. When adjusted for energy intakes, the younger women (65-79 y) had higher intakes than the younger men, of fat, retinol, vitamin C and calcium. The older women (80 + y) had higher intakes than older men, of fat and vitamin E, but lower intakes of protein, zinc and alpha-carotene. The younger women had better status indices than the younger men: for alpha- and beta-carotenes, beta-cryptoxanthin and vitamin C. Women had higher plasma concentrations of cholesterol and HDL cholesterol, phosphate and copper, but lower indices of iron and vitamin D status, than men, These gender differences in status were not altered by inclusion of the corresponding nutrient intakes in the model. Conclusions: There are gender differences in food choices, in energy and nutrient intakes and in nutritional blood status indices in older British people, especially those aged 65-79 y. Some of the status differences are attenuated in the age group of 80 y and older, whereas others are enhanced. The relationships between the quantity and type of foods or nutrients consumed, and nutrient status, are complex. With respect to suspected risk and protective factors for vascular disease, women aged 65-79 y had significantly better status for plasma alpha-and beta-carotene, ascorbate, HDL-cholesterol and homocysteine; but, in contrast. they had lower blood haemoglobin concentrations and higher concentrations of total and non-HDL-cholesterol.
EFFECTS OF CALCIUM SOAPS OF FATTY-ACIDS ON POSTPARTUM REPRODUCTIVE FUNCTION IN BEEF-COWS; Twelve multiparous Simmental cows (584 kg) were used to determine the influence of calcium soaps of fatty acids (CSFA) incorporated in a range supplement on postpartum reproductive characteristics.  Cows were assigned randomly to receive a control [C; containing grain sorghum (GS) and soybean meal (SBM)] or CSFA-based (containing Megalac(R) [a source of CSFA], GS, and SBM) supplement.  Supplements plus prairie hay were individually fed.  Diets were isonitrogenous and met the NE(m) requirement for heavy-milking beef cows in early lactation.  Supplement feeding and daily blood collection began at parturition.  Calves were removed permanently from cows at 25 +/- 2 d postpartum.  Duration of first postpartum estrous cycles was determined by both visual observations and changes in concentrations of progesterone in serum.  Concentrations of LH in serum (15-min intervals for 6 h) were determined 12 h before and 48 and 96 h after calf removal.  Concentrations of progesterone and estradiol-17-beta in serum were determined daily.  Cows receiving CSFA had higher (P = .06) mean concentrations of LH than those receiving C (1.47 vs 1.12 +/- .13 ng/ml).  Concentrations of estradiol-17-beta were lower (P < .02) and serum progesterone were higher (P < .02) between d 6 and 8 of the induced cycle in CSFA-fed cows.  Plasma cholesterol was greater (P < .01) in cows fed CSFA although plasma triglyceride concentrations were similar between treatments.  Feeding CSFA enhanced (P < .05) growth of ovarian follicles into larger class sizes based on transrectal ultrasonography during the 5-d period before calf removal.  Increased plasma cholesterol in cows fed CSFA was accompanied by decreased serum estradiol, enhanced follicle growth, increased LH, and greater progesterone during the luteal phase of the first postpartum estrous cycle.
Blood-pressure-lowering effect of a novel fermented milk containing γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in mild hypertensives; Objective: To study the effect of a new fermented milk product containing GABA (FMG) on the blood pressure (BP) of patients with mild hypertension. Design: A randomized, placebo-controlled, single-blind trial. Setting: The study was carried out at the outpatient clinic of the Cardiovascular Disease Center, Tokyo Metropolitan Police Hospital, Japan. Subjects: The study population comprised 39 mildly hypertensive patients (16 women and 23 men) aged 28 - 81 y (mean, 54.2 y). Interventions: The study consisted of a 12-week period of daily intake of FMG or placebo (weeks 1 - 12) followed by 2 weeks of no intake (weeks 13 and 14). We measured the peripheral BP and heart rate of seated patients at weeks 0, 2, 4, 8, 12 and 14. Routine blood study and urinalysis were performed before and after the intake. Results: There was a significant decrease of BP within 2 or 4 weeks, and it remained decreased throughout the 12-week intake period. For the FMG recipients, the mean decrease after 12 weeks was 17.4 +/- 14.3 mmHg in the systolic BP (SBP) and 7.2 +/- 5.7 mmHg in the diastolic BP (DBP). Both of these values differed statistically from baseline levels (P < 0.01), and the SBP of the FMG group differed from the placebo group (P < 0.05). Heart rate, body weight, hematological and blood chemistry variables, and urinalysis results (glucosuria and proteinuria) did not vary both groups throughout the study. Conclusion: FMG may contribute to lowering BP in mildly hypertensive people.
The effect of a combination of plant sterol-enriched foods in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background & aims: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of low-fat products enriched with plant sterols in addition to a National Cholesterol Education Program step 1 diet on serum lipids and lipoproteins. Methods: This study was a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled cross-over design with a run-in period and 2 intervention periods, each lasting 4 weeks. A total of 46 mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects (age 50.6+/-9.8) completed the trial. The study products consisted of 20g low-fat margarine (35% fat) and 250 ml low-fat milk (0.7% fat), in total delivering 2.3 g plant sterols/d. Results: Serum total, and tow-density lipoprotein cholesterol. were significantly reduced by 5.5% (p<0.001, 95% CI: 2.5; 8.3) and 7.7% (p = 0.001, 95% CI: 3.4; 11.9), respectively, by plant sterol-enriched products compared to placebo. Serum apolipoprotein B was significantly reduced by 4.6% (p<0.05, 95% CI: 1.7; 7.5), and apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A-I by 3.4% (p<0.05, 95% CI: 0.1; 6.6) after plant sterol intake compared to the placebo supplement. Conclusions: A combination of tow-fat margarine and milk enriched with plant sterols significantly reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B and the ratio of apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A-I in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects, but had no effect on C-reactive protein and lipoprotein (a) concentrations. Sponsorship: Unilever Denmark A/S. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
