Investigation of the effect of high dairy diet on body mass index and body fat in overweight and obese children.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether an increase in dairy food consumption improves the changes in BMI and adiposity in children on an energy restricted diet., METHODS: Overweight and obese children (n = 120, age: 12-18 y, BMI: 27-40 kg/m2) were randomized to receive a calorie restricted diet providing a 500 kcal/d deficit from total energy expenditure and two (n = 40), three (n = 40) or four (n = 40) servings of dairy products/day. Anthropometric measurements in addition to serum hs-CRP and lipid profile were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks., RESULTS: Among the 96 children who completed the study, significant reductions in overall BMI, BMI z-score, weight, total body fat percentage and total body fat mass were observed (p < 0.001) but these reductions were not significantly affected by increasing dairy intake (p > 0.05). Overall waist/hip ratio, Serum vitamin D and lipid profile did not change significantly (p > 0.05) apart from a significant increase in HDL-cholesterol (p < 0.001) which was independent of dairy intake (p > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Increased intake of dairy products does not lead to an augmented change in BMI, weight and body fat in overweight and obese children beyond what is achieved by calorie restriction.
Effect of kefir on the quality of life of patients being treated for colorectal cancer.; PURPOSE/OBJECTIVES: To determine kefir's effect on the prevention of gastrointestinal complaints and quality of life (QOL) in patients being treated for colorectal cancer., DESIGN: Randomized, controlled, prospective, interventional study., SETTING: Istanbul University Oncology Institute in Turkey., SAMPLE: 40 patients, 20 of whom were randomized to the experimental (kefir) arm and 20 who were randomized to the control arm., METHODS: Informed consent to participate in the study was obtained. Before treatment began, demographics, illness-related characteristics, complaints, and QOL of participants were evaluated. During treatment, side effects were evaluated one week after every cycle of therapy. QOL was evaluated after the third and sixth cycles of treatment., MAIN RESEARCH VARIABLES: The effect of kefir on the prevention of gastrointestinal complaints and QOL in patients being treated for colorectal cancer., FINDINGS: Following chemotherapy, the experimental (kefir) group had more treatment-related gastrointestinal complaints but a decrease in sleep disturbance. No difference was found between the two groups for QOL., CONCLUSIONS: Kefir does not prevent or decrease gastrointestinal complaints in patients undergoing chemotherapy for colorectal cancer. Kefir did decrease sleep disturbances in the experimental group., IMPLICATIONS FOR NURSING: Many patients use complementary and alternative medicine during cancer therapy. This study may provide information about the effectiveness of kefir in patients with cancer.
Clinical outcomes in peritoneal dialysis: impact of continuous quality provement initiatives.; The Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative guidelines for peritoneal dialysis (PD) emphasize the need for quality improvement interventions to improve outcomes in PD. Here, we report 17 years experience of initiatives focused on lowering peritonitis rates in a single PD program. This institutional review board-approved retrospective analysis used a PD registry containing prospectively collected data on patient demographics, initial Charlson comorbidity index (CCI), peritonitis, and clinical outcomes, including reasons for transfer to hemodialysis. Periods were analyzed based on quality initiatives: 1990 - 1991, baseline; 1992 - 1995, randomized controlled trial of exit-site infection prophylaxis comparing mupirocin cream applied daily to the exit site with oral cyclical (every 12 weeks) rifampin; 1996 - 1999, compact assist device introduced for spiking on the cycler; 2000 - 2004, randomized controlled trial comparing daily gentamicin cream with mupirocin as exit-site prophylaxis; and 2005 - 2007, gentamicin prophylaxis implemented as routine care (2005) and retraining of all patients (2006). Infection rates and technique failure rates in each period were compared with baseline rates using incident rate ratio analysis. A total of 382 PD patients were evaluated [median age: 50 years (range: 18 - 90 years); 54% women; 19% African American; 36% with diabetes; median CCI: 5 (range: 2 - 14)]. The peritonitis rate declined from 0.5 episodes per year at risk in 1990 - 1991 to 0.25 episodes per year at risk in 2005 - 2007 (p < 0.004). The exit-site infection rate declined from 0.72 episodes per year at risk to 0.1 episodes per year at risk over the same period (p < 0.0001). The percentage of patients transferring to hemodialysis did not change significantly over time (overall 14%, varying from 12% to 17% annually), nor did the mortality rate, which varied from 115 per 1000 years to 171 per 1000 years. We conclude that quality improvement initiatives can reduce infection rates in PD patients.
Do food provisions packaged in single-servings reduce energy intake at breakfast during a brief behavioral weight-loss intervention?.; Larger portion sizes increase energy intake, yet it is unclear whether single-serving packages can reduce intake. This study examined the effects of providing breakfast foods in single-serving packages and nonportioned packages on energy intake of these foods during an 8-week behavioral weight-loss program. In fall 2005, 19 adults (mean body mass index [calculated as kg/m(2)]=31.8+/-4.0) were randomized to conditions that provided foods in single-serving packages (Single-Serving) or in nonportioned packages (Standard). Overall amounts and types of foods provided were consistent across conditions: cereal and peaches (weeks 1, 3, 5, and 7) and applesauce and cheese (weeks 2, 4, 6, and 8). Participants were instructed to eat one serving of each food for breakfast and not to consume the provided foods at other times. Mean daily energy intake of the provided foods was the primary dependent variable. The Single-Serving group ate less energy from the combined pairs of foods provided together as compared to Standard (cereal and peaches, 117.0+/-3.2 kcal/day vs 143.5+/-39.3 kcal/day; P<0.05 and applesauce and cheese, 174.2+/-13.5 kcal/day vs 199.0+/-29.4 kcal/day; P<0.05). This effect was a result of less energy consumed from cereal and applesauce in Single-Serving compared to Standard conditions (cereal, 80.2+/-2.9 kcal/day vs 106.3+/-22.9 kcal/day; P<0.01 and applesauce, 44.5+/-0.6 kcal/day vs 59.3+/-5.0 kcal/day; P<0.01), with no differences in energy consumption for peaches and cheese (P>0.10). This suggests that single-serving packages may help reduce energy intake at breakfast within the context of a behavioral weight-control program.
Added soluble fiber enhances the satiating power of low-energy-density liquid yogurts.; BACKGROUND: Low-energy-density foods with high satiating power may be useful tools for weight management. Energy density of yogurts can range from 0.4 to 1.8 kcal/g., OBJECTIVE: To test the effects of added inulin, a soluble fiber, on the satiating properties of low-energy-density and high-energy-density yogurt beverages (16 oz or 472 mL)., DESIGN: The study followed a within-subject preload design with repeated measures. Each participant completed six conditions, presented in a counterbalanced order., SUBJECTS: Participants were 18 men and 20 women, aged 18 to 35 years., INTERVENTION: The experimental conditions were two high-energy-density yogurt beverages (440 kcal; 0.9 kcal/g) and two low-energy-density yogurt beverages (180 kcal; 0.4 kcal/g) with or without inulin (6 g) and an equal volume of orange juice (180 kcal). A no beverage control condition was used as well., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Repeated ratings of hunger, fullness, and desire to eat and energy consumption at the lunch meal served 120 minutes post-ingestion were the main measures., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Repeated measures analyses of variance were used to analyze motivational ratings and energy and nutrient intakes at the test meal., RESULTS: Yogurt beverages and liquid orange juice significantly suppressed appetite and promoted satiety relatively to the no beverage condition. Yogurt beverages had greater satiating power than did orange juice, as evidenced by higher satiety ratings and reduced energy intakes at lunch. The satiating power of low-energy-density yogurt with inulin was comparable to that of high-energy-density yogurt., CONCLUSIONS: Energy presented in liquid form can have satiating power. Added fiber can potentiate the satiating properties of low-energy-density liquid yogurts. Adding fiber to low-energy-density foods may be an effective way to suppress appetite and control food intake.
The effect of Bifidobacterium lactis on the growth of infants: a pooled analysis of randomized controlled studies.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Breast milk is the best source of nutrition for the growth of the newborn infant. It is therefore essential that mothers who cannot breastfeed or choose not to are provided with alternatives that closely match the composition and functionality of breast milk. This study aimed to investigate the growth effects of probiotic-supplemented formulas on both healthy and vulnerable populations of infants., METHODS: A meta-analysis of data from 5 randomized controlled clinical trials that included infants fed formulas containing a probiotic Bifidobacterium lactis CNCM I-3446 was performed (n = 525). A sub-analysis was performed among infants of HIV-positive mothers (n = 120). Growth measurements (gain in weight and body mass index, BMI, from enrollment to 120 days) were compared between infants fed a formula containing B. lactis and those fed a control formula. Changes in length and Z-scores were also compared., RESULTS: Formula with B.lactis was demonstrated to be at least as good as formula without B. lactis in the meta-analysis of 5 studies. The lower boundary of the 95% confidence interval (CI) of the differences in mean weight gain (95% CI 0.09-2.93 g/day) was above the predefined non-inferiority margin of -3.0 g/day. Moreover, among infants with HIV-positive mothers, weight gain of those taking B. lactis was significantly higher than of those not taking B. lactis, by 3.1 g/day (95% CI 0.4-5.8 g/day, p = 0.0226) and the BMI gains were significantly higher, by 6.4 g/m(2)/day (95% CI 0.0.3-12.5 g/m(2)/day, p = 0.0400). The corresponding weight for age and BMI Z-scores were also significantly higher, by 0.37 (95% CI 0.03-0.71, p = 0.0308) and by 0.42 (95% CI 0.02-0.83, p = 0.0377), respectively, whereas differences in length gain or length-for-age Z-score were not significant. Among infants in the non-HIV mothers group, there were no significant differences between infants fed formulas with or without B. lactis, for any of the growth parameters., CONCLUSIONS: The analysis suggests that B. lactis may have a positive effect on growth in vulnerable populations, specifically in infants born to mothers with HIV. Copyright (c) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Low and moderate-fat plant sterol fortified soymilk in modulation of plasma lipids and cholesterol kinetics in subjects with normal to high cholesterol concentrations: report on two randomized crossover studies.; BACKGROUND: Although consumption of various plant sterol (PS)-enriched beverages is effective in lowering plasma cholesterol, the lipid-lowering potential of PS in a soymilk format has not been investigated thoroughly. Therefore, to evaluate the efficacy of PS-enriched soy beverages on plasma lipids and cholesterol kinetics, we conducted two separate 28 d dietary controlled cross-over studies. In study 1, the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a low-fat (2 g/serving) PS enriched soy beverage was examined in 33 normal cholesterolemic subjects in comparison with 1% dairy milk. In study 2, we investigated the efficacy of a moderate-fat (3.5 g/serving) PS-enriched soy beverage on plasma cholesterol concentrations and cholesterol kinetic responses in 23 hypercholesterolemic subjects compared with 1% dairy milk. Both the low and moderate-fat PS-enriched soymilk varieties provided 1.95 g PS/d. Endpoint plasma variables were analyzed by repeated-measures ANOVA using baseline values as covariates for plasma lipid measurements., RESULTS: In comparison with the 1% dairy milk control, the low-fat soy beverage reduced (P < 0.05) total and LDL-cholesterol by 10 and 13%, respectively. Consumption of the moderate-fat PS-enriched soy beverage reduced (P < 0.05) plasma total and LDL-cholesterol by 12 and 15% respectively. Fasting triglycerides were reduced by 9.4% following consumption of the moderate-fat soy beverage in comparison with the 1% dairy milk. Both low and moderate-fat PS-enriched soy varieties reduced (P < 0.05) LDL:HDL and TC:HDL ratios compared with the 1% dairy milk control. Consumption of the moderate-fat PS-enriched soymilk reduced (P < 0.05) cholesterol absorption by 27%, but did not alter cholesterol synthesis in comparison with 1% dairy milk., CONCLUSION: We conclude that, compared to 1% dairy milk, consumption of low and moderate-fat PS-enriched soy beverages represents an effective dietary strategy to reduce circulating lipid concentrations in normal to hypercholesterolemic individuals by reducing intestinal cholesterol absorption. TRIAL REGISTRATION (CLINICALTRIALS.GOV): NCT00923403 (Study 1), NCT00924391 (Study 2).
A whey protein supplement decreases post-prandial glycemia.; BACKGROUND: Incidence of diabetes, obesity and insulin resistance are associated with high glycemic load diets. Identifying food components that decrease post-prandial glycemia may be beneficial for developing low glycemic foods and supplements. This study explores the glycemic impact of adding escalating doses of a glycemic index lowering peptide fraction (GILP) from whey to a glucose drink., METHODS: Ten healthy subjects (3M, 7F, 44.4 +/- 9.3 years, BMI 33.6 +/- 4.8 kg/m2) participated in an acute randomised controlled study. Zero, 5, 10 and 20 g of protein from GILP were added to a 50 g glucose drink. The control (0 g of GILP) meal was repeated 2 times. Capillary blood samples were taken fasting (0 min) and at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 minutes after the start of the meal and analyzed for blood glucose concentration., RESULTS: Increasing doses of GILP decreased the incremental areas under the curve in a dose dependant manner (Pearson's r = 0.48, p = 0.002). The incremental areas (iAUC) under the glucose curve for the 0, 5, 10, and 20 g of protein from GILP were 231 +/- 23, 212 +/- 23, 196 +/- 23, and 138 +/- 13 mmol.min/L respectively. The iAUC of the 20 g GILP was significantly different from control, 5 g GILP and 10 g GILP (p < 0.001). Average reduction in the glucose iAUC was 4.6 +/- 1.4 mmol.min/L per gram of ingested GILP., CONCLUSION: Addition of GILP to a oral glucose bolus reduces blood glucose iAUC in a dose dependent manner and averages 4.6 +/- 1.4 mmol.min/L per gram of GILP. These data are consistent with previous research on the effect of protein on the glycemic response of a meal.
Beneficial role of green plantain [Musa paradisiaca] in the management of persistent diarrhea: a prospective randomized trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the beneficial effects of green plantain-based diet on stool volume, frequency and weight gain as compared with a traditional yogurt-based diet in children with persistent diarrhea., METHODS: In a prospective, in-hospital controlled trial, two different treatments were administered to a sample of 80 children of both sexes, with ages ranging from 1 to 28 months, who had experienced >or= 14 days of persistent diarrhea. The sample was divided into two groups of isocaloric (100 kcal/kg/d) diets: experimental and control, of 40 patients each. The experimental group was randomly given a-week treatment consisting of a 50 g/L of cooked green plantain-based diet. The control group was fed on a yogurt-based diet., RESULTS: Both groups were not statistically different at admission. Pathogens were isolated from stools in 21.2% and 25% of patients in the experimental and control groups respectively; Aeromonas hydrophilia and Shigela flexneri were the most frequently found bacteria. The experimental group fed on a green plantain diet had a significantly better response in: diminishing stool output and consistency (p < 0.002), stool weight, diarrhea duration (p < 0.001), and increasing daily body weight gain (p < 0.001) than the yogurt-based diet group. The average duration of diarrhea in the plantain-based diet group was 18 hours shorter (p < 0.005) and it also had lower cost (p < 0.005)., CONCLUSION: Our results support the benefits of green plantain in the dietary management of persistent diarrhea in hospitalized children, in relation to diarrheal duration, weight gain and costs.
Effects of dairy products on intracellular calcium and blood pressure in adults with essential hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of dairy foods has been associated with lower blood pressure in certain populations., OBJECTIVE: This study examined the effects of dairy foods on blood pressure (BP) and intracellular calcium ((Ca)(i)) and the dependence of BP changes on changes in (Ca)(i)., DESIGN: Twenty-three stage 1 hypertensive adults were fed the following 3 experimental diets (5 wk each) in a randomized cross-over design study; a dairy-rich, high fruits and vegetables diet (D-FandV; 30% fat, 7% saturated fat (SFA), 3.4 servings/d dairy), a high fruits and vegetables diet (FandV; 30% fat, 7% SFA, 0.4 servings/d dairy), and an average Western diet (control; 36% fat, 15% SFA, 0.4 servings/d dairy). Systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) BP, calcium regulatory hormones, and erythrocyte (Ca)(i) were determined., RESULTS: SBP and DBP were significantly reduced by approximately 2 mm Hg following both D-F&V and F&V diets vs. the control (P < 0.05). The D-F&V diet significantly lowered 1,25-dihydroxyvitaminD compared with the F&V and control diets (P < 0.01). Serum calcium, parathyroid hormone, calcitonin, and renin activity were unchanged. The D-F&V diet lowered (Ca)(i) vs. the other two diets (P < 0.01), and this change correlated with the fall in DBP (r = 0.52, P < 0.05). Subjects who responded to the D-F&V diet by significantly reducing (Ca)(i) exhibited significantly greater net decreases in DBP on the D-F&V vs. the F&V (-2.8 +/- 1.0 mm Hg) and control diets (-5.4 +/-1.0 mm Hg; diet x group interaction, P < 0.02)., CONCLUSION: Consumption of dairy foods beneficially affects (Ca)(i), resulting in improved BP in a subgroup defined by (Ca)(i) response.
Effect of fermented milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium longum on plasma lipids of women with normal or moderately elevated cholesterol.; This study aimed to evaluate the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus acidophilus 145 and Bifidobacterium longum BB536 on plasma lipids in a sample of adult women. A double-blind, placebo controlled, cross-over study (two periods of four weeks each separated by a 1-week washout period) was performed in 34 women, aged between 18 and 65 years. Group A consumed 125 g fermented milk three times a day for the first 4 weeks while group B consumed regular yoghurt under the same conditions. (Groups A and B switched products for the second treatment period). Women taking the test product with a baseline total cholesterol above 190 mg/dl showed a significant reduction in LDL cholesterol. HDL cholesterol was also reduced by the test product. We conclude that the fermented milk may help to reduce LDL levels in hypercholesterolemic adult women.
Effect of cocoa powder on the modulation of inflammatory biomarkers in patients at high risk of cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies have suggested that flavonoid intake plays a critical role in the prevention of coronary heart disease. Because atherosclerosis is considered a low-grade inflammatory disease, some feeding trials have analyzed the effects of cocoa (an important source of flavonoids) on inflammatory biomarkers, but the results have been controversial., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate the effects of chronic cocoa consumption on cellular and serum biomarkers related to atherosclerosis in high-risk patients., DESIGN: Forty-two high-risk volunteers (19 men and 23 women; mean +/- SD age: 69.7 +/- 11.5 y) were included in a randomized crossover feeding trial. All subjects received 40 g cocoa powder with 500 mL skim milk/d (C+M) or only 500 mL skim milk/d (M) for 4 wk. Before and after each intervention period, cellular and serum inflammatory biomarkers related to atherosclerosis were evaluated., RESULTS: Adherence to the dietary protocol was excellent. No significant changes in the expression of adhesion molecules on T lymphocyte surfaces were found between the C+M and M groups. However, in monocytes, the expression of VLA-4, CD40, and CD36 was significantly lower (P = 0.005, 0.028, and 0.001, respectively) after C+M intake than after M intake. In addition, serum concentrations of the soluble endothelium-derived adhesion molecules P-selectin and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 were significantly lower (both P = 0.007) after C+M intake than after M intake., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the intake of cocoa polyphenols may modulate inflammatory mediators in patients at high risk of cardiovascular disease. These antiinflammatory effects may contribute to the overall benefits of cocoa consumption against atherosclerosis. This trial was registered in the Current Controlled Trials at London, International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number, at controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN75176807.
Short-term effects of replacing milk with cola beverages on insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-glucose metabolism: a 10 d interventional study in young men.; In the Western world, a trend towards increased consumption of carbonated soft drinks combined with a decreasing intake of milk is observed. This may affect circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and fasting insulin, as seen in pre-pubertal children. The present study was designed to reflect the trend of replacing milk with carbonated beverages in young men and to study the effects of this replacement on IGF-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), IGF-I:IGFBP-3 and glucose-insulin metabolism. A randomised, controlled crossover intervention study, in which eleven men aged 22-29 years were given a low-Ca diet in two 10 d periods with 10 d washout in between. In one period, they drank 2.5 litres of Coca Cola(R) per day and the other period 2.5 litres of semi-skimmed milk. Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 (RIA), insulin (fluoro immunoassay) and glucose (Cobas) were determined at baseline and end point of each intervention period. Insulin resistance and beta-cell function were calculated with the homeostasis model assessment. A decrease in serum IGF-I was observed in the cola period compared with the milk period (P < 0.05). No effects of treatment were observed on IGFBP-3, IGF-I:IGFBP-3, insulin, glucose, insulin resistance or beta-cell function. The present study demonstrates that high intake of cola over a 10 d period decreases total IGF-I compared with a high intake of milk, with no effect on glucose-insulin metabolism in adult men. It is unknown whether this is a transient phenomenon or whether it has long-term consequences.
Milk consumption and circulating insulin-like growth factor-I level: a systematic literature review.; Studies suggest that the circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) level is positively associated with the prostate cancer risk. The association of milk consumption and circulating IGF-I level has been examined in epidemiological studies with inconsistent results. We conducted a systematic literature review to summarize and quantify the current evidence for milk or dairy product consumption and the circulating IGF-I level. We searched relevant papers published in English up to March 2009 in various databases. Fifteen cross-sectional studies and eight randomized controlled trials were finally identified. Ten cross-sectional studies showed statistically positive correlation between milk consumption and the circulating IGF-I level. Randomized controlled trials indicated that the circulating IGF-I level was significantly higher in the milk intervention group. After meta-analysis, the weighted mean difference of the circulating IGF-I level was 13.8 ng/ml (95% confidence interval: 6.1-21.5 ng/ml) comparing the intervention group with the control group. The current evidence suggests that milk consumption may increase the circulating IGF-I level.
Double-blind placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of pro-juven progesterone cream on atherosclerosis and bone density.; OBJECTIVE: To establish whether treatment for three years with pro-juven progesterone cream affects progression of atherosclerotic plaques or bone density in postmenopausal women. Design Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial. Sample One hundred and thirty-one healthy postmenopausal women aged between 50 and 75 years with at least one asymptomatic arterial plaque visible on ultrasound of the carotid or femoral bifurcation., METHODS: Women were randomly allocated to receive pro-juven progesterone cream, 20 mg twice daily, or placebo, for three years. Main outcome measure Rate of change of plaque thickness, intima-media thickness and bone density of lumbar spine and femoral neck., RESULTS: There was no difference between the groups., CONCLUSION: Pro-juven progesterone cream 20 mg twice daily did not affect progression of asymptomatic atherosclerosis or deterioration in bone density over three years.
Dairy products and metabolic effects in overweight men and women: results from a 6-mo intervention study.; BACKGROUND: Some epidemiologic studies have suggested inverse relations between intake of dairy products and components of the metabolic syndrome., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the effects of an increased intake of dairy products in persons with a habitually low intake on body composition and factors related to the metabolic syndrome., DESIGN: Middle-aged overweight subjects (n = 121) with traits of the metabolic syndrome were recruited in Finland, Norway, and Sweden and randomly assigned into milk or control groups. The milk group was instructed to consume 3-5 portions of dairy products daily. The control group maintained their habitual diet. Clinical investigations were conducted on admission and after 6 mo., RESULTS: There were no significant differences between changes in body weight or body composition, blood pressure, markers of inflammation, endothelial function, adiponectin, or oxidative stress in the milk and the control groups. There was a modest unfavorable increase in serum cholesterol concentrations in the milk group (P = 0.043). Among participants with a low calcium intake at baseline (<700 mg/d), there was a significant treatment effect for waist circumference (P = 0.003) and sagittal abdominal diameter (P = 0.034). When the sexes were analyzed separately, leptin increased (P = 0.045) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 decreased (P = 0.001) in women in the milk group., CONCLUSIONS: This study gives no clear support to the hypothesis that a moderately increased intake of dairy products beneficially affects aspects of the metabolic syndrome. The apparently positive effects on waist circumference and sagittal abdominal diameter in subjects with a low calcium intake suggest a possible threshold in relation to effects on body composition.
Cytokine response to dietary rehabilitation with curd (Indian dahi) & leaf protein concentrate in malnourished children.; BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVE: Protein energy malnutrition (PEM), an important cause of secondary immune deficiency, is associated with several abnormalities in the immune system including cytokine production. In the present study cytokine levels (both pro- and anti-inflammatory) were evaluated in protein energy malnourished children following nutritional rehabilitation with curd (Indian dahi) and leaf protein concentrate (LPC)., METHODS: Eighty moderately and severely malnourished children, 1-5 yr of age, received the WHO recommended diet for severe malnutrition, modified according to local dietary habits, containing in addition either curd or micronutrient-rich leaf protein concentrate, for a period of 15 days. Cytokine levels [tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha), interferon gamma (IFNgamma), interleukin-10 (IL-10), interleukin-4 (IL-4)] were measured before and after dietary rehabilitation., RESULTS: The baseline cytokine levels (TNFalpha, IFNgamma, IL-10 and IL-4) were high in malnourished children. Both the diets caused an increase in serum pro-inflammatory (TNFalpha, IFNgamma), and anti-inflammatory (IL-10) cytokine levels after nutritional rehabilitation. The increase in IL-10 was significant in children receiving curd. There was an insignificant fall in IL-4 levels with both the diets. The cytokine response was comparable in children with moderate and severe malnutrition, as also in children < 2 yr to those between 2-5 yr., INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSION: The study suggests that cytokines (TNFalpha, IFNgamma, IL-10 and IL-4) may serve as biological markers to assess the effect of functional foods like curd or LPC on immunity in malnutrition. Curd may help to maintain the balance in cytokine production by increasing the production of IL-10, and may be considered in place of milk in the nutritional rehabilitation of malnourished children.
Tolerability of high-dose topical tretinoin: the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention Trial.; BACKGROUND: Topical tretinoin is a medication commonly used for acne that has potential application in the long-term treatment of photodamaged skin. However, there are few published data regarding the tolerability of high-dose tretinoin with long-term use., OBJECTIVES: To assess the long-term tolerability of tretinoin 0.1% cream., METHODS: A randomized, multicentre, double-blind, controlled trial for chemoprevention of keratinocyte carcinomas (i.e. basal cell or squamous cell carcinomas) using topical tretinoin cream to the face and ears was conducted. All participants were veterans and had a history of two or more keratinocyte carcinomas over the previous 5 years. Participants were examined (by a study dermatologist) and interviewed every 6 months (for up to 5.5 years to May 2004). Treatment comprised tretinoin 0.1% cream or vehicle control cream once daily, then twice daily as tolerated. Participants were instructed to step down application frequency to once daily or less if twice daily was not tolerated. The main outcome measures were reported side-effects, frequency of cream application and attendance at study visits. Appropriate data were available for four of the six clinical sites of this trial., RESULTS: Data from 736 randomized participants (mean age 71 years; 97% men) from four clinical sites were analysed. The tretinoin group more commonly reported one or more side-effects at the 6-month follow-up than the control group (61% vs. 42%, P < 0.0001). Side-effects decreased over time in both groups, but to a greater extent in the tretinoin group, and the difference became nonsignificant at 30 months. Burning was the most common side-effect (39% tretinoin vs. 17% control, P < 0.0001). There was no difference in severity of side-effects among those affected. Of the participants who reported burning in either group, most reported mild burning; only 11% of those with burning in the tretinoin group reported it as severe (mild 62% tretinoin vs. 70% placebo; severe 11% vs. 5%; P = 0.4). Itching (24% vs. 16%, P = 0.01) and other local cutaneous reactions (12% vs. 6%, P = 0.01) were also more commonly reported by the tretinoin group at 6 months. There was no difference in numbness (2% vs. 2%, P = 0.9). Participants in the tretinoin group were less likely to apply cream twice daily at 6 months (29% vs. 43%, P = 0.0002). This difference persisted over the entire duration of follow-up. There was little difference between groups in attendance at study visits or completion of telephone interviews (92% vs. 95%, P = 0.06). No unexpected adverse events were reported., CONCLUSIONS: Overall, the tolerability level of topical tretinoin was high in this study population, with almost 40% of the tretinoin group reporting no side-effects, and the majority (67%) tolerating at least once-daily dosing at 6-month follow-up. High-dose topical tretinoin is feasible for long-term use in this population.
Effect of fat emulsion (Fabuless) on orocecal transit time in healthy men.; BACKGROUND: Given the growing prevalence of overweight and related health consequences, there is increased interest in the search for novel dietary strategies for weight control. A food ingredient, an emulsion based on palm and oat oil (Fabuless, previously known as Olibra), has been associated with short-term reductions of food intake, induction of satiety, alternation in the satiety hormones, as well as long-term effects on weight control. The mechanism by which it can exert these effects is so far unclear, though it has been suggested that the "ileal break" may play a role in increasing gastrointestinal transit time. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of this stable fat emulsion on orocecal transit time in healthy men., MATERIAL AND METHODS: In a controlled, double-blind, cross-over-designed study, 15 healthy men (aged 20-59 years, body mass index (BMI) 22-28), randomly allocated to two treatments, consumed the stable fat emulsion or a milk fat in yoghurt during two days of investigation, with an interval of 1 week. Orocecal transit time was determined by following blood sulfapyridine levels, which is a metabolite of salazopyrine in the colon., RESULTS: A statistically significant delay in the appearance of sulfapyridine in serum was obtained after active treatment versus control treatment, corresponding to a 45-min longer orocecal transit time due to fat emulsion consumption., CONCLUSIONS: This study provides the first evidence to suggest that this stable fat emulsion may affect the ileal brake mechanism by slowing down the gastrointestinal transit time, which might explain the weight control and appetite suppression previously observed in association with this emulsion.
Standard versus pH-adjusted and lidocaine supplemented radiocolloid for patients undergoing sentinel-lymph-node mapping and biopsy for early breast cancer (PASSION-P trial): a double-blind, randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Sentinel-lymph-node (SLN) mapping and biopsy maintains staging accuracy in early breast cancer and identifies patients for selective lymphadenectomy. SLN mapping requires injection of technetium-99m-sulfur colloid-an effective but sometimes painful method, for which better pain-management strategies are needed. In this randomised, double-blind trial, we compared degree of pain between standard radiocolloid injection and pH-adjusted and lidocaine-supplemented formulations for patients undergoing SLN mapping for breast cancer., METHODS: Between Jan 13, 2006, and April 30, 2009, 140 patients with early breast cancer were randomly assigned in a 1:1:1:1 fashion to receive the standard topical 4% lidocaine cream and injection of [(99m)Tc]Tc-sulfur colloid (n=35), or to one of three other study groups: topical placebo cream and injection of Tc-sulfur colloid containing either sodium bicarbonate (n=35), 1% lidocaine (n=35), or sodium bicarbonate and 1% lidocaine (n=35). The randomisation sequence was computer generated, and all patients and investigators were masked to treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was patient-reported breast pain immediately after radioisotope injection, using the Wong-Baker FACES pain rating scale and McGill pain questionnaire, analysed in the per-protocol population. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00940199., FINDINGS: 19 of the 140 patients enrolled were excluded from analysis: nine declined study participation or sought care elsewhere, nine did not undergo SLN mapping because of disease extent or a technical problem, and one had unreliable data. There were no adverse events. Mean pain scores on the Wong-Baker scale (0-10) were: 6.0 (SD 2.6) for those who received standard of practice, 4.7 (3.0) for those who received radiocolloid plus bicarbonate, 1.6 (1.4) for those who received radiocolloid plus 1% lidocaine, and 1.6 (1.3) for those who received radiocolloid plus bicarbonate and 1% lidocaine (p<0.0001). Mean pain rating, according to the McGill questionnaire (0-78), was 17.5 (SD 11.8) for the standard-of-care group, 15.4 (14.4) for the sodium bicarbonate group, 4.6 (4.5) for the 1% lidocaine group, and 3.4 (5.1) for the sodium bicarbonate plus 1% lidocaine group (p<0.0001). SLN identification rates for each group were: 96% for the standard of care, 97% for sodium bicarbonate, 90% for 1% lidocaine, and 90% for sodium bicarbonate plus 1% lidocaine group (p=0.56)., INTERPRETATION: For centres that use radiocolloid injections for SLN mapping in patients with early breast cancer, the addition of 1% lidocaine to the radioisotope solution can improve patient comfort, without compromising SLN identification., FUNDING: US Military Cancer Institute, the Clinical Breast Care Project, and the Army Regional Anesthesia and Pain Management Initiative.
Acute ingestion of a novel whey-derived peptide improves vascular endothelial responses in healthy individuals: a randomized, placebo controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Whey protein is a potential source of bioactive peptides. Based on findings from in vitro experiments indicating a novel whey derived peptide (NOP-47) increased endothelial nitric oxide synthesis, we tested its effects on vascular function in humans., METHODS: A randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover study design was used. Healthy men (n = 10) and women (n = 10) (25 +/- 5 y, BMI = 24.3 +/- 2.3 kg/m2) participated in two vascular testing days each preceded by 2 wk of supplementation with a single dose of 5 g/day of a novel whey-derived peptide (NOP-47) or placebo. There was a 2 wk washout period between trials. After 2 wk of supplementation, vascular function in the forearm and circulating oxidative stress and inflammatory related biomarkers were measured serially for 2 h after ingestion of 5 g of NOP-47 or placebo. Macrovascular and microvascular function were assessed using brachial artery flow mediated dilation (FMD) and venous occlusion strain gauge plethysmography., RESULTS: Baseline peak FMD was not different for Placebo (7.7%) and NOP-47 (7.8%). Placebo had no effect on FMD at 30, 60, and 90 min post-ingestion (7.5%, 7.2%, and 7.6%, respectively) whereas NOP-47 significantly improved FMD responses at these respective postprandial time points compared to baseline (8.9%, 9.9%, and 9.0%; P < 0.0001 for time x trial interaction). Baseline reactive hyperemia forearm blood flow was not different for placebo (27.2 +/- 7.2%/min) and NOP-47 (27.3 +/- 7.6%/min). Hyperemia blood flow measured 120 min post-ingestion (27.2 +/- 7.8%/min) was unaffected by placebo whereas NOP-47 significantly increased hyperemia compared to baseline (29.9 +/- 7.8%/min; P = 0.008 for time x trial interaction). Plasma myeloperoxidase was increased transiently by both NOP-47 and placebo, but there were no changes in markers inflammation. Plasma total nitrites/nitrates significantly decreased over the 2 hr post-ingestion period and were lower at 120 min after placebo (-25%) compared to NOP-47 (-18%)., CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that supplementation with a novel whey-derived peptide in healthy individuals improves vascular function.
Soy protein reduces serum LDL cholesterol and the LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A-I ratios in adults with type 2 diabetes.; Type 2 diabetes is highly prevalent in North America and is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Evidence supports a role for soy protein in the reduction of serum lipids related to CVD risk; however, few studies have focused on adults with type 2 diabetes who are not on lipid-lowering medications and/or do not have diabetic complications. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein isolate (SPI) consumption on serum lipids in adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes. Using a double-blind, randomized, crossover, placebo-controlled intervention study design, adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes (n = 29) consumed SPI (80 mg/d aglycone isoflavones) or milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57 d each separated by a 28-d washout period. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected on d 54-56 of each treatment for analysis of isoflavones and blood was collected on d 1 and 57 of each treatment and analyzed for serum lipids and apolipoproteins. SPI consumption increased urinary isoflavones compared with MPI. SPI consumption reduced serum LDL cholesterol (P = 0.04), LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol (P = 0.02), and apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A-I (P = 0.05) compared with MPI. SPI did not affect serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B, or apolipoprotein A-I. These data demonstrate that consumption of soy protein can modulate some serum lipids in a direction beneficial for CVD risk in adults with type 2 diabetes.
The role of dairy foods and dietary calcium in weight management.; Overweight and obesity are the foremost public health problems in the U.S., other industrialized countries, and is rapidly increasing in developing countries. Obesity is a multifaceted disease which requires multiple approaches to successfully combat its increase. Nutritional factors play a key role and include modification of energy balance, intake and expenditure, as well as other factors. Emerging scientific evidence over the past decade suggests that dairy foods may be beneficial when included in a moderate energy restricted diet and possibly for weight maintenance as well. This paper provides a review of some of the scientific evidence that has examined the effect of dairy foods and dietary calcium on weight management. Topic areas presented are observational or retrospective studies with adults as well as children and adolescents; randomized clinical trials on body weight and composition, energy expenditure, substrate oxidation and fecal fat loss; research from animal and in vitro studies provide possible mechanisms of action.
Milk products, dietary patterns and blood pressure management.; High blood pressure (BP) is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, congestive heart failure, and kidney disease. Inverse associations between dairy product consumption and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) have been observed in cross-sectional studies; some studies, however, have reported an inverse association with only one BP parameter, predominantly SBP. Randomized clinical trials examining the effect of calcium and the combination of calcium, potassium and magnesium provide evidence for causality. In these studies, reductions in BP were generally modest (-1.27 to -4.6 mmHg for SBP, and -0.24 to -3.8 mmHg for DBP). Dairy nutrients, most notably calcium, potassium and magnesium, have been shown to have a blood pressure lowering effect. A low calcium intake increases intracellular calcium concentrations which increases 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) and parathyroid hormone (PTH), causing calcium influx into vascular smooth muscle cells, resulting in greater vascular resistance. New research indicates that dairy peptides may act as angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, thereby inhibiting the renin angiotensin system with consequent vasodilation. A growing evidence base shows that dairy product consumption is involved in the regulation of BP. Consequently, inclusion of dairy products in a heart healthy diet is an important focal point to attain BP benefits.
Effect of dosing frequency on the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream for treatment of actinic keratosis on the forearms and hands: a phase II, randomized placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Clinical studies in cutaneous conditions other than actinic keratosis (AK) have revealed that the safety and efficacy profile of imiquimod is influenced by dosing frequency., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate dosing frequency response of imiquimod 5% for treatment of AK., METHODS: This was a phase II, multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Adults with > or = 10 but  or = 75% lesion reduction) in 0%, 22.6%, 24.1%, 20.0% and 36.7% of subjects for the placebo and imiquimod 2, 3, 5 or 7 times per week regimens, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod 5% applied more frequently than 3 times per week to AKs was not well tolerated. Complete clearance rates were low; however, partial clearance rates increased with increased dosing frequency (P = 0.002).
Randomized controlled trial of feeding a concentrated formula to infants born to women infected by human immunodeficiency virus.; OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that concentrated formula (CF) begun within the first 2 weeks of life increases growth in infants born to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected mothers., MATERIALS AND METHODS: HIV-exposed infants from the United States, the Bahamas, and Brazil were randomized in a double-blind, controlled trial to receive either a CF (87 kcal/100 mL [26 kcal/oz]) or a standard formula (SF; 67 kcal/100 mL [20 kcal/oz]) for 8 weeks. This article presents results for infants who were not determined to be HIV infected based on testing at 4 weeks. Primary outcomes were safety, tolerability, and growth in weight and length., RESULTS: Two thousand ninety-seven infants were enrolled, of whom 1998 were uninfected and had study formula dispensed. At weeks 4 and 8, uninfected infants receiving CF showed higher energy intake than those who were receiving SF (P < 0.001). By week 8, uninfected infants assigned to CF weighed more than infants receiving SF. There were no consistent differences in measures of tolerability, and rates of discontinuation or perceived formula intolerance were similar between treatment groups., CONCLUSIONS: A CF is well tolerated and results in increased weight gain compared with SF. Until the HIV status of an infant is reliably determined, early introduction of a CF in HIV-exposed children may have beneficial effects on growth. The role of early nutritional intervention remains to be determined for individuals living in countries with endemic malnutrition for whom formula feeding is a viable option.
Can topical calcipotriol be a treatment alternative in actinic keratoses? A preliminary report.; BACKGROUND: Recent research demonstrated that vitamin D, apart from calcium-related actions, has antiproliferative, prodifferentia-tive and immunomodulatory activities., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether actinic keratoses may benefit from the antiproliferative and prodifferentiative effects of topical vitamin D., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study was an investigator-blinded, half-side comparison trial. Patients applied calcipotriol cream to one side and Ultrabase cream as placebo to the other side of the scalp and/or face for 12 weeks. The total number of actinic keratoses (AKs), diameters and total scores of the target lesions were determined at each visit., RESULTS: Nine patients were included, eight of whom completed the treatment. There was a statistically significant difference between the total number of AKs at baseline and at week 12 on calcipotriol applied side whereas no difference was detected on placebo applied side (p = 0.028 vs p = 1.00). The mean total score of the target lesions reduced significantly at week 12 on calcipotriol side; however, no significant reduction was found on placebo side (p = 0.017 vs p = 0.056). Although side effects were more common on calcipotriol side, the difference was not statistically significant., CONCLUSION: Topical calcipotriol may show promise in the treatment of actinic keratoses. More studies are needed to confirm its efficacy.
Infant feeding and later obesity risk.; Some 30 years ago, Gunter Dorner proposed that exposure to hormones, metabolites and neurotransmitters during limited, sensitive periods of early development exert programming effects on disease risk in human adults. Early programming of long term health has since received broad scientific support and attention. For example, evidence increases for programming effects of infant feeding choices on later obesity risk. Meta-analyses of observational studies indicate that breast feeding reduces the odds ratio for obesity at school age by about 20%, relative to formula feeding, even after adjustment for biological and sociodemographic confounding variables. We hypothesized that breast feeding protects against later obesity by reducing the likelihood of high weight gain in infancy, and that this protection is caused at least partly by the lower protein supply with breast milk relative to standard infant formulae (the "Early Protein Hypothesis"). These hypotheses are tested in the European Childhood Obesity Project, a randomized double blind intervention trial in more than 1,000 infants in five European countries (Belgium, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain). Formula fed infants were randomized to receive during the first year of life infant formulae and follow-on-formulae with higher or lower protein contents. Follow-up at 2 years of age shows that lower protein supply with formula normalizes early growth relative to a breast fed reference group and to the WHO growth reference. These results demonstrate that modification of infant feeding practice has an important potential for long-term health promotion and should prompt a review of the recommendations and policies for infant formula composition.
[Meta-analysis of the relationship between dairy product consumption and gastric cancer].; OBJECTIVE: To clarify the effect of milk consumption on gastric cancer in China., METHODS: China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) and other Chinese databases were searched for randomized controlled trials reporting the relationship between dairy products consumption and gastric carcinoma patients from January 1985 to June 2008. Manual searching was also performed. Gastric carcinoma, dietary, milk or diary product were using as key words. A Meta-analysis method was applied to estimate the combined odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) between dairy product consumption and gastric cancer., RESULTS: Eight case-control studies published between 1985 and 2008 were selected for Meta-analysis. The cumulative cases and controls were 1684 and 5410, respectively. Fixed-effect model was used because of homogeneity among these studies. The overall pooled OR estimate was 0.57 (95% CI = 0.46 - 0.71), suggesting a negative association between dairy product consumption and gastric cancer., CONCLUSION: This Meta-analysis supports the hypothesis that dairy product consumption might decrease the risk of gastric cancer.
Effect of calcium from dairy and dietary supplements on faecal fat excretion: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; Observational studies have found that dietary calcium intake is inversely related to body weight and body fat mass. One explanatory mechanism is that dietary calcium increases faecal fat excretion. To examine the effect of calcium from dietary supplements or dairy products on quantitative faecal fat excretion, we performed a systematic review with meta-analysis. We included randomized, controlled trials of calcium (supplements or dairy) in healthy subjects, where faecal fat excretion was measured. Meta-analyses used random-effects models with changes in faecal fat excreted expressed as standardized mean differences, as the studies assessed the same outcome but measured in different ways. An increased calcium intake resulted in increased excretion of faecal fat by a standardized mean difference of 0.99 (95% confidence intervals: 0.63-1.34; P < 0.0001; expected to correspond to approximately 2g day(-1)) with moderate heterogeneity (I(2) = 49.5%) indicating some inconsistency in trial outcomes. However, the dairy trials showed homogeneous outcomes (I(2)=0%) indicating consistency among these trials. We estimated that increasing the dairy calcium intake by 1241 mg day(-1) resulted in an increase in faecal fat of 5.2 (1.6-8.8) g day(-1). In conclusion, dietary calcium has the potential to increase faecal fat excretion to an extent that could be relevant for prevention of weight (re-)gain. Long-term studies are required to establish its potential contribution.
The effect of low-fat versus whole-fat dairy product intake on blood pressure and weight in young normotensive adults.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic and experimental studies suggest that higher intake of dairy products could be associated with lower risk of hypertension and obesity. Differences in nutrient composition of distinct dairy products suggest that their effect on these outcomes might be heterogeneous. However, little experimental research has examined the potentially different effects of low- and whole-fat dairy products on blood pressure (BP) and weight change. The present study aimed to assess whether supplementing diets with low- or whole-fat dairy products would differentially affect BP levels and weight., METHODS: A randomised crossover trial in 45 normotensive volunteers (18-24 years old, 49% female) was conducted. Participants alternatively received 3.5 servings/day of whole-fat or low-fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) in addition to their usual diet during two 8-week periods, with a 4-week washout period between both interventions. Weight and BP were measured at the beginning and end of each intervention., RESULTS: Whole-fat dairy supplementation significantly increased systolic BP [2.1 mmHg, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.1-4.0, P = 0.04] and weight (1.0 kg, 95% CI = 0.5-1.5, P = 0.0002), but not diastolic BP (P = 0.34). Weight and BP did not change significantly after the low-fat dairy intervention (P > 0.10). There were no significant differences in the effect of low-fat or whole-fat dairy products on BP (P > 0.60), but whole-fat dairy increased weight significantly compared to low-fat dairy (1.2 kg, 95% CI = 0.5-1.8, P = 0.0007)., CONCLUSIONS: In a young nonhypertensive population, dietary supplementation with whole-fat dairy products, compared to low-fat dairy, was associated with weight gain. No differential effects were observed for levels of BP.
Persistent organochlorine and organobromine compounds in mother's milk from Sweden 1996-2006: compound-specific temporal trends.; High body burdens of persistent halogenated organic pollutants (POPs) among pregnant and nursing women are of concern because of exposure of the growing foetus and breast-feeding infant. We examined the temporal trends of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDDs) and dibenzofurans (PCDFs), polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and hexabromocyclododecane (HBCD) in milk samples from Swedish women. POPs were analysed in individual mother's milk samples from randomly recruited primiparas (N=335) who lived in Uppsala County and delivered between 1996 and 2006. Results were adjusted for life-style factors that are associated with POP body burdens. PCB levels declined 3.9-8.6% per year. The levels of PCDDs decreased faster (6-9% per year) than the levels of PCDFs (3-6% per year). Temporal trends of PBDEs did not follow any consistent pattern. Concentrations of BDE-47 and BDE-99 decreased, while the concentrations of BDE-153 increased. No change in BDE-100 concentrations was observed. In most samples, concentrations of HBCD were below the quantification limit (<0.20 ng/g lipid). Generally, adjustment of the temporal trends of PCBs and PCDD/Fs for personal characteristics of the mothers (age, body mass index (BMI), weight changes during and after pregnancy) resulted in faster declining rates, with age having the greatest influence. The age of the participating mothers increased during the study period, and since the POP levels increased with increasing age, this counteracted the decreasing temporal trends in the unadjusted model. It is consequently important to include personal characteristics in the analysis of temporal trends of POPs. Compound-specific temporal trends are probably caused by differences in sources of exposure, as well as by differences in persistence between compounds.
Dairy and industrial sources of trans fat do not impair peripheral insulin sensitivity in overweight women.; BACKGROUND: The 2 major dietary sources of trans fatty acids (TFAs) are partially hydrogenated oils and ruminant-derived products. Epidemiologic data suggest that chronic consumption of industrial sources of TFAs could be damaging to insulin sensitivity, but intervention studies on this issue have remained inconclusive., OBJECTIVE: The trial was designed to compare the effects of dairy compared with industrial sources of TFAs on insulin sensitivity in overweight women., DESIGN: Sixty-three healthy women with abdominal obesity [waist circumference >88 cm and a body mass index (in kg/m(2)) >28] were recruited. After a run-in period, the volunteers were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 four-week diets: 60 g low-TFA lipids/d (0.54 g/d; n = 21), ruminant TFA-rich lipids (4.86 g/d; n = 21), or industrial TFA-rich lipids (5.58 g/d; n = 21). Changes in peripheral insulin sensitivity were assessed by using hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps., RESULTS: After the intervention period, fasting glycemia and insulinemia and insulin sensitivity were not significantly modified in either group (P > 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that consumption of dairy- and industrial-source TFAs for 4 wk at nutritional levels do not impair peripheral insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant women. Our study may not preassess the effects of TFAs in normal insulin-sensitive individuals. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT00617435.
Skim milk compared with a fruit drink acutely reduces appetite and energy intake in overweight men and women.; BACKGROUND: Several studies show that proteins, including whey and casein, are more satiating than carbohydrates. It follows that skim milk would be more satiating than sugar-rich beverages. However, this has yet to be shown., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the effects of drinking skim milk in comparison with a fruit drink at breakfast on self-reported postmeal satiety and energy intake at lunch., DESIGN: In a randomized crossover trial, 34 overweight women (n = 21) and men (n = 13) attended 2 sessions 1 wk apart. At each session, participants consumed a fixed-energy breakfast together with either 600 mL skim milk (25 g protein, 36 g lactose, <1 g fat; 1062 kJ) or 600 mL fruit drink (<1 g protein, 63 g sugar, <1 g fat; approximately 1062 kJ). Participants provided satiety ratings throughout the morning. Four hours after breakfast they consumed an ad libitum lunch, and energy intake was assessed., RESULTS: Participants consumed significantly less energy at lunch after consuming skim milk (mean: 2432 kJ; 95% CI: 2160, 2704 kJ) than after consuming the fruit drink (mean: 2658 kJ; 95% CI: 2386, 2930 kJ), with a mean difference of approximately 8.5% (P < 0.05). In addition, self-reports of satiety were higher throughout the morning after consumption of skim milk than after consumption of the fruit drink (P < 0.05) with the differences becoming larger over the 4 h (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Consumption of skim milk, in comparison with a fruit drink, leads to increased perceptions of satiety and to decreased energy intake at a subsequent meal. This trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry at (www.anzctr.org.au) as ACTRN12608000510347.
Intraindividual, right-left comparison of topical 5-aminolevulinic acid photodynamic therapy vs. 5% imiquimod cream for actinic keratoses on the upper extremities.; BACKGROUND: Actinic keratoses (AKs) are considered as in situ squamous cell carcinoma. Early and effective treatment is important. Objective To compare the efficacy, cosmetic outcome and patient preference of 5-aminolevulinic acid photodynamic therapy (ALA-PDT) with that of 5% imiquimod (IMIQ) cream in patients with AKs on the dorsa of hands and forearms., METHODS: Subjects received two ALA-PDT treatment sessions and one or two courses of imiquimod (three times per week for 4 weeks each). Treatments were randomly allocated to alternate upper extremities. Assessments included lesion response one and six months after treatment, cosmetic outcome evaluated by the investigators and patients' preference 6 months after treatment. Efficacy end point included the individual AK lesion clearance rate., RESULTS: Thirty patients with 256 lesions were included in the study. At the first follow-up, treatment with ALA-PDT resulted in significantly larger rate of cured lesions relative to 5% IMIQ cream (70.16% vs. 18.26%). At the second follow-up both treatments showed a high rate of cured lesions (65.32% for PDT vs. 55.65% for IMIQ cream). Response rates obtained in grade I lesions were higher for both treatments (71.64% for PDT vs. 72.13% for IMIQ), while treatment with PDT resulted in a significant larger rate of cured grade II lesions (57.89% for PDT vs. 37.03 for IMIQ). Difference in cosmetic outcome was not statistically significant. Results for subject preference favoured ALA-PDT., CONCLUSIONS: Our study shows that ALA-PDT and 5% IMIQ cream are both attractive treatment options for upper extremities AKs with comparable efficacy and cosmetic outcomes.
Camel milk as an adjuvant therapy for the treatment of type 1 diabetes: verification of a traditional ethnomedical practice.; There is a traditional belief in the Middle East that regular consumption of camel milk may aid in prevention and control of diabetes. The aim of this work was to evaluate the efficacy of camel milk as an adjuvant therapy in young type 1 diabetics. This 16-week randomized study enrolled 54 type 1 diabetic patients (average age 20 years) selected from those attending the outpatient diabetes clinic of the Menofia University Hospital, affiliated with Egypt's National Cancer Institute. Subjects were randomly divided into two groups of 27 patients: one received usual management (diet, exercise, and insulin), whereas the other received 500 mL of camel milk daily in addition to standard management. A control group of 10 healthy subjects was also assessed. The following parameters were evaluated at baseline and at 4 and 16 weeks: hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), human C-peptide, lipid profile, serum insulin, anti-insulin antibodies, creatinine clearance, albumin in 24-hour urine, body mass index, and Diabetes Quality of Life score. The following parameters were significantly different between the usual-management group versus the camel milk group after 16 weeks: fasting blood sugar (227.2 +/- 17.7 vs. 98.9 +/- 16.2 mg/dL), HbA1c (9.59 +/- 2.05[%] vs. 7.16 +/- 1.84[%]), serum anti-insulin antibodies (26.20 +/- 7.69 vs. 20.92 +/- 5.45 microU/mL), urinary albumin excretion (25.17 +/- 5.43 vs. 14.54 +/- 5.62 mg/dL/24 hours), daily insulin dose (48.1 +/- 6.95 vs. 23 +/- 4.05 units), and body mass index (18.43 +/- 3.59 vs. 24.3 +/- 2.95 kg/m(2)). Most notably, C-peptide levels were markedly higher in the camel milk group (0.28 +/- 0.6 vs. 2.30 +/- 0.51 pmol/mL). These results suggest that, as an adjunct to standard management, daily ingestion of camel milk can aid metabolic control in young type 1 diabetics, at least in part by boosting endogenous insulin secretion.
Consuming functional foods enriched with plant sterol or stanol esters for 85 weeks does not affect neurocognitive functioning or mood in statin-treated hypercholesterolemic individuals.; Recent animal and human studies have shown that plant sterols and stanols, which are used as functional food ingredients to lower increased LDL cholesterol concentrations, pass the blood-brain barrier. Whether this affects neurocognitive functioning and mental well-being in humans has, to our knowledge, never been investigated. The aim of the present study was therefore to examine the effects of long-term plant sterol or stanol consumption on neurocognitive functioning and mood in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled dietary intervention trial. To this end, hypercholesterolemic individuals, aged 43-69 y, receiving stable statin treatment were randomly assigned to an 85-wk supplementation with margarines enriched with plant sterol esters (2.5 g/d), plant stanol esters (2.5 g/d), or placebo. At baseline and at the end of the intervention period, all participants underwent a cognitive assessment. In addition, subjective cognitive functioning and mood were assessed by means of questionnaires (Cognitive Failure Questionnaire and depression subscale of the Symptom Checklist 90, respectively). Long-term supplementation with plant sterol or stanol esters did not affect cognitive performance (memory, simple information processing speed, complex information processing speed, Letter-Digit Substitution test performance), subjective cognitive functioning, or mood. In conclusion, the present results indicate that long-term use of plant sterols or stanols at recommended intakes of 2.5 g/d does not affect neurocognitive functioning or mood in hypercholesterolemic individuals receiving statin treatment.
Is only perianal anesthesia with lidocaine-prilocaine cream sufficient to decrease the pain during transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy? A prospective randomized study.; AIMS: To determine the optimal place to apply the local anesthetic agent and to investigate the efficacy of lidocaine-prilocaine cream on the perianal and intrarectal region during prostate biopsy., METHODS: The study included 80 patients. Patients were randomized into four groups: group 1 served as the control group and was administered no anesthesia; group 2 received 5 ml lidocaine-prilocaine cream perianally; group 3 received 5 ml lidocaine-prilocaine cream intrarectally, and group 4 received lidocaine-prilocaine cream perianally and intrarectally. Pain scores during probe insertion, biopsy procedure, and the overall pain score were assessed. Mean pain scores in each group were compared statistically., RESULTS: In group 1, the mean pain score was significantly higher during probe insertion than that during biopsy (p < 0.001). For the mean overall pain scores, there was no significant difference between groups 1 and 3 (p = 0.942), but the results of group 1 were statistically different from groups 2 (p = 0.001) and 4 (p < 0.001). When we compared the biopsy pain scores, there was no significant difference among the groups (p > 0.05). During probe insertion, subjects in groups 2 and 4 reported significantly lower pain scores than the control group (p = 0.002, p = 0.001, respectively)., CONCLUSIONS: Perianal anesthesia with lidocaine-prilocaine cream may solely be sufficient to decrease the pain during prostate biopsy. Copyright 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Efficacy and safety of low-dose regimens of conjugated estrogens cream administered vaginally.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of low-dose conjugated estrogens (CE) cream for treatment of atrophic vaginitis., METHODS: Postmenopausal women (N = 423) with moderate-to-severe vaginal atrophy were randomized to CE cream 0.3 mg or placebo once daily (21 days on/7 days off) or twice weekly for 12 weeks, followed by open-label treatment with CE cream for 40 weeks consistent with their prior regimen. Primary endpoints were changes in vaginal maturation index (VMI; percentage of superficial cells), vaginal pH, and severity of participant-reported most bothersome symptom (vaginal dryness, itching, burning, or dyspareunia) at week 12. Endometrial safety was assessed by transvaginal ultrasound and endometrial biopsy for 52 weeks., RESULTS: At week 12, improvements in VMI with daily and twice-weekly use of low-dose CE cream (27.9% and 25.8%, respectively) were significantly greater compared with placebo (3.0% and 1.0%, respectively; P < 0.001). Improvements in vaginal pH with daily and twice-weekly CE cream (-1.6 for both) were also significantly greater relative to placebo (-0.4 and -0.3, respectively; P < 0.001). VMI and vaginal pH responses were sustained through 52 weeks. Both CE cream regimens significantly reduced most bothersome symptom scores compared with placebo (P < or = 0.001), including those for dyspareunia (P < or = 0.01). There was no report of endometrial hyperplasia or carcinoma. Adverse events occurred with similar frequency among the active and placebo groups during the double-blind phase., CONCLUSIONS: Daily and twice-weekly use of low-dose CE cream was equally effective in relieving symptoms of vulvovaginal atrophy. Both regimens showed endometrial safety and sustained efficacy during 1 year of therapy.
Quantitative effects on cardiovascular risk factors and coronary heart disease risk of replacing partially hydrogenated vegetable oils with other fats and oils.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Reduced consumption of trans-fatty acids (TFA) is desirable to lower coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. In practice, partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO) that contain both TFAs and other fatty acids are the unit of replacement and could be replaced with diverse alternative fats and oils. We performed quantitative estimates of CHD effects if a person's PHVO consumption were to be replaced with alternative fats and oils based on (1) randomized dietary trials and (2) prospective observational studies., SUBJECTS/METHODS: We performed meta-analyses of (1) the effects of TFAs on blood lipids and lipoproteins in controlled dietary trials and (2) associations of habitual TFA consumption with CHD outcomes in prospective cohort studies. On the basis of these results and corresponding findings for saturated fatty acids (SFA), cis-monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) and cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), we calculated the effects on CHD risk for replacing 7.5% of energy from three different PHVO formulations (containing 20, 35 or 45% TFAs) with butter, lard, palm or vegetable oils., RESULTS: In controlled trials, each 1% energy replacement of TFAs with SFAs, MUFAs or PUFAs, respectively, decreased the total cholesterol (TC)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio by 0.31, 0.54 and 0.67; the apolipoprotein (Apo)-B/ApoAI ratio by 0.007, 0.010 and 0.011; and lipoprotein (Lp)(a) by 3.76, 1.39 and 1.11 mg/l (P<0.05 for each). We also included possible effects on C-reactive protein (CRP) of TFAs vs other fats from one trial. On the basis of these risk factor changes in controlled trials, CHD risk would be variably decreased by different fats and oils replacing 7.5% of energy from 20% TFA PHVO (CHD risk reduction: -2.7% (butter) to -9.9% (canola)); 35% TFA PHVO (-11.9% (butter) to -16.0% (canola)); or 45% TFA PHVO (-17.6% (butter) to -19.8% (canola)). In prospective cohort studies, each 2% energy replacement of TFAs with SFAs, MUFAs or PUFAs would lower CHD risk by 17% (95% confidence interval (CI)=7-25%), 21% (95% CI=12-30%) or 24% (95% CI=15-33%), respectively. On the basis of these associations in observational studies, CHD risk would be variably decreased by different fats and oils replacing 7.5% of energy from 20% TFA PHVO (CHD risk reduction: +0.5% (butter) to -21.8% (soybean)); 35% TFA PHVO (-14.4% (butter) to -33.4% (soybean)); or 45% TFA PHVO (-22.4% (butter) to -39.6% (soybean)). The demonstrated effects on TC/HDL-C, ApoB/ApoAI, Lp(a), and CRP in randomized feeding trials together accounted for approximately 65-80% and approximately 50% of the estimated risk reduction for replacing PHVO with animal fats and vegetable oils, respectively, that would be calculated from prospective cohort studies., CONCLUSIONS: Effects on CHD risk of removing PHVO from a person's diet vary depending on the TFA content of the PHVO and the fatty acid composition of the replacement fat or oil, with direct implications for reformulation of individual food products. Accounting for the summed effects of TFAs on multiple CHD risk factors provides more accurate estimates of potential risk reduction than considering each risk factor in isolation, and approaches the estimated risk reduction derived from prospective cohort studies.
Changes in body composition with yogurt consumption during resistance training in women.; INTRODUCTION: Resistance training is an effective method to decrease body fat (BF) and increase fat-free mass (FFM) and fat oxidation (FO). Dairy foods containing calcium and vitamin D might enhance these benefits. This study investigated the combined effects of habitual yogurt consumption and resistance training on body composition and metabolism., METHODS: Untrained women (N = 35) participated in an 8-wk resistance-training program. The yogurt group (Y) consumed 3 servings of yogurt containing vitamin D per day, and the control groups maintained their baseline low-dairy-calcium diet. Postexercise, Y consumed 1 of the 3 servings/d fat-free yogurt, the protein group consumed an isocaloric product without calcium or vitamin D, and the carbohydrate group consumed an isocaloric product without protein. Strength, body composition, fasted resting metabolic rate (RMR) and FO, and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D were measured before and after training., RESULTS: Calories (kcal x kg-1 x d-1) and protein (g x kg-1 x d-1) significantly increased from baseline for Y. FFM increased (main effect p = .002) and %BF decreased (main effect .02) for all groups with training, but Group x Time interactions were not observed. RMR and FO did not change with training for any group., CONCLUSION: Habitual consumption of yogurt during resistance training did not augment changes in body composition compared with a low-dairy diet. Y decreased %BF as a result of training, however, even with increased calorie consumption.
A plant stanol yogurt drink alone or combined with a low-dose statin lowers serum triacylglycerol and non-HDL cholesterol in metabolic syndrome patients.; We evaluated the effects of 2 commonly available strategies (plant stanol ester drink and 10 mg simvastatin) on coronary heart disease (CHD) risk variables in participants with metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome patients are at increased risk to develop CHD, partly due to high triacylglycerol (TAG) and low HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations and a low-grade inflammatory profile. Effects of plant stanol esters on TAG concentrations in these participants are unknown. After a 3-wk run-in period in which individuals consumed placebo yogurt drinks and placebo capsules, participants were randomly divided into 4 groups: placebo (n = 9), simvastatin + placebo drink (n = 10), placebo + stanol drink (n = 9), and simvastatin + stanol drink (n = 8). After 9 wk, we evaluated the effects on serum lipids, low-grade inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction markers. In metabolic syndrome patients, stanol esters (2.0 g/d), simvastatin, or the combination lowered non-HDL-C by 12.8% (P = 0.011), 30.7% (P < 0.001), and 35.4% (P < 0.001), respectively, compared with placebo. TAG were lowered by 27.5% (P = 0.044), 21.7% (P = 0.034), and 32.7% (P < 0.01), respectively. The total-:HDL-C ratio was significantly lowered in all 3 intervention groups. We found no treatment effects on the apolipoprotein CII:CIII ratio, cholesterol ester transfer protein mass, FFA concentrations, and markers for low-grade inflammation or endothelial dysfunction. This study shows that in metabolic syndrome patients, plant stanol esters lower not only non-HDL-C, but also TAG. Effects on TAG were also present in combination with statin treatment, illustrating an additional benefit of stanol esters in this CHD risk population.
Lower protein in infant formula is associated with lower weight up to age 2 y: a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Protein intake during infancy was associated with rapid early weight gain and later obesity in observational studies., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test the hypothesis that higher protein intake in infancy leads to more rapid length and weight gain in the first 2 y of life., DESIGN: In a multicenter European study, 1138 healthy, formula-fed infants were randomly assigned to receive cow milk-based infant and follow-on formula with lower (1.77 and 2.2 g protein/100 kcal, respectively) or higher (2.9 and 4.4 g protein/100 kcal, respectively) protein contents for the first year. For comparison, 619 exclusively breastfed children were also followed. Weight, length, weight-for-length, and BMI were determined at inclusion and at 3, 6, 12, and 24 mo of age. The primary endpoints were length and weight at 24 mo of age, expressed as length and weight-for-length z scores based on the 2006 World Health Organization growth standards., RESULTS: Six hundred thirty-six children in the lower (n = 313) and higher (n = 323) protein formula groups and 298 children in the breastfed group were followed until 24 mo. Length was not different between randomized groups at any time. At 24 mo, the weight-for-length z score of infants in the lower protein formula group was 0.20 (0.06, 0.34) lower than that of the higher protein group and did not differ from that of the breastfed reference group., CONCLUSIONS: A higher protein content of infant formula is associated with higher weight in the first 2 y of life but has no effect on length. Lower protein intake in infancy might diminish the later risk of overweight and obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00338689.
Effect of dietary macronutrient composition under moderate hypocaloric intake on maternal adaptation during lactation.; BACKGROUND: No evidence-based recommendations exist concerning what dietary macronutrient composition optimizes weight loss during lactation while maintaining milk production., OBJECTIVES: The study was designed to test the following hypotheses: compared with a reduced-calorie, high-carbohydrate (H-CHO) diet, an isonitrogenous, isocaloric high-fat (H-F) diet will decrease milk production and carbohydrate oxidation, increase gluconeogenesis and hexoneogenesis, and not affect energy balance., DESIGN: Seven healthy lactating mothers and their infants were studied on 2 occasions in random order for 8 d separated by 1-2 wk. On one occasion, the subjects received the H-F (30% of energy as carbohydrate and 55% as fat) diet and on the other occasion received the H-CHO (60% of energy as carbohydrate and 25% as fat) diet. Milk production, infant intakes, and substrate and hormone concentrations were measured. Glucose rates of appearance, production, gluconeogenesis, glycogenolysis, and hexoneogenesis were measured by using stable-isotope gas chromatography-mass spectrometric techniques, and energy expenditure and substrate oxidation were measured by using indirect calorimetry., RESULTS: Milk volume, lactose, and protein concentrations were unaffected. Milk fat, energy, and infant intakes were higher (P < 0.05) during the H-F diet. Neither gluconeogenesis nor hexoneogenesis was different. During the H-F diet, energy expenditure and fat and protein oxidation rates were higher (P < 0.05), and the daily energy balance deficit was greater (P < 0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Milk fat, energy output, and energy expenditure were higher during the H-F diet, which resulted in a greater negative energy balance. The lactating mothers adapted to a low carbohydrate intake by decreasing carbohydrate oxidation. Additional studies are warranted to determine whether a hypocaloric H-F diet might promote weight loss to a greater extent than the H-CHO diet while maintaining milk production.
Small, qualitative changes in fatty acid intake decrease plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients on their usual high-fat diets.; OBJECTIVE: The diet is the first step in managing hypercholesterolemia. The objective of the present study is to assess whether moderate changes in dietary fatty acids improve plasma lipid parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients., METHODS: Using a randomized double-blind study, 121 outpatients within two groups received an isocaloric amount of unsaturated margarine or butter. Clinical and anthropometric measurements and a 3-day food record were made. Chi-square and Fisher's tests were used to compare qualitative variables and the general linear procedure was used to compare the groups. Additional analyses were performed after adjustment., RESULTS: There was a significant difference (P <0.03) in low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels between the groups. Total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apolipoprotein B values decreased in the unsaturated group in comparison with the saturated group. Low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol changes were correlated with the variation in polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and with plasma phospholipid linoleic acid levels., CONCLUSION: A small change in saturated by polyunsaturated fatty acid intake may improve plasma lipid parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Rationale and design of the pediatric critical illness stress-induced immune suppression (CRISIS) prevention trial.; Despite implementation of CDC recommendations and bundled interventions for preventing catheter-associated blood stream infection, ventilator-associated pneumonia, or urinary catheter-associated infections, nosocomial infections and sepsis remain a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in critically ill children. Recent studies suggest that acquired critical illness stress-induced immune suppression (CRISIS) plays a role in the development of nosocomial infection and sepsis. This condition can be related to inadequate zinc, selenium, and glutamine levels, as well as hypoprolactinemia, leading to stress-induced lymphopenia, a predominant T(H)2 monocyte/macrophage state, and subsequent immune suppression. Prolonged immune dysfunction increases the likelihood of nosocomial infections associated with invasive devices. Although strategies to prevent common complications of critical illness are routinely employed (eg, prophylaxis for gastrointestinal bleeding, thrombophlebitis), no prophylactic strategy is used to prevent stress-induced immune suppression. This is the authors' rationale for the pediatric CRISIS prevention trial (NCT00395161), designed as a randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical investigation to determine if daily enteral supplementation with zinc, selenium, and glutamine as well as parenteral metoclopramide (a dopamine 2 receptor antagonist that reverses hypoprolactinemia) prolongs the time until onset of nosocomial infection or sepsis in critically ill children compared to enteral supplementation with whey protein. If effective, this combined nutritional and pharmacologic approach may lessen the excess morbidity and mortality as well as resource utilization associated with nosocomial infections and sepsis in this population. The authors present the design and analytic plan for the CRISIS prevention trial.
Short- and long-term effects of feeding hydrolyzed protein infant formulas on growth at < or = 6 y of age: results from the German Infant Nutritional Intervention Study.; BACKGROUND: The short- and long-term effects of feeding with hydrolyzed formulas on growth are uncertain., OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to investigate the potential differences in body mass index (BMI) over the first 6 y of life between infants fed with partially hydrolyzed whey (pHF-W), extensively hydrolyzed whey (eHF-W), extensively hydrolyzed casein (eHF-C), or cow-milk formula (CMF) and infants exclusively breastfed for the first 16 wk of life., DESIGN: We established a prospective, randomized, double-blind trial of full-term neonates with atopic heredity in the German birth cohort followed by the German Infant Nutritional Intervention Study through the first 6 y of life. Intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses of absolute and World Health Organization-standardized BMI trajectories for 1840 infants (pHF-W: n = 253; eHF-W: n = 265; eHF-C: n = 250, CMF: n = 276; breastfed: n = 796) were performed., RESULTS: No significant differences in absolute or World Health Organization-standardized BMI trajectories were found among the pHF-W, eHF-W, CMF, and breastfed groups during the 6-y follow-up. However, in the eHF-C group, both intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses showed a significantly slower sex-adjusted BMI gain through the 8th to 48th week of life (-0.1 to -0.2 lower BMI z score) but not beyond. Analyses of weight and length revealed that this difference is due to a slightly diminished weight gain in the first year of life because growth in length did not differ among study groups for the entire follow-up., CONCLUSIONS: To our knowledge, this is the first randomized trial investigating both short- and long-term effects of partially and extensively hydrolyzed formula (pHF-W, eHF-W, eHF-C), CMF, and breastfeeding on growth in one trial. Feeding with eHF-C led to a transient lower weight gain in the first year of life. No long-term consequences of different formulas on BMI were observed.
High-milk supplementation with healthy diet counseling does not affect weight loss but ameliorates insulin action compared with low-milk supplementation in overweight children.; Milk consumption has decreased in children over the past years. This may play a role in the prevalence of pediatric obesity, because clinical studies have found a beneficial effect of milk consumption for weight management. The objectives of this study were to test whether high-milk consumption leads to greater weight loss and improvements in metabolic risk factors than low milk consumption during a 16-wk healthy eating diet. Overweight children aged 8-10 y were randomized to either high (4 x 236 mL/d) or low (1 x 236 mL/d) milk consumption. Children were provided dietary counseling on healthy eating at baseline and at wk 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, and 12. Serum glucose, insulin, and lipids were measured in fasting children at baseline and wk 8 and 16. An oral glucose tolerance test and body composition assessment by magnetic resonance imaging were conducted at baseline and endpoint. Body weight changes during the 16-wk study not differ between the high-milk (1.3 +/- 0.3 kg) and low-milk (1.1 +/- 0.3 kg) groups. There was no beverage x week interaction on any of the body composition and metabolic variables studied (blood pressure, serum lipids, glucose, and insulin). There was a beverage x week interaction (P = 0.044) on insulin area under the curve showing a trend toward reduced insulin output with a glucose challenge after high-milk consumption (P = 0.062). These data suggest that in overweight children, high-milk consumption in conjunction with a healthy diet does not lead to greater weight loss but may ameliorate insulin action compared with low-milk consumption.
Can infant feeding choices modulate later obesity risk?.; Since the concept of lasting programming effects on disease risk in human adults by the action of hormones, metabolites, and neurotransmitters during sensitive periods of early development was proposed >3 decades ago, ample supporting evidence has evolved from epidemiologic and experimental studies and clinical trials. For example, numerous studies have reported programming effects of infant feeding choices on later obesity. Three meta-analyses of observational studies found that obesity risk at school age was reduced by 15-25% with early breastfeeding compared with formula feeding. We proposed that breastfeeding protects against later obesity by reducing the occurrence of high weight gain in infancy and that one causative factor is the lower protein content of human milk compared with most infant formula (the early protein hypothesis). We are testing this hypothesis in the European Childhood Obesity Project, a double-blind, randomized clinical trial that includes >1000 infants in 5 countries (Belgium, Germany, Italy, Poland, and Spain). We randomly assigned healthy infants who were born at term to receive for the first year infant formula and follow-on formula with higher or lower protein contents, respectively. The follow-up data obtained at age 2 y indicate that feeding formula with reduced protein content normalizes early growth relative to a breastfed reference group and the new World Health Organization growth standard, which may furnish a significant long-term protection against later obesity. We conclude that infant feeding practice has a high potential for long-term health effects, and the results obtained should stimulate the review of recommendations and policies for infant formula composition.
Effects of the use of fortified raw maternal milk on very low birth weight infants.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the weight and height gain and the frequency of clinical complications in preterm newborns weighing less than 1,500 g, exclusively fed human milk or fortified human milk until reaching 1,800 g., METHODS: Prospective double-blind randomized controlled trial involving 40 preterm infants weighing < 1,500 g at birth and <or= 34 weeks of gestational age, admitted to a neonatal intensive care unit from August 2005 to April 2007. Preterm infants were randomized into two groups: control (human milk) and intervention (fortified human milk). Fortifiers were added to manually expressed human milk when feeding volume reached 100 mL/kg/day until newborns reached 1,800 g. Daily weight gain, weekly length and head circumference gain, nutritional variables and clinical complications were compared., RESULTS: Human milk fortification resulted in better growth, with length gain of 1.09 and 0.87 cm/week (p = 0.003) and head circumference gain of 0.73 and 1.02 cm/week (p = 0.0001), respectively, for intervention and control groups. The weight gain was 24.4 and 21.1 g/day (p = 0.075). There were no significant clinical complications., CONCLUSIONS: Human milk fortification resulted in better growth, significant increase in length and head circumference.
Early diet and peak bone mass: 20 year follow-up of a randomized trial of early diet in infants born preterm.; BACKGROUND: Preterm infants are at risk of metabolic bone disease due to inadequate mineral intake with unknown consequences for later bone health., OBJECTIVE: To test the hypotheses that (1) early diet programs peak bone mass and bone turnover; (2) human milk has a beneficial effect on these outcomes; (3) preterm subjects have reduced peak bone mass compared to population reference data., DESIGN: 20 year follow-up of 202 subjects (43% male; 24% of survivors) who were born preterm and randomized to: (i) preterm formula versus banked breast milk or (ii) preterm versus term formula; as sole diet or supplement to maternal milk. Outcome measures were (i) anthropometry; (ii) hip, lumbar spine (LS) and whole body (WB) bone mineral content (BMC) and bone area (BA) measured using DXA; (iii) bone turnover markers., RESULTS: Infant dietary randomization group did not influence peak bone mass or turnover. The proportion of human milk in the diet was significantly positively associated with WBBA and BMC. Subjects receiving >90% human milk had significantly higher WBBA (by 3.5%, p=0.01) and BMC (by 4.8%, p=0.03) than those receiving <10%. Compared to population data, subjects had significantly lower height SDS (-0.41 (SD 1.05)), higher BMI SDS (0.31 (1.33)) and lower LSBMD SDS (-0.29 (1.16)); height and bone mass deficits were greatest in those born SGA with birthweight <1250 g (height SDS -0.81 (0.95), LSBMD SDS -0.61 (1.3))., CONCLUSION: Infant dietary randomization group did not affect peak bone mass or turnover suggesting the observed reduced final height and LS bone mass, most marked in growth restricted subjects with the lowest birthweight, may not be related to sub-optimal early nutrition. The higher WB bone mass associated with human milk intake, despite its low nutrient content, may reflect non-nutritive factors in breast milk. These findings may have implications for later osteoporosis risk and require further investigation.
Independent and interactive effects of plant sterols and fish oil n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on the plasma lipid profile of mildly hyperlipidaemic Indian adults.; The present study was designed to evaluate the independent and interactive effects of a once-a-day yoghurt drink providing 2 g plant sterols/d and capsules providing 2 g fish oil n-3 long-chain (LC) PUFA/d on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins and LDL particle size. Following a 2-week run-in period, 200 mildly hypercholesterolaemic Indian adults aged 35-55 years were randomised into one of four groups of a 2 x 2 factorial, double-blind controlled trial. The 4-week treatments consisted of (1) control yoghurt drink and control capsules, (2) control yoghurt drink and fish oil capsules, (3) plant sterol-enriched yoghurt drink and control capsules, or (4) plant sterol-enriched yoghurt drink and fish oil capsules. Blood was drawn before and after the 4-week intervention. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The main effects of plant sterols were a 4.5 % reduction in LDL-cholesterol and a 15 % reduction in TAG without a significant change in HDL-cholesterol. Overall, fish oil n-3 LC-PUFA did not significantly affect cholesterol concentrations but reduced TAG by 15 % and increased HDL-cholesterol by 5.4 %. The combination significantly lowered TAG by 15 % v. control. No significant interaction between plant sterols and n-3 LC-PUFA was observed on plasma cholesterol concentrations. In conclusion, once-a-day intake of 2 g plant sterols/d in a yoghurt drink, 2 g fish oil n-3 LC-PUFA/d in capsules, and their combination had beneficial effects on the lipid profile of mildly hypercholesterolaemic Indian adults. The potent hypotriacylglycerolaemic effect of plant sterols observed in the present study and this population warrants additional investigation.
The impact of nutritional fatty acids during pregnancy and lactation on early human adipose tissue development. Rationale and design of the INFAT study.; Recent observational studies suggest that mean birth weight and body fat growth in the first year of life have increased continuously over the last decades. Both elevated birth weight and early fat mass are potential risk factors for childhood obesity. Experimental and limited clinical data suggest that the dietary ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids (FAs) during pregnancy is critical for early adipose tissue growth. The aim of this randomized controlled study is to examine the effect of the supplementation with n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated FAs and reduction in the n-6/n-3 ratio in the diet of pregnant women/breast-feeding mothers on adipose tissue growth in their newborns using various methods for the assessment of body fat mass. Measurement of skinfold thickness in the newborn is the primary outcome parameter. Two hundred and four pregnant women will be recruited before the 15th week of gestation and randomly assigned to either active intervention or an isocaloric control diet. This upcoming study will explore the potential of this dietary approach to limit early adipose tissue growth and may contribute to the development of a new strategy for the primary prevention of childhood obesity. Copyright 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel.
[Role of whey protein and whey components in weight management and energy metabolism].; An anti-obesity effect of dietary calcium and dairy foods is evident from animal studies, observational and population studies, and randomized clinical trials. Dietary calcium appears to be responsible for 50% of the anti-obesity bioactivity of dairy. The additional dairy bioactivity has not been fully identified, but is localized primarily in whey, the anti-obesity effect appears to result from calcium, high proportion of branched chain amino acids, and specific bioactive whey-derived peptides. This article presents recent research progress on the role of whey protein and whey components in weight management and energy metabolism.
Dietary alpha-linolenic acid, EPA, and DHA have differential effects on LDL fatty acid composition but similar effects on serum lipid profiles in normolipidemic humans.; Our aim was to study the effects of increased dietary intake of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on serum lipids and LDL fatty acid compositions. To this end, a controlled parallel study was conducted in 74 healthy normolipidemic men and women aged 19-43 y. Participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 interventions and consumed a total intake of 4.4 g/d ALA (ALA group), 2.2 g/d EPA (EPA group), and 2.3 g/d DHA (DHA group) for 6 wk. Fatty acid ethyl esters were incorporated into margarines, which replaced the participant's normal spread. The ALA, EPA, or DHA intake led to a significant enrichment of the LDL with the respective (n-3) fatty acid. In addition, LDL EPA contents in the ALA group increased by 36% (P < 0.05) with no changes in LDL DHA. The EPA intervention led to an additional enrichment with DHA (24%; P < 0.001), whereas the DHA intervention further increased the amount of EPA (249%; P < 0.001). ALA, EPA, or DHA intake did not affect fasting serum concentrations of total and LDL cholesterol, but fasting serum triacylglycerol concentrations significantly decreased in the EPA (-0.14 mmol/L) and DHA (-0.30 mmol/L) interventions and also in the ALA intervention (-0.17 mmol/L). DHA intake significantly increased serum HDL cholesterol, whereas no changes were found with ALA or EPA intake. In conclusion, the present data support the hypothesis that isolated dietary ALA, EPA, and DHA intakes lead to differential enrichment in LDL due to interconversion. Moderate amounts of ALA, EPA, and DHA are effective in improving lipid profiles of normolipidemic humans.
Dose-dependent lowering of blood pressure by dairy peptides in mildly hypertensive subjects.; Clinical studies have demonstrated a beneficial effect on blood pressure for milk derived material containing isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (IPP) and valine-prolyl-proline (VPP) peptides. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the blood pressure lowering effect of three different IPP and VPP doses in products with a comparable electrolyte and protein composition. The present study was designed as a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, dose-response trial: 166 subjects (>140/90 mmHg) received placebo during a 2-week run-in, 8-weeks intervention followed by a 2-week washout. Results indicate that materials containing IPP and VPP do lower blood pressure dose-dependently (p < 0.05 for diastolic blood pressure, DBP). The effect on systolic blood pressure (SBP)/DBP over 8 weeks compared with placebo was + 0.1/- 1.3, - 1.5/- 1.4 and - 2.5/- 1.9 mmHg for the low, medium and high dose of peptides, respectively. The percentages of subjects who showed a fall in SBP > 3 mmHg or who attained an SBP below 140 mmHg, were 54% (placebo), 64% (low), 76% (medium) and 71% (high dose) respectively. This effect can only be demonstrated for office pressure and not for home or ambulatory pressure. Furthermore, the results suggest that the magnitude of the fall in blood pressure is a function of baseline blood pressure. We conclude that IPP and VPP may have a modest dose-dependent effect on office blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects although this could not be confirmed with ambulatory or home blood pressure measurements.
Long-term moderate intervention with n-3 long-chain PUFA-supplemented dairy products: effects on pathophysiological biomarkers in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.; n-3 long-chain PUFA (n-3 LC-PUFA) may improve cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases. The effects of n-3 LC-PUFA-supplemented dairy products on inflammation and immunological parameters, biomarkers of oxidative stress, serum lipids, and on disease activity were determined in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Forty-five subjects (forty-three females and two males) were randomly divided into two groups in a double-blind, placebo-controlled cross-over study. Both groups received placebo or verum products consecutively for 3 months with a 2-month washout phase between the two periods. Blood samples were taken at the beginning and at the end of each period. The dairy products generally improved serum lipids by increasing HDL and lowering lipoprotein a. The n-3 LC-PUFA supplements act to lower TAG. Additionally, a decreased lipopolysaccharide-stimulated cylo-oxygenase-2 expression was found in patients who had consumed the enriched dairy products. The majority of the CD analysed were not influenced, although n-3 LC-PUFA did suppress the immune response as lymphocytes and monocytes were found to be significantly decreased. The n-3 LC-PUFA did not increase the biomarkers of oxidative stress such as 8-iso-PGF(2alpha) and 15-keto-dihydro PGF(2alpha), and DNA damage like 7,8-dihydro-8-oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine. The long-term consumption of dairy products (2 x 12 weeks) diminished the excretion of hydroxypyridinium crosslinks, and favoured the diastolic blood pressure. The consumption of moderate doses of n-3 LC-PUFA in combination with dairy products did not improve the disease activity. However, there is evidence of cardioprotective effects. Furthermore, the long-term consumption of dairy products acts against the cartilage and bone destruction in RA.
Transpyloric tube feeding in very low birthweight infants with suspected gastroesophageal reflux: impact on apnea and bradycardia.; OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to assess the safety and efficacy of transpyloric tube feeding as a therapeutic option to reduce apnea and bradycardia in hospitalized very low birthweight (VLBW) infants with clinical signs suggestive of gastroesophageal reflux (GER)., STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective single-center cohort study of VLBW infants hospitalized from 2001 to 2004 with signs of GER who received transpyloric enteral tube feedings. Apnea (>10 s) and bradycardia (<100 bpm) episodes were compared before and after the initiation of transpyloric feedings. The Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used to compare differences between cardiorespiratory episodes before and after treatment at 1-day and combined 3-day intervals. Events recorded to assess the safety of transpyloric feedings included death, sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC)., RESULTS: A total of 72 VLBW infants with a median birthweight of 870 g (ranging from 365 to 1435 g) and gestational age of 26 weeks (from 23 to 31 weeks) were identified. The median weight at initiation of transpyloric feedings was 1297 g (from 820 to 3145 g) and infants received transpyloric feeds for a median duration of 18 days (from 1 to 86 days). After the initiation of transpyloric feedings, a reduction in apnea episodes from 4.0 to 2.5 (P=0.02) and a decrease in bradycardia episodes from 7.2 to 4.5 (P<0.001) was observed when comparing the total number of episodes for the 3 days before and after treatment. Five (6.9%) of the infants developed NEC while receiving transpyloric feedings. None of the infants receiving human milk (P=0.07) and 36% of those receiving hydrolysate-based formula (P<0.01) during transpyloric feeds developed NEC. No infants had late-onset culture-proven sepsis. Seven (9.7%) infants died before hospital discharge., CONCLUSIONS: Transpyloric feedings, especially when limited to human milk, may safely reduce episodes of apnea and bradycardia in preterm infants with suspected GER. Prospective randomized studies are needed to determine the biological impact of bypassing the stomach, as well as the safety and efficacy of this intervention. The results of such studies could modify the current prevailing safety concerns regarding transpyloric feeding in this population.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of probiotic yogurt in comparison with ordinary yogurt in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Hypercholesterolemia is the most important risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. In this study, we compared the effect of consuming probiotic yogurt with that of ordinary yogurt on serum cholesterol level in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects., METHODS: This randomized and crossover trial included 14 healthy subjects with serum total cholesterol 5.17-7.76 mmol/l. They did not consume yogurt for a 2-week prestudy period and added 300 g/day of milk to their diet. After this period, they were randomly allocated to 2 groups to receive either 300 g of ordinary yogurt or probiotic yogurt (fermented with a starter composed of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis in addition to bacteria in ordinary yogurt) for 6 weeks as a substitution for milk. After a 4-week washout period, the crossover was made and the study lasted for another 6 weeks. Blood lipid tests were done at the beginning and at the end of each period., RESULTS: Consumption of probiotic yogurt in comparison with ordinary yogurt caused a significant decrease in serum total cholesterol (p < 0.05). Comparison of other blood lipid indices did not show any significant differences between these 2 periods., CONCLUSION: Yogurt containing two probiotic bacteria strains, L. acidophilus and B. lactis, had a cholesterol-lowering effect in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
A high-protein, moderate-energy, regular cheesy snack is energetically compensated in human subjects.; Snacking is often regarded as a cause of overweight. However, the main issue is to determine whether the consumption of snacks leads to an increase in energy intake or whether a compensation phenomenon exists and maintains daily energy intake at a constant level. The objective of the present study was to determine whether the repeated consumption of a high-protein, moderate-energy, cheesy snack given as a preload 1 h before a meal altered energy intake at the next meal and then throughout the day, and if this kind of snack was energetically compensated. Normal-weight women (n 27) were recruited for the study. All subjects were healthy non-smokers, aged 18-60 years. The snacks consisted of portions of cheese containing 22 g protein, with an energy value of 836 kJ. Two types of snack were compared, differing in terms of the type of milk proteins they contained: the first contained casein only (CAS), while the second contained a mixture of casein and whey proteins (WHEY+CAS; 2:1). The principal finding of the present study was that the ingestion of the two snacks 1 h before lunch led to energy compensation of 83.1 (SEM 9.4) and 67.0 (SEM 16.4) % for WHEY+CAS and CAS respectively, at lunch, and 121.6 (SEM 36.5) and 142.1 (SEM 29.7) % for WHEY+CAS and CAS respectively, regarding the whole-day energy intake. In conclusion, the repeated consumption of a high-protein, moderate-energy, regular cheesy snack should not promote overweight because energy intake appears to be regulated during subsequent meals on the same day.
Treatment of actinic keratoses with sequential use of photodynamic therapy; and imiquimod 5% cream.; BACKGROUND: Field-directed therapies for actinic keratosis include photodynamic therapy and imiquimod., OBJECTIVES: The author designed a randomized, vehicle-controlled, split-face study to explore the safety and efficacy of photodynamic therapy followed by imiquimod., METHODS: The entire face of adults with > or =10 facial actinic keratoses were treated with photodynamic therapy with aminolevulinic acid 20% at baseline and at month 1. At month 2, imiquimod 5% cream was applied to one-half of the face and vehicle to the other half, 2-times-per-week for 16 weeks. Lesion counts were performed at baseline and months 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 12; and local skin reactions assessments at months 2, 3, 4, and 6., RESULTS: Of 25 participants enrolled, 24 completed the study. Baseline median lesions were 23.5 and 21.5 for the imiquimod- and vehicle-treated sides, respectively. At month 12, median lesion reductions was 89.9% versus 74.5% (P=.0023), respectively. No subject discontinued for an adverse event. Severe local skin reactions occurring in the most participants were erythema (17%) and flaking/scaling/dryness (13%)., CONCLUSIONS: Photodynamic therapy followed by imiquimod was well tolerated and improved reduction of actinic keratoses.
Long-term effect of calcium-vitamin D(3) fortified milk on blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in healthy older men.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Some epidemiological and clinical studies have shown that increased dairy consumption or calcium and/or vitamin D supplementation can have a beneficial effect on blood pressure, and lipid and lipoprotein concentrations. The aim of this study was to assess the long-term effects of calcium-vitamin D(3) fortified milk on blood pressure and lipid-lipoprotein concentrations in community-dwelling older men., SUBJECTS/METHODS: This is a substudy of a 2-year randomized controlled trial in which 167 men aged >50 years were assigned to receive either 400 ml per day of reduced fat (approximately 1%) milk fortified with approximately 1000 mg of calcium and 800 IU of vitamin D(3) or to a control group receiving no additional fortified milk. Weight, blood pressure, lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were measured every 6 months. Participants on lipid-lowering (n=32) or antihypertensive medication (n=39) were included, but those who commenced, increased or decreased their medication throughout the intervention were excluded (n=27)., RESULTS: In the 140 men included in this study (milk, n=73; control, n=67), there were no significant effects of the calcium-vitamin D(3) fortified milk on weight, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglyceride concentrations at any time throughout the intervention. Similar results were observed after excluding men taking antihypertensive or lipid-lowering medication or limiting the analysis to those with baseline calcium intakes <1000 mg per day and/or with hypovitaminosis D (25(OH)D <75 nmol/l)., CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation with reduced-fat calcium-vitamin D(3) fortified milk did not have a beneficial (nor detrimental) effect on blood pressure, lipid or lipoprotein concentrations in healthy community-dwelling older men.
Topical tretinoin therapy and all-cause mortality.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relation of topical tretinoin, a commonly used retinoid cream, with all-cause mortality in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention Trial (VATTC). The planned outcome of this trial was risk of keratinocyte carcinoma, and systemic administration of certain retinoid compounds has been shown to reduce risk of this cancer but has also been associated with increased mortality risk among smokers., DESIGN: The VATTC Trial was a blinded randomized chemoprevention trial, with 2- to 6-year follow-up. Oversight was provided by multiple independent committees., SETTING: US Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers. Patients A total of 1131 veterans were randomized. Their mean age was 71 years. Patients with a very high estimated short-term risk of death were excluded. Interventions Application of tretinoin, 0.1%, or vehicle control cream twice daily to the face and ears., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Death, which was not contemplated as an end point in the original study design., RESULTS: The intervention was terminated 6 months early because of an excessive number of deaths in the tretinoin-treated group. Post hoc analysis of this difference revealed minor imbalances in age, comorbidity, and smoking status, all of which were important predictors of death. After adjusting for these imbalances, the difference in mortality between the randomized groups remained statistically significant., CONCLUSIONS: We observed an association of topical tretinoin therapy with death, but we do not infer a causal association that current evidence suggests is unlikely.
Changes in body composition following a dietary and lifestyle intervention trial: the postmenopausal health study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether dietary changes and the consumption of dairy products fortified with calcium and vitamin D3 versus the use of a calcium supplement alone could have any effect on anthropometric and body composition indices of postmenopausal women over a 12-month period., METHODS: 101 healthy postmenopausal women were randomized to a dietary intervention group (DG: n=39), receiving approximately 1200 mg of calcium and 7.5 microg of vitamin D3 per day via fortified dairy products and attending biweekly dietary and lifestyle intervention sessions; a calcium supplemented group (CaG: n=26) receiving a total of 1200 mg calcium per day; and a control group who continued with their usual diet (CG: n=36). Dietary, physical activity, anthropometric, body composition and distribution (based on DXA) data were collected at baseline and after 12 months of intervention., RESULTS: No significant differences were observed in the mean 12-month changes in certain anthropometric (i.e. weight, BMI) and DXA (i.e. total body fat and lean mass) indices between groups. However, the DG was found to have a lower decrease in mid-arm muscle circumference (P<0.001) and a lower increase in the sum of skinfolds' thickness (P=0.042) compared with the CaG and the CG. Furthermore, the DG was also found to have a greater decrease in the percentage of legs' fat mass (P=0.025) and a higher increase in the percentage of legs' lean mass (P=0.012) compared with the two other groups., CONCLUSION: The application of a holistic intervention approach combining nutrition and lifestyle counseling with consumption of fortified dairy products for 12 months was found to have favourable changes in certain anthropometric and body composition indices compared to calcium supplementation alone.
Lactotripeptides do not lower ambulatory blood pressure in untreated whites: results from 2 controlled multicenter crossover studies.; BACKGROUND: Dietary factors directly influence blood pressure (BP). The lactotripeptides (LTPs) IPP (isoleucine-proline-proline) and VPP (valine-proline-proline), formed by hydrolyzing dairy proteins, and potassium, a mineral mainly found in fruit, vegetables, and dairy products, are extensively studied for their BP-lowering effect. The efficacy of LTPs seems modest in whites compared with that in Asians., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to study the effects of enzymatically produced LTPs alone or in combination with potassium on ambulatory BP in whites., DESIGN: Two multicenter, placebo-controlled, randomized, crossover studies were conducted; each consisted of two 4-wk intervention periods separated by a 4-wk washout period. In study 1, 69 subjects received 200 g/d of a dairy drink with 5.8 mg IPP and 4.4 mg VPP or placebo. In study 2, 93 subjects received 100 g/d of a dairy drink with 2.7 mg IPP, 1.9 mg VPP, and 350 mg added K or placebo. The subjects were randomly assigned according to their daytime ambulatory BP., RESULTS: Mean 24-h systolic and diastolic BP (baseline values-study 1: 137.1/81.6 mm Hg; study 2: 139.2/80.9 mm Hg) remained similar with no significant differences between treatments in either study (P > 0.10). Office BP decreased over the course of both studies (systolic BP > 5 mm Hg), but differences between interventions were not significant (P > 0.10). In both studies, nighttime BP dipped during all treatments (> or =15%) but was statistically more significant with placebo (P < 0.05). Sodium excretion increased significantly after consumption of LTPs and potassium compared with after placebo intervention (P = 0.01), but not after consumption of LTPs alone., CONCLUSION: The data do not support a BP-lowering effect of LTPs in whites.
Combination of perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block for pain control during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy: a randomized, controlled trial.; PURPOSE: To our knowledge the optimal analgesia during prostate biopsy remains undetermined. We tested the efficacy and safety of combined perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 280 patients were randomized to receive combined perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block (group 1), perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream alone (group 2), periprostatic nerve block alone (group 3) or no anesthesia (group 4) before transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy. Pain was evaluated with a 10-point visual analog scale at subsequent procedural steps, including perianal-intrarectal substance administration, prostate transrectal ultrasound, periprostatic nerve block and sampling. Complications were assessed by self-administered questionnaire and telephone interview., RESULTS: The groups were comparable in patient age, prostate volume, pathology results and visual analog scale perianal-intrarectal substance administration. Visual analog scale results for transrectal ultrasound were lower in groups 1 and 2 vs 3 and 4 (mean 1.5 and 1.41 vs 5.37 and 5.31, p <0.001) and results for periprostatic nerve block were lower in group 1 vs 3 (mean 1.03 vs 3.74, p <0.001). Results for sampling were lower in groups 1 to 3 vs 4 (mean 0.77, 1.27 and 1.27 vs 4.33, p <0.001) and in group 1 vs 2 and 3 (p <0.001). Stratified analysis showed that visual analog scale sampling was lower in group 1 vs 2 and 3 in patients 65 years old or younger, those with a prostate greater than 49 cc and those with lower anorectal compliance (visual analog scale results for perianal-intrarectal substance administration greater than 2) (p = 0.006, <0.001 and 0.003, respectively). The overall complication rate was similar in all 4 groups (p = 0.87)., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that the combination of perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block provides better pain control than the 2 modalities alone during the sampling part of transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy with no increase in the complication rate. The magnitude of this effect is higher in younger men, men with a larger prostate and men with lower anorectal compliance.
Milk enriched with "healthy fatty acids" improves cardiovascular risk markers and nutritional status in human volunteers.; OBJECTIVE: The main goal of the present study was to evaluate the effect of a commercially available milk containing small amounts of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, and vitamins A, B6, D, E, and folic acid compared with semi-skimmed and skimmed milk in volunteers with moderate cardiovascular risk., METHODS: Two hundred ninety-seven subjects 25 to 65 y of age with moderate cardiovascular risk were randomly allocated into three groups. In addition to their diets, one group consumed 500 mL/d of the enriched milk, another group consumed 500 mL/d of skimmed milk, and a control group consumed 500 mL/d of semi-skimmed milk. All groups consumed the dairy drinks for 1 y and blood samples were taken at 0 and 12 mo., RESULTS: Consumption of enriched milk for 1 y produced significant (P < 0.05) increases in serum folate (58%) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (4%). Plasma triacylglycerols (10%), total cholesterol (4%), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (6%) were reduced significantly only in the supplemented group. Serum glucose, homocysteine, and C-reactive protein remained unchanged. In the skimmed milk and semi-skimmed milk groups, the only significant decreases were in serum folate (17% and 11%, respectively)., CONCLUSION: Daily intake of a milk enriched with fish oil, oleic acid, and vitamins improved the nutritional status and cardiovascular risk markers of volunteers, whereas skimmed milk and semi-skimmed milk did not.
Lactotripeptides and antihypertensive effects: a critical review.; Hypertension or high blood pressure is a significant health problem worldwide. Typically, lifestyle changes, including adopting a healthy diet, are recommended for people with an elevated blood pressure. Lactotripeptides are bioactive milk peptides with potential antihypertensive properties in man. These peptides, as part of a food product or as nutraceutical, may contribute to the prevention and treatment of hypertension. This paper reviews the current evidence of the blood pressure control properties of lactotripeptides in man. Blood pressure-lowering effects of lactotripeptides are typically measured after 4-6 weeks of treatment. However, in some cases, a blood pressure response has been observed after 1-2 weeks. Maximum blood pressure reductions approximate 13 mmHg (systolic blood pressure) and 8 mmHg (diastolic blood pressure) after active treatment compared with placebo, and are likely reached after 8-12 weeks of treatment. Effective dosages of lactotripeptides range from 3.07 to 52.5 mg/d. Evidence indicates that lactotripeptides are only effective at elevated blood pressure; no further lowering of normal blood pressure has been observed. Concomitant intake of antihypertensive medication does not seem to influence the potency of lactotripeptides to lower blood pressure. Similarly, ethnicity has not been found to influence the extent of lactotripeptide-induced blood pressure lowering. Based on the currently available data, lactotripeptides appear to be safe and effective. Thus, they can be part of a healthy diet and lifestyle to prevent or reduce high blood pressure.
Dairy foods and risk of stroke.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of milk and other dairy foods has been associated with reduced risk of stroke, although not all studies have shown this consistently., METHODS: We examined the association between dairy food intake and risk of stroke subtypes within the Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study. Between 1985 and 1988, 26,556 Finnish male smokers aged 50-69 years who had no history of stroke completed a food frequency questionnaire. We used Cox proportional hazards models to estimate relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), adjusted for potential confounders., RESULTS: During a mean follow-up of 13.6 years, 2702 cerebral infarctions, 383 intracerebral hemorrhages, and 196 subarachnoid hemorrhages were ascertained. We observed positive associations between whole milk intake and risk of intracerebral hemorrhage (RR = 1.41 for the highest vs. lowest quintile of intake; 95% CI = 1.02-1.96) and between yogurt intake and subarachnoid hemorrhage (RR = 1.83 for the highest vs. lowest quintile of intake; 95% CI = 1.20-2.80). Men in the highest quintile of cream intake had a moderate decreased risk of cerebral infarction (0.81; 0.72-0.92) and intracerebral hemorrhage (0.72; 0.52-1.00). There were no strong associations between intakes of total dairy, low-fat milk, sour milk, cheese, ice cream, or butter and risk of any stroke subtype., CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that intake of certain dairy foods may be associated with risk of stroke.
Periprostatic nerve block (PNB) alone vs PNB combined with an anaesthetic-myorelaxant agent cream for prostate biopsy: a prospective, randomized double-arm study.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy of periprostatic nerve block (PNB) alone vs PNB combined with the local administration of a 1.5% lidocaine/0.3% nifedipine cream (Antrolin, Bracco, Milan, Italy)., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a prospective, randomized, double-arm study, 200 patients were randomized to receive PNB alone (group A, 100) or PNB combined with a previous administration of the topical anaesthetic Antrolin (group B, 100). The PNB was applied by infiltrating bilaterally a solution of 5 mL lidocaine 1% and naropine 0.75%. Patients were asked to complete visual analogue scale (VAS) questionnaire (0-10) to score pain and discomfort during probe insertion (VAS1), PNB (VAS2), cores (VAS3), 30 min after biopsy (VAS4), the evening of the procedure (VAS5), and the day after biopsy (VAS6)., RESULTS: Pain during probe insertion in group B was significantly less than in group A (VAS1 0.82 vs 2.9; P < 0.001). Pain during periprostatic infiltration was also lower in group B than group A (VAS2 1.4 vs 3.48; P < 0.001). Pain control was similar during biopsy in the two groups (VAS3 1.28 vs 1.2; P = 0.69). The pain scored at VAS4 was significantly less in group B (0.7 vs 1.86, P < 0.001), as was VAS5 (0.68 vs 1.3, P < 0.001). There was no difference in pain perception the day after biopsy (VAS6, 0.32 vs 0.22, P = 0.14)., CONCLUSIONS: Antrolin placed with PNB is better than PNB alone in reducing pain and discomfort during transrectal-ultrasonography guided prostate biopsy.
Imiquimod 5% cream as adjunctive therapy for primary, solitary, nodular nasal basal cell carcinomas before Mohs micrographic surgery: a randomized, double blind, vehicle-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream is currently approved for treatment of nonfacial, superficial basal cell carcinomas (BCCs). Topical imiquimod might be a reasonable candidate for adjunctive therapy of nodular, nasal BCCs before Mohs surgery., OBJECTIVE: To observe the effectiveness of imiquimod 5% cream in reducing the number of Mohs stages, defect size, cost of Mohs surgery, and reconstruction., METHODS: Patients applied the study medication nightly for 6 weeks with occlusion followed by a 4-week rest period before Mohs surgery was performed., RESULTS: No differences were demonstrated in the number of Mohs stages, defect sizes, or costs between the two groups, possibly because of our small sample size. Only five of 12 patients (42%) in the treatment group were found histologically clear of tumor (complete responders)., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream was not helpful as an adjunctive treatment of nodular, nasal BCCs before Mohs surgery, but a larger study might show a benefit. Clearance of nodular, nasal BCCs treated with imiquimod prior to Mohs surgery was less than described in previous studies. Nasal BCCs may be more resistant to imiquimod treatment. Local inflammatory reactions limit imiquimod's usefulness in this setting. Histologic assessment of nasal BCCs treated with imiquimod is recommended.
Phytosterol-enriched yogurt increases LDL affinity and reduces CD36 expression in polygenic hypercholesterolemia.; Dietary enrichment with phytosterols (plant sterols similar to cholesterol) is able to reduce plasma cholesterol levels due to reduced intestinal absorption. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of phytosterol-enriched yogurt consumption on the major serum lipid parameters, low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor activity, LDL-receptor affinity, and CD36 expression in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Fifteen patients affected by polygenic hypercholesterolemia were evaluated in a single-blind randomized crossover study after a 4 weeks treatment with a phytosterol-enriched yogurt containing 1.6 g esterefied phytosterols (equivalent to 1.0 g free phytosterol). Lipid parameters were compared with a phytosterol-free placebo-controlled diet. The effect of the two treatments on each variable, measured as percentage change, was compared by paired samples t test and covariance analysis. The treatment induced a modest but significant decrease in LDL-cholesterol levels (4.3%, P = 0.03) and a significant increase in high density lipoprotein (HDL) 3-cholesterol (17.1%, P = 0.01). Phytosterol consumption had no effect on LDL-receptor activity whereas patient LDL-receptor affinity significantly increased (9.7%, P = 0.01) and CD36 expression showed a marked significant decrease (18.2%, P = 0.01) in the phytosterol-enriched yoghurt patients. Our data show that the oral administration of a phytosterol-enriched yogurt has modest but significant effects on commonly measured lipid parameters. The improvement of LDL-receptor affinity and the reduction in CD36 expression may reflect an important antiatherogenic effect.
Olive oil and walnut breakfasts reduce the postprandial inflammatory response in mononuclear cells compared with a butter breakfast in healthy men.; BACKGROUND: Inflammation is crucial in all stages of atherosclerosis, and few studies have investigated the effect of dietary fat on markers of inflammation related to this disease during the postprandial period., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the chronic effects of dietary fat on the postprandial expression of proinflammatory genes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) in healthy subjects., DESIGN: 20 healthy men followed three different diets for 4 weeks each, according to a randomized crossover design: Western diet: 15% protein, 47% carbohydrates (CHO), 38% fat (22% saturated fatty acid (SFA)); Mediterranean diet: 15% protein, 47% CHO, 38% fat (24% monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA)); CHO-rich and n-3 diet: 15% protein, 55% CHO, <30% fat (8% polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)). After 12-h fast, volunteers were given a breakfast with a fat composition similar to that consumed in each of the diets-butter breakfast: 35% SFA; olive oil breakfast: 36% MUFA; walnut breakfast: 16% PUFA, 4% alpha-linolenic acid (LNA)., RESULTS: The butter breakfast induced a higher increase in tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha messenger RNA (mRNA) expression than the olive oil or walnut breakfasts (P=0.014) in PBMCs. Moreover, we found a higher postprandial response in the mRNA of interleukin (IL)-6 with the intake of butter and olive oil breakfasts than with the walnut breakfast (P=0.025) in these cells. However, the effects of the three fatty breakfasts on the plasma concentrations of these proinflammatory parameters showed no significant differences (P=N.S.)., CONCLUSION: Consumption of a butter-enriched meal elicits greater postprandial expression of proinflammatory cytokine mRNA in PBMCs, compared to the olive oil and walnut breakfasts.
Placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized pilot study of imiquimod 5% cream applied once per week for 6 months for the treatment of actinic keratoses.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream applied twice weekly for 16 weeks is effective for treating actinic keratoses but may be limited by local side effects., OBJECTIVE: We sought to explore the efficacy and safety of a once weekly for 24 weeks dosing regimen using a left versus right side of head design., RESULTS: Twenty patients were enrolled; 15 completed and 5 discontinued for reasons unrelated to adverse events. At the posttreatment visit (week 28), 7 (46.7%) of 15 patients had marked improvement or better on the imiquimod side versus one (6.7%) of 15 on the placebo side. The average investigator assessment scale score change was +2.20 for imiquimod compared with -0.27 for placebo (P = .0002, Wilcoxon signed rank test). Skin reactions were minimal or nonexistent in most patients., LIMITATIONS: Limitations of the study include a small sample size and a lack of objective measure of local side effects., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream applied once weekly for 24 weeks was convenient for patients and resulted in improvement of actinic keratoses with minimal side effects.
Effect of one-week treatment with vaginal estrogen preparations on serum estrogen levels in postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: Approximately 50% of postmenopausal women suffer from vaginal atrophy, and a large proportion of them choose intravaginal estrogen preparations administered for local action to avoid systemic exposure to estrogens and its associated risk of breast and uterine cancer. The primary objective of this study was the evaluation of the systematic bioavailability of estradiol and estrone and the pharmacokinetics of two of the most frequently used intravaginal estrogen preparations, namely Vagifem and Premarin cream., DESIGN: While immunobased assays could not previously provide accurate measurement of serum estrogen concentrations in postmenopausal women, we have used validated mass spectrometry assays to measure the pharmacokinetics of serum estradiol and estrone during the 24 hours following the seventh daily application of 25 microg estradiol (Vagifem) and 1 g (0.625 mg) conjugated estrogens (Premarin) cream in 10 postmenopausal women in each group., RESULTS: Serum estradiol was increased on average by 5.4-fold from 3 to 17 pg/mL during the 24-hour period after daily administration of 25 microg estradiol or 1 g (0.625 mg) conjugated estrogens cream. Serum estrone, conversely, increased 150% with Vagifem and 500% with Premarin cream., CONCLUSIONS: The present data using validated, accurate, and sensitive mass spectrometry assays of estrogens show that the Vagifem pill and Premarin cream, after 1 week of daily treatment, cause an approximately fivefold increase in serum estradiol in postmenopausal women, thus indicating that the effects are unlikely to be limited to the vagina and that systemic actions are expected after application of these intravaginal estrogen preparations.
Effects of a phytosterol-enriched dairy product on lipids, sterols and 8-isoprostane in hypercholesterolemic patients: a multicenter Italian study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Plant sterols, added to several food sources, lower serum cholesterol concentrations. Plant sterol-induced cholesterol lowering is paralleled by a mild decrease in plasma levels of the antioxidant beta-carotene, the amount of this decrease being considered clinically non-significant. Whether the effect on lipid profile of daily consumption of plant sterol-enriched low-fat fermented milk (FM) is paralleled by a concomitant variation in a reliable marker of the oxidative burden like plasma isoprostane levels is unresolved., METHODS AND RESULTS: The effect of plant sterol consumption on plasma lipid and isoprostane levels of hypercholesterolemic patients was evaluated in a multicenter, randomized double blind study. Hypercholesterolemic patients consumed a FM daily for 6 weeks. Subjects were randomized to receive either 1.6g of plant sterol-enriched FM (n=60) or control FM product (n=56). After 6 weeks of plant sterol-enriched FM consumption, LDL cholesterol was reduced from 166.2+/-2.0 to 147.4+/-2.8 mg/dL (p=0.01). A significant reduction was observed for total cholesterol (from 263.5+/-2.6 to 231.0+/-3.2mg/dL, p=0.01). There was greater LDL cholesterol lowering among hypercholesterolemic patients with higher LDL cholesterol at baseline. We found a reduction of plasma 8-isoprostane in patients taking plant sterol-enriched FM (from 43.07+/-1.78 to 38.04+/-1.14 pg/ml, p=0.018) but not in patients taking the control product (from 42.56+/-2.12 to 43.19+/-2.0 pg/ml, p=NS). Campesterol and beta-sitosterol levels were not influenced by phytosterol consumption., CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of low-fat plant sterol dairy product favourably changes lipid profile by reducing LDL-cholesterol, and may also have an anti-oxidative effect through a reduction of plasma isoprostanes.
LIPGENE food-exchange model for alteration of dietary fat quantity and quality in free-living participants from eight European countries.; Controlled human intervention trials are required to confirm the hypothesis that dietary fat quality may influence insulin action. The aim was to develop a food-exchange model, suitable for use in free-living volunteers, to investigate the effects of four experimental diets distinct in fat quantity and quality: high SFA (HSFA); high MUFA (HMUFA) and two low-fat (LF) diets, one supplemented with 1.24 g EPA and DHA/d (LFn-3). A theoretical food-exchange model was developed. The average quantity of exchangeable fat was calculated as the sum of fat provided by added fats (spreads and oils), milk, cheese, biscuits, cakes, buns and pastries using data from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of UK adults. Most of the exchangeable fat was replaced by specifically designed study foods. Also critical to the model was the use of carbohydrate exchanges to ensure the diets were isoenergetic. Volunteers from eight centres across Europe completed the dietary intervention. Results indicated that compositional targets were largely achieved with significant differences in fat quantity between the high-fat diets (39.9 (sem 0.6) and 38.9 (sem 0.51) percentage energy (%E) from fat for the HSFA and HMUFA diets respectively) and the low-fat diets (29.6 (sem 0.6) and 29.1 (sem 0.5) %E from fat for the LF and LFn-3 diets respectively) and fat quality (17.5 (sem 0.3) and 10.4 (sem 0.2) %E from SFA and 12.7 (sem 0.3) and 18.7 (sem 0.4) %E MUFA for the HSFA and HMUFA diets respectively). In conclusion, a robust, flexible food-exchange model was developed and implemented successfully in the LIPGENE dietary intervention trial.
An open, randomized, prospective, comparative study of topical pimecrolimus 1% cream and topical ketoconazole 2% cream in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis.; BACKGROUND: Seborrheic dermatitis (SD) is a chronic inflammatory disorder that mainly affects the seborrheic region. While ketoconazole is often used, pimecrolimus has been used successfully in SD., OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and tolerability of pimecrolimus in comparison with ketoconazole in the treatment of SD., METHODS: A total of 48 patients with SD were included in the study. Patients were randomized into two groups: 23 and 25 patients in the pimecrolimus and ketoconazole groups, respectively. Clinical measures were assessed by erythema, scaling and infiltration, which were evaluated using a four-point scale (0 to 3) at 2, 6, and 12 weeks., RESULTS: Of these 48 patients, 38 completed the study (18 and 20 patients in the pimecrolimus and ketoconazole groups, respectively). The mean percentage decrease in clinical severity scores from baseline to the last follow-up period was 86.2% and 86.1% in the pimecrolimus and ketoconazole groups, respectively. Both pimecrolimus and ketoconazole were effective in SD. Differences between the two groups were not statistically significant. Side effects were observed more frequently with pimecrolimus than with ketoconazole and this difference was statistically significant., CONCLUSION: Our study showed that pimecrolimus had a comparable efficacy profile with that of ketoconazole, but side effects appeared more frequently in the pimecrolimus group than in the ketoconazole group.
The gap between food-based dietary guidelines and usual food consumption in Belgium, 2004.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the gap between food-based dietary guidelines (FBDG) and the usual food consumption in Belgium., DESIGN AND SETTING: Information on food intake was collected with two non-consecutive 24 h recalls, using the validated software package EPIC-SOFT in combination with a self-administered FFQ. Habitual food intake was estimated by the Nusser method. Physical activity was evaluated according to the International Physical Activity Questionnaire., SUBJECTS: A representative sample of the Belgian population aged 15 years and older was randomly selected from the National Register using a multistage stratified procedure. Dietary information was obtained from 3245 individuals., RESULTS: Food intakes deviated significantly from the recommendations. In particular, fruit (118 g/d) and vegetable (138 g/d) consumption and intake of dairy and Ca-enriched soya products (159 g/d) were inadequate. Consumption of energy-dense, nutrient-poor foods (soft drinks, alcohol and snacks) was excessive (481 g/d). There were important age and gender differences. Fruit, vegetable and spreadable fat consumption was lowest, while consumption of dairy, starchy and energy-dense, nutrient-poor foods was highest among the youngest age group. Men consumed more animal and starchy foods than women, who consumed more fruits. There were only slight differences by education level., CONCLUSION: Food intakes differed substantially from the FBDG. Improvement of the Belgian food pattern, in particular among the youngest age group, is necessary for a better prevention of diet-related diseases. In addition, continuous or regular monitoring is crucial to permit trend analyses and to plan effective education or intervention strategies.
Dietary combination of soy with a probiotic or prebiotic food significantly reduces total and LDL cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that a dietary combination of soy with either a probiotic (yoghurt) or a prebiotic (resistant starch) would result in enhanced lipid-lowering effects compared with a control soy diet, possibly via improvements in isoflavone bioavailability., SUBJECTS: Mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects (men and post-menopausal women) older than 45 years were recruited via the local media. Thirty-six subjects commenced the study; five withdrew., RESULTS: Soy+probiotic significantly decreased total cholesterol (4.7+/-2.0%; P=0.038) and soy+prebiotic significantly decreased total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (5.5+/-1.6%; P=0.003 and 7.3+/-2.2%; P=0.005, respectively). The bioavailabilities of daidzein, genistein or equol were not affected by probiotic or prebiotic consumption or associated with lipid changes., CONCLUSION: Dietary combination of soy with either a probiotic or a prebiotic resulted in significant lipid lowering, not related to isoflavone bioavailability.
Imiquimod: a review of basal cell carcinoma treatments.; Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is regarded as the most prevalent malignant skin tumor in whites. A variety of surgical and nonsurgical interventions are available to treat BCC. In recent years, an immune response modifier drug, imiquimod, has been approved in treating superficial BCC (sBCC). The objective of the authors was to review the published literature to evaluate outcomes such as efficacy, safety, and quality of life associated with imiquimod treatment among patients with sBCC. A MEDLINE search of the literature was performed to identify studies published between January 1, 1995 and March 31, 2008 that evaluated imiquimod efficacy, safety, and quality of life in treating BCC. Overall, imiquimod 5% cream was associated with increased clinical and histologic clearance among patients with sBCC as compared to placebo. The findings from short-term cost effectiveness studies suggest that use of imiquimod 5% cream can be more cost-effective than surgical interventions such as excision surgery among patients with superficial BCC. Future studies evaluating long term cost effectiveness of imiquimod treatment are warranted.
Growth of preschool children was improved when fed an iron-fortified fermented milk beverage supplemented with Lactobacillus acidophilus.; Food fortification is an efficient strategy applied to overcome iron deficiency anemia. This study investigated the effect of iron fortification with probiotic bacteria in a milk beverage on growth and iron status of preschool children with a usually low-bioavailable-iron diet intake. The fermented milk beverage was fortified with iron amino acid chelate (3 mg iron per 80 mL) and supplemented with Lactobacillus acidophilus (test) or not (control). The beverage was fed to 190 children aged 2 to 5 years for a duration of 101 days. Anthropometric, hematologic, and nutritional assessments were carried out before and after the intervention. The levels of red blood cells, hemoglobin, and hematocrit decreased (P < .001) in both groups (test and control) but remained within the reference range. The children fed the probiotic milk beverage exhibited higher red blood cell status and a positive correlation between iron intake and hemoglobin. An increased serum ferritin level was observed in the control group (P < .001). Nutritional status was improved after intervention in both groups by comparing the indices of weight for age and height for age. However, no difference was observed in the weight for height index in these groups. Energy and nutrient intake increased (P < .001) with intervention, and the prevalence of inadequacy was reduced. The fortified beverage contributed to improved nutrient intake and nutritional status of the preschool children. The higher demand and mobilization of nutrients to offset growth may have contributed to maintain blood parameters at borderline levels.
Enzymatically hydrolyzed lactotripeptides do not lower blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects.; BACKGROUND: Several placebo-controlled clinical studies suggest that products containing isoleucyl-prolyl-proline and valyl-prolyl-proline are able to lower blood pressure without adverse effects. The most efficient way of producing high concentrations of these lactotripeptides (LTPs) is enzymatic hydrolysis of dairy protein (casein) with the use of a mixture of several enzymes derived from the nongenetically modified organism Aspergillus oryzae, including proteases and peptidases. To date, no large studies of the blood pressure-lowering properties of enzymatically produced LTP (ELTP) powder in European populations have been published., OBJECTIVE: This study was performed to evaluate the hypothesis that consumption of ELTP in a yogurt beverage for 8 wk significantly lowers blood pressure., DESIGN: In this multicenter, double-blind, parallel, placebo-controlled trial, office blood pressure was evaluated in 275 Dutch hypertensive subjects. Blood pressures and body weight were measured on several days at baseline and at weeks 4 and 8 of the intervention between 2.5 and 3 h after intake of the test product. Twenty-four-h urine samples were collected at baseline and at the end of the intervention for urinalysis of sodium, potassium, creatinine, and microalbumin excretion., RESULTS: The results showed that 10.2 mg ELTP/d does not lead to a reduction in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.66) or diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.72) compared with placebo., CONCLUSION: This study showed no effect of an ELTP-enriched yogurt beverage on blood pressure in hypertensive subjects in a fairly large study.
Evaluation of high-protein supplementation in weight-stable HIV-positive subjects with a history of weight loss: a randomized, double-blind, multicenter trial.; BACKGROUND: HIV patients with wasting are at increased risk of opportunistic complications and fatality., OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that augmenting dietary intake with high-biologic-value protein would enhance weight and lean tissue in weight-stable subjects with a prior unintentional weight loss of >3%., DESIGN: Fifty-nine subjects with HIV RNA concentrations <5000 copies/mL were randomly assigned to receive a 280-kcal supplement containing 40 g whey protein or a matched isocaloric control supplement without added protein twice daily for 12 wk., RESULTS: Before the study, intake of total energy and protein exceeded estimated requirements (44.3 +/- 12.6 kcal x kg(-1) x d(-1) and 1.69 +/- 0.55 g x kg(-1) x d(-1), respectively). Both supplements failed to increase total energy intake because of decreases in self-selected food intake. Changes in weight (0.8 +/- 2.4 and 0.7 +/- 2.4 kg) and lean body mass (0.3 +/- 1.4 and 0.3 +/- 1.5 kg) did not differ significantly between the whey protein and control groups, respectively. Waist-to-hip ratio improved more with whey protein (-0.02 +/- 0.05) than with the control (0.01 +/- 0.03; P = 0.025) at week 6 but not at week 12. Fasting triacylglycerol increased by 39 +/- 98 mg/dL with the control supplement and decreased by 16 +/- 62 mg/dL with whey protein at week 12 (P = 0.03). CD4 lymphocytes increased by 31 +/- 84 cells/mm(3) with whey protein and decreased by 5 +/- 124 cells/mm(3) with the control supplement at 12 wk (P = 0.03). Gastrointestinal symptoms occurred more often with whey protein., CONCLUSIONS: A whey protein supplement did not increase weight or lean body mass in HIV-positive subjects who were eating adequately, but it did increase CD4 cell counts. The control supplement with rapidly assimilable carbohydrate substituted for protein increased cardiovascular disease risk factors. Careful dietary and weight history should be obtained before starting nutritional supplements in subjects with stable weight loss and good viral control.
[Efficacy of the use of a sour milk product enriched with phytosterols in diet therapy of patients with cardiovascular diseases].; We studied effect of antiatherogenic diet with inclusion of a sour milk product Danacor enriched with phytosterols on clinical and biochemical parameters of patients with cardiovascular diseases. Results of the study showed that antiatherogenic diet with phytosterols facilitated improvement of clinical status, anthropometric parameters, and lipid spectrum of blood.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with free plant sterols on the levels of serum lipids and plant sterols in moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a high-fat diet.; This study examined the effect of plant sterols added, together with an emulsifying agent, to a low-fat yoghurt on the serum lipid and plant sterol values in moderately hypercholesterolaemic volunteers. Study I was a randomized double-blind, cross-over trial. For 4 weeks, 15 volunteers consumed yoghurt containing 1 g plant sterols or a placebo yoghurt. Study II was a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study. For 8 weeks, the sterol group (n = 12) ingested daily two yoghurts (2 g/day plant sterols) and the placebo group (n = 14) ingested two yoghurts without plant sterols. Study I: compared with the placebo, the sterol yoghurt reduced serum total cholesterol by 0.15 mmol/l (2.2%, P=0.235) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 0.19 mmol/l (4.3%, P=0.082), and increased serum campesterol by 0.26 mg/100 ml (P=0.006) and sitosterol by 0.11 mg/100 ml (P=0.015). Study II: compared with the placebo, the sterol yoghurt reduced serum total cholesterol by 0.41 mmol/l (6.3%, P=0.167) and LDL cholesterol by 0.28 mmol/l (6.4%, P=0.306), and increased serum campesterol by 0.28 mg/100 ml (P=0.016) and sitosterol by 0.40 mg/100 ml (P=0.206). Meta-analysis: the pooled treatment difference was -0.34 mmol/l (5.2%, P=0.173) in total cholesterol and was -0.26 mmol/l (-5.8%, P=0.261) in LDL cholesterol, when the sterol yoghurt was compared with the placebo. A low-fat yoghurt enriched with 1-2 g/day plant sterols reduced serum cholesterol levels in moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Campesterol and sitosterol serum levels increased, but their concentration remained in the range of normal values.
Human dietary exposure to hexachlorobenzene in Catalonia, Spain.; The concentrations of hexachlorobenzene (HCB) were measured in samples of foodstuffs widely consumed by the population of Catalonia, Spain. Food samples were randomly acquired in 12 cities of Catalonia between March and June of 2006. HCB levels were determined by high-resolution gas chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry. The dietary intake of HCB was subsequently estimated for the population of Catalonia, and the results were compared with those of a survey performed in 2000. The highest HCB concentrations were found in oils and fats, fish and seafood, and dairy products, with mean levels of 0.481, 0.330, and 0.284 ng/g of fresh weight, respectively. HCB intake was estimated for four population groups: children, adolescents, adults, and seniors (aged >65 years). The highest and lowest HCB intake corresponded to children and seniors, respectively. Similar results were found in our 2000 survey. For a standard male adult of 70-kg body weight, in the 2000 study, total dietary intake of HCB was 166.2 ng/day (2.4 ng/kg of body weight per day), whereas in the current survey the intake was 71.6 ng/day (1.0 ng/kg of body weight per day). On a body-weight basis, it means a decrease of 57%, which was mainly due to the important reductions in the contribution of dairy products (mainly cheese), as well as those of meat and meat products and fish and seafood. All the intakes are considerably lower than the World Health Organization tolerable daily intake, which is 0.17 microg/kg/day for noncancer effects and 0.16 microg/kg/day for neoplastic effects in humans.
Effects of long-term plant sterol or stanol ester consumption on lipid and lipoprotein metabolism in subjects on statin treatment.; Consumption of plant sterol- or stanol-enriched margarines by statin users results in an additional LDL-cholesterol reduction of approximately 10 %, which may be larger than the average decrease of 3-7 % achieved by doubling the statin dose. However, whether this effect persists in the long term is not known. Therefore, we examined in patients already on stable statin treatment the effects of 85 weeks of plant sterol and stanol ester consumption on the serum lipoprotein profile, cholesterol metabolism, and bile acid synthesis. For this, a double-blind randomised trial was designed in which fifty-four patients consumed a control margarine with no added plant sterols or stanols for 5 weeks (run-in period). For the next 85 weeks, seventeen subjects continued with the control margarine and the other two groups with either a plant sterol (n 18) or plant stanol (n 19) (2.5 g/d each) ester-enriched margarine. Blood was sampled at the end of the run-in period and every 20 weeks during the intervention period. Compared with the control group, plant sterol and stanol ester consumption reduced LDL-cholesterol by 0.28 mmol/l (or 8.7 %; P = 0.08) and 0.42 mmol/l (13.1 %; P = 0.006) respectively after 85 weeks. No effects were found on plasma concentrations of oxysterols or 7 alpha-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one, a bile acid synthesis marker. We conclude that long-term consumption of both plant sterol and stanol esters effectively lowered LDL-cholesterol concentrations in statin users.
Cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterols in low-fat yogurt consumed as a snack or with a meal.; OBJECTIVE: Plant sterols (PS) consumed as a snack may not have the same cholesterol-lowering potential as when consumed with a meal due to poor solubilization. It was hypothesized that the consumption of a single dose, low-fat yogurt rich in PS (1.6 g/d) with a meal over an afternoon snack will lead to favourable changes in plasma lipids, plasma PS concentrations, and cholesterol synthesis without negatively affecting alpha-tocopherol or carotenoids levels., METHODS: Twenty-six hyperlipidemic males and females completed the randomized trial of three phases (control, single PS dose consumed with a meal, or single PS dose as an afternoon snack) while consuming controlled, low-fat diets. Plasma lipids, cholesterol synthesis rates, plasma PS and serum fat-soluble antioxidants were measured at baseline and after 4 weeks., RESULTS: Endpoint total cholesterol (TC) levels after the PS snack phase were decreased (p = 0.04) (5.30 +/- 0.2 mmol/L) compared to the control phase (5.53 +/- 0.2 mmol/L). However, endpoints for TC (5.37 +/- 0.2 mmol/L) for PS dose with a meal were comparable to control phase. Low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol tended to be different (p = 0.06) at the end of the intervention phases (3.51 +/- 0.1, 3.43 +/- 0.1, and 3.33 +/- 0.1 mmol/L; control, meal and snack, respectively). Cholesterol fractional synthesis rates were higher (p = 0.007) by 25.8% and 19.5% at the end of the snack and meal phases, respectively, compared with the control phase. Plasma campesterol and beta-sitosterol concentrations, adjusted for TC, were higher (p < 0.01) in the snack phase (2.30 +/- 0.3 and 0.54 +/- 0.1 micromol/mmol, respectively) and in the meal phase (2.00 +/- 0.3 and 0.51 +/- 0.1 micromol/mmol, respectively) when compared to the control phase (1.81 +/- 0.3 and 0.40 +/- 0.1 micromol/mmol, respectively). No changes in alpha-tocopherol or carotenoids levels were detected after adjusting for TC, for all phases., CONCLUSION: These results indicate that a single dose of PS in low-fat yogurt, provided as a snack, lowers cholesterol levels but does not alter fat-soluble vitamin or carotenoid concentrations in hyperlipidemic participants.
Higher dose of docosahexaenoic acid in the neonatal period improves visual acuity of preterm infants: results of a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Preterm infants have improved visual outcomes when fed a formula containing 0.2-0.4% docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) compared with infants fed no DHA, but the optimal DHA dose is unknown., OBJECTIVE: We assessed visual responses of preterm infants fed human milk (HM) and formula with a DHA concentration estimated to match the intrauterine accretion rate (high-DHA group) compared with infants fed HM and formula containing DHA at current concentrations., DESIGN: A double-blind randomized controlled trial studied preterm infants born at <33 wk gestation and fed HM or formula containing 1% DHA (high-DHA group) or approximately 0.3% DHA (current practice; control group) until reaching their estimated due date (EDD). Both groups received the same concentration of arachidonic acid. Sweep visual evoked potential (VEP) acuity and latency were assessed at 2 and 4 mo corrected age (CA). Weight, length, and head circumference were assessed at EDD and at 2 and 4 mo CA., RESULTS: At 2 mo CA, acuity of the high-DHA group did not differ from the control group [high-DHA group (x +/- SD): 5.6 +/- 2.4 cycles per degree (cpd), n = 54; control group: 5.6 +/- 2.4 cpd, n = 61; P = 0.96]. By 4 mo CA, the high-DHA group exhibited an acuity that was 1.4 cpd higher than the control group (high-DHA: 9.6 +/- 3.7 cpd, n = 44; control: 8.2 +/- 1.8 cpd; n = 51; P = 0.025). VEP latencies and anthropometric measurements were not different between the high-DHA and control groups., CONCLUSION: The DHA requirement of preterm infants may be higher than currently provided by preterm formula or HM of Australian women.
Dairy calcium supplementation in overweight or obese persons: its effect on markers of fat metabolism.; BACKGROUND: Dairy calcium supplementation has been proposed to increase fat oxidation and to inhibit lipogenesis., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate the effects of calcium supplementation on markers of fat metabolism., DESIGN: In a placebo-controlled, crossover experiment, 10 overweight or obese subjects who were low calcium consumers received 800 mg dairy Ca/d for 5 wk. After 4 wk, adipose tissue was taken for biopsy for analysis of gene expression. Respiratory exchange, glycerol turnover, and subcutaneous adipose tissue microdialysis were performed for 7 h after consumption of 400 mg Ca or placebo, and the ingestion of either randomized slow-release caffeine (SRC; 300 mg) or lactose (500 mg). One week later, the test was repeated with the SRC or lactose crossover., RESULTS: Calcium supplementation increased urinary calcium excretion by 16% (P = 0.017) but did not alter plasma parathyroid hormone or osteocalcin concentrations. Resting energy expenditure (59.9 +/- 3.0 or 59.6 +/- 3.3 kcal/h), fat oxidation (58.4 +/- 2.5 or 53.8 +/- 2.2 mg/min), plasma free fatty acid concentrations (0.63 +/- 0.02 or 0.62 +/- 0.03 mmol/L), and glycerol turnover (3.63 +/- 0.41 or 3.70 +/- 0.38 micromol . kg(-1) . min(-1)) were similar with or without calcium, respectively. SRC significantly increased free fatty acid concentrations, resting fat oxidation, and resting energy expenditure. During microdialysis, epinephrine increased dialysate glycerol concentrations by 250% without and 254% with calcium. Expression of 7 key metabolic genes in subcutaneous adipose tissue was not affected by calcium supplementation., CONCLUSION: Dairy calcium supplementation in overweight subjects with habitually low calcium intakes failed to alter fat metabolism and energy expenditure under resting conditions and during acute stimulation by caffeine or epinephrine.
Cholesterol lowering effect of a soy drink enriched with plant sterols in a French population with moderate hypercholesterolemia.; BACKGROUND: Plant sterols are an established non-pharmacological means to reduce total and LDL blood cholesterol concentrations and are therefore recommended for cholesterol management by worldwide-renown health care institutions. Their efficacy has been proven in many types of foods with the majority of trials conducted in spreads or dairy products. As an alternative to dairy products, soy based foods are common throughout the world. Yet, there is little evidence supporting the efficacy of plant sterols in soy-based foods. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of a soy drink enriched with plant sterols on blood lipid profiles in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects., METHODS: In a randomized, placebo-controlled double-blind mono-centric study, 50 subjects were assigned to 200 ml of soy drink either enriched with 2.6 g plant sterol esters (1.6 g/d free plant sterol equivalents) or without plant sterols (control) for 8 weeks. Subjects were instructed to maintain stable diet pattern and physical activity. Plasma concentrations of lipids were measured at initial visit, after 4 weeks and after 8 weeks. The primary measurement was the change in LDL cholesterol (LDL-C). Secondary measurements were changes in total cholesterol (TC), non-HDL cholesterol (non-HDL-C), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides., RESULTS: Regular consumption of the soy drink enriched with plant sterols for 8 weeks significantly reduced LDL- C by 0.29 mmol/l or 7% compared to baseline (p < 0.05). TC and non-HDL-C concentrations decreased by 0.26 mmol/l and 0.31 mmol/l (each p < 0.05), respectively. Mean reductions in total, LDL and non-HDL cholesterol were significantly greater than in the placebo group (p < 0.05). HDL-C and triglycerides were not affected. Compliance was very high (>96%), and products were well tolerated., CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of a plant sterol-enriched soy drink significantly decreased total, non-HDL and LDL cholesterol and is therefore an interesting and convenient aid in managing mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Impaired postprandial endothelial function depends on the type of fat consumed by healthy men.; Postprandial lipemia impairs endothelial function possibly via an oxidative stress mechanism. A stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol (TAG) (shea butter) results in a blunted postprandial increase in plasma TAG compared with an oleic acid-rich TAG; however, its acute effects on endothelial function and oxidative stress are unknown. A randomized crossover trial (n = 17 men) compared the effects of 50 g fat, rich in stearic acid [shea butter blend (SA)] or oleic acid [high oleic sunflower oil (HO)], on changes in endothelial function [brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD)], arterial tone [pulse wave analysis (PWA), and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV(c-f))], and oxidative stress (plasma 8-isoprostane F2alpha) at fasting and 3 h following the test meals. The postprandial increase in plasma TAG was lower (66% lower incremental area under curve) following the SA meal [28.3 (9.7, 46.9)] than after the HO meal [83.4 (57.0, 109.8); P < 0.001] (geometric means with 95% CI, arbitary units). Following the HO meal, there was a decrease in FMD [-3.0% (-4.4, -1.6); P < 0.001] and an increase in plasma 8-isoprostane F2alpha [10.4ng/L (3.8, 16.9); P = 0.005] compared with fasting values, but no changes followed the SA meal. The changes in 8-isoprostane F2alpha and FMD differed between meals and were 14.0 ng/L (6.4, 21.6; P = 0.001) and 1.75% (0.10, 3.39; P = 0.02), respectively. The reductions in PWA and PWV c-f did not differ between meals. This study demonstrates that a stearic acid-rich fat attenuates the postprandial impairment in endothelial function compared with an oleic acid-rich fat and supports the hypothesis that postprandial lipemia impairs endothelial function via an increase in oxidative stress.
Effects of replacing the habitual consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages with milk in Chilean children.; BACKGROUND: During the nutrition transition in Chile, dietary changes were marked by increased consumption of high-energy, nutrient-poor products, including sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs). Obesity is now the primary nutritional problem in posttransitional Chile., OBJECTIVE: We conducted a randomized controlled trial to examine the effects on body composition of delivering milk beverages to the homes of overweight and obese children to displace SSBs., DESIGN: We randomly assigned 98 children aged 8-10 y who regularly consumed SSBs to intervention and control groups. During a 16-wk intervention, children were instructed to drink 3 servings/d (approximately 200 g per serving) of the milk delivered to their homes and to not consume SSBs. Body composition was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Data were analyzed by multiple regression analysis according to the intention-to-treat principle., RESULTS: For the intervention group, milk consumption increased by a mean (+/- SEM) of 452.5 +/- 37.7 g/d (P < 0.0001), and consumption of SSBs decreased by -711.0 +/- 33.7 g/d (P < 0.0001). For the control group, milk consumption did not change, and consumption of SSBs increased by 71.9 +/- 33.6 g/d (P = 0.04). Changes in percentage body fat, the primary endpoint, did not differ between groups. Nevertheless, the mean (+/- SE) accretion of lean body mass was greater (P = 0.04) in the intervention (0.92 +/- 0.10 kg) than in the control (0.62 +/- 0.11 kg) group. The increase in height was also greater (P = 0.01) in the intervention group (2.50 +/- 0.21 cm) than in the control group (1.77 +/- 0.20 cm) for boys but not for girls., CONCLUSION: Replacing habitual consumption of SSBs with milk may have beneficial effects on lean body mass and growth in children, despite no changes in percentage body fat. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00149695.
Effect of oral administration of kefir on serum proinflammatory cytokines on 5-FU induced oral mucositis in patients with colorectal cancer.; In order to investigate the effect of kefir consumption on mucositis induced by 5-FU based chemotherapy (CT), we monitored the systemic immune response by measurement of the serum proinflammatory cytokine levels and we evaluated the anti-microbial effect of kefir with an agar diffusion method. Forty patients with colorectal cancer were included in this randomized prospective study. On the first 5 days of each CT cycle, the study group received oral lavage with kefir and then swallowed 250 ml of kefir while control group received oral lavage with 0.09% NaCl twice a day. Before and after every cycle of CT, the oral mucosa was assessed. Serum proinflammatory cytokine levels were evaluated before the initiation and after the third and the sixth cycle. Kefir was administered in 99 out of 205 courses. Mucositis developed in 27.3% of the courses given with kefir administration and in 21.7% of the courses given with 0.9% NaCl oral rinses. The difference between the two groups was not statistically significant (p > 0.05). When we compared the serum proinflammatory cytokine levels of the two groups at the baseline and following the third and the sixth cycles, we again found no statistically significant difference (p > 0.05). Kefir consumption at the mentioned doses made no statistically significant effect on serum proinflammatory cytokine levels and on the incidence of mucositis development in cancer patients. Under in vitro conditions, kefir inhibits only Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Probiotic yogurt for the treatment of minimal hepatic encephalopathy.; OBJECTIVES: Minimal hepatic encephalopathy (MHE), the preclinical stage of overt hepatic encephalopathy (OHE), is a significant condition affecting up to 60% of cirrhotics. All MHE therapies modify gut microflora, but consensus regarding MHE treatment and long-term adherence studies is lacking. The aim was to determine the effect of probiotic supplementation in the form of a food item, probiotic yogurt, on MHE reversal and adherence., METHODS: Nonalcoholic MHE cirrhotics (defined by a standard psychometric battery) were randomized with unblinded allocation to receive probiotic yogurt (with proven culture stability) or no treatment (no Rx) for 60 days in a 2:1 ratio. Quality of life (short form [SF]-36), adherence, venous ammonia, model of end-stage liver disease (MELD) scores, and inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor [TNF]-alpha, interleukin [IL]-6) were also measured. Outcomes were MHE reversal using blinded scoring, OHE development, and adherence., RESULTS: Twenty-five patients (17 yogurt, 8 no Rx; 84% Child class A) were enrolled. A significantly higher percentage of yogurt patients reversed MHE compared to no Rx patients (71%vs 0%, P= 0.003, intention-to-treat). Yogurt patients demonstrated a significant improvement in number connection test-A (NCT-A), block design test (BDT), and digit symbol test (DST) compared to baseline/no Rx group. Twenty-five percent of no Rx versus 0% of yogurt patients developed OHE during the trial. Eighty-eight percent of yogurt patients were adherent. No adverse effects or change in covariates were observed. All patients who completed the yogurt arm were agreeable to continue yogurt for 6 months if needed., CONCLUSIONS: This trial demonstrated a significant rate of MHE reversal and excellent adherence in cirrhotics after probiotic yogurt supplementation with potential for long-term adherence.
An oil mixture with trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid increases markers of inflammation and in vivo lipid peroxidation compared with cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid in postmenopausal women.; A mixture of trans-10, cis-12 (t10,c12) and cis-9, trans-11 (c9,t11) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA mixture) reduced atherosclerosis in animals, thus the effect of these isomers on endothelial dysfunctions leading to inflammation and atherosclerosis is of interest. We gave 75 healthy postmenopausal women a daily supplement of 5.5 g of oil rich in either CLA mixture, an oil rich in the naturally occurring c9,t11 CLA (CLA milk), respectively, or olive oil for 16 wk in a double-blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We sampled blood and urine before and after the intervention. The ratios of total cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and concentrations of C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were significantly higher in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than in those supplemented with CLA milk. Plasma triacylglycerol was significantly higher and HDL cholesterol was lower in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than with olive oil. Both CLA supplements increased lipid peroxidation, a marker of in vivo oxidative stress measured as urinary free 8-iso-prostaglandin F(2alpha). However, the CLA mixture increased lipid peroxidation more than the CLA milk did. The plasma cytokines interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha were not affected by the treatments, nor were any of the other variables measured. In conclusion, oil containing trans-10,cis-12 CLA has several adverse effects on classical and novel markers of coronary vascular disease, whereas the c9,t11 CLA isomer is more neutral, except for a small but significant increase in lipid peroxidation compared with olive oil.
The relationship between dietary protein intake and blood pressure: results from the PREMIER study.; Observational and clinical studies suggest that high protein intake, particularly protein from plant sources, might reduce blood pressure (BP). To examine the association of dietary protein with BP, we analysed data from PREMIER, an 18-month clinical trial (n=810) that examined the effects of two multi-component lifestyle modifications on BP. We examined the association of protein intake with BP, and in particular the independent relationship of plant and animal protein with BP. Multivariable linear regression analyses were performed with both cross-sectional and longitudinal data. Dietary plant protein was inversely associated with both systolic and diastolic BP in cross-sectional analyses at the 6-month follow-up (P=0.0045 and 0.0096, respectively). Fruit and vegetable intake was also inversely associated with both systolic and diastolic BP cross-sectionally at 6 months (P=0.0003 and 0.0157, respectively). In longitudinal analyses, a high intake of plant protein at 6 months was marginally associated with a reduction of both systolic and diastolic BP from baseline to 6 months only (P=0.0797 and 0.0866, respectively), independent of change in body weight and waist circumference. Furthermore, increased intake of plant protein, and fruits and vegetables was significantly associated with a lower risk of hypertension at 6 but not at 18 months. Results of this study indicate that plant protein had a beneficial effect on BP and was associated with a lower risk of hypertension at 6 months. Our data, in conjunction with other research, suggest that an increased intake of plant protein may be useful as a means to prevent and treat hypertension.
Short-term effects of a novel fat emulsion on appetite and food intake.; The objective of the study was to confirm the satiety/energy intake effect of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) versus placebo in the short term. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover design was used. 41 subjects participated in the study (n=21: junior-normal weight: age 23.7+/-2.8 years; BMI: 22.0+/-1.6 kg/m(2); n = 20: senior-overweight: age 43.6+/-4.9 years; BMI: 27.7+/-1.6 kg/m(2)). An energy intake and satiety test (with questionnaires) took place on 2 occasions, with placebo or test yoghurt as breakfast. In the junior-normal weight subjects, consumption of test yoghurt reduced hunger and desire to eat during the morning (area under curve, p<0.05) and increased the time elapsed between consumption of the yoghurt and the point at which hunger scores returned to baseline; 234+/-79 min in the test condition compared to 174+/-58 min in the placebo condition (p<0.05). No significant differences in appetite scores between the test and placebo yoghurt were seen for the senior-overweight subjects. No effect on energy intake was seen in the total group, in the junior-normal weight and senior-overweight subjects. In conclusion, the Olibra emulsion exerted a suppressive effect on the area under the curve of appetite ratings over 3 h in normal weight women aged 18 to 30 years. The Olibra emulsion did not affect subsequent energy intake in either group.
Training for perfect breastfeeding or metoclopramide: which one can promote lactation in nursing mothers?.; BACKGROUND: One of the most common complaints of nursing mothers in a few days after delivery is insufficient lactation. This is known to be partly due to the mothers' deficient knowledge of proper breastfeeding and often results in the beginning of bottlefeeding, which finally diminishes or ceases their breastfeeding. Considering the valuable effects of breastfeeding on nutritional, immunologic, and emotional aspects of infants' health, we planned this study to find out whether training of nursing mothers for breastfeeding can enhance their lactation; also, we tried to compare the effects of metoclopramide on lactation with those of training., METHODS: Throughout 2006, we consecutively enrolled 20 primipara nursing mothers who were referred to Tabriz Children's Hospital, Tabriz, Iran for counseling about prescription of infant formula as a response to their complaint of insufficient lactation during a couple of months after parturition. Only those mothers were included in this study whose newborns had failed to gain appropriate weight, determined by their age and birth weight. First, all newborns were weighed, and all mothers passed a short training course about "perfect practice of breastfeeding"; then we randomly allocated them in two equal groups of 10 mothers-one group received a metoclopramide tablet (10 mg/dose every 8 hours), and the other just placebo, both for a period of 15 days. Thereafter we weighed the newborns again and compared the two recorded weights of each infant and the average weight of the two groups with each other to assess the sufficiency of breastfeeding and effects of training and galactogogue., RESULTS: Eighteen of the 20 newborns studied (90%) showed an appropriate weight gain: 12 newborns gained 385-415 g (mean, 400 +/- 15 g), six neonates gained 270-315 g (mean, 292.5 +/- 22.5 g), but the remaining two newborns gained 150-235 g (mean, 192.5 +/- 42.5 g). Statistical analysis revealed that training of nursing mothers for perfect breastfeeding (with or without metoclopramide consumption) has a significant improving role in infants' weight gain (p < 0.001); however, there was no statistically meaningful difference between the two treatment groups (with and without administration of metoclopramide, p = 0.68)., CONCLUSIONS: Counseling nursing mothers for proper lactation before delivery and their continued training thereafter are the main clinical pathways toward a successful and sustained breastfeeding.
Effect of milk tripeptides on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; OBJECTIVE: To better understand and summarize the relation between milk peptide intake and blood pressure (BP), we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to assess the effects of the milk-derived tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline on BP in prehypertensive and hypertensive subjects., METHODS: Nine studies including 12 trials published between 1996 and 2005 with a total of 623 participants were included. Two researchers independently extracted data from the original publications. A fixed-effects model was used for meta-analysis because of the homogeneity among trials., RESULTS: Significant decreases of 4.8 mmHg (95% confidence interval 3.7-6.0) in systolic BP and 2.2 mmHg (95% confidence interval 1.3-3.1) in diastolic BP were found after the pooling of these trials. When trials were separated by BP status, hypotensive effects appeared to be larger in hypertensive subjects than in prehypertensive subjects. As a trend, the hypotensive effects became more obvious as the intervention lengthened., CONCLUSION: Our analysis provided evidence that milk-derived tripeptides have hypotensive effects in prehypertensive and hypertensive subjects.
The effect of meal replacements high in glycomacropeptide on weight loss and markers of cardiovascular disease risk.; BACKGROUND: Glycomacropeptide (GMP) is a peptide that has been shown to stimulate release of cholecystokinin, which may promote satiety., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this one-year study was to examine whether greater weight loss could be achieved and sustained with a GMP-enriched whey powder supplement compared with a skim milk powder supplement., DESIGN: In a double-blind, randomized, parallel-design study using meal replacements, weight, body composition (determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose, and insulin were measured at baseline, 6, and 12 mo. Meal replacements contained 15 g protein from GMP-enriched whey protein isolate (GMP-WPI) or skim milk powder (SMP) and 900 kJ/sachet. Volunteers consumed 2 sachets/d instead of 2 meals for 6 mo and 1 sachet/d for a further 6 mo. Of the 127 participants (95 women, 32 men, 95.5 +/- 15.4 kg, body mass index 33.4 +/- 3.4 kg/m(2), 50.0 +/- 12.4 y), 82 completed the 6-mo study and 72 of those completed the 12-mo study., RESULTS: At 6 mo, weight loss was 9.5 +/- 5.8 kg compared with 11.0 +/- 6.0, GMP-WPI and SMP, respectively, and 9.9 +/- 8.8 kg compared with 10.8 +/- 7.4 GMP-WPI and SMP, respectively, at 12 mo (P < 0.001 compared with baseline, at both timepoints) with no differences between treatments. Total and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, glucose, insulin, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased at 6 and 12 mo (all P < 0.01 compared with baseline with no difference between treatments). HDL cholesterol increased at 12 mo (P < 0.001 compared with baseline)., CONCLUSIONS: Meal replacements containing GMP had no additional effect on the overall sustained 12-mo weight loss of 10 kg. There were improvements in cardiovascular disease risk markers.
A diet high in protein, dairy, and calcium attenuates bone loss over twelve months of weight loss and maintenance relative to a conventional high-carbohydrate diet in adults.; Weight loss causes bone mineral loss. Higher protein diets continue to be criticized for further potential harmful bone effects, including elevated urinary calcium, but may promote bone health if protein sources include dairy. Overweight middle-aged subjects (n = 130, 59 males) were randomized to a diet providing 1.4 g.kg(-1). d(-1) protein and 3 daily servings of dairy (PRO) or 0.8 g.kg(-1). d(-1) protein and 2 daily servings of dairy (CARB) for 4 mo of weight loss plus 8 mo of weight maintenance. Diets prescribed 6276 kJ/d for females and 7113 kJ/d for males. Bone mineral content and density (BMD) for whole body (WB), lumbar spine (LS) and total hip (TH) were measured using dual X-ray absorptiometry, and dietary intake using 3-d weighed food records. Urinary calcium was measured using 24-h collection at 0 and 8 mo for a subsample (n = 42). Participants lost body weight (mean, 95% CI) of 8.2% (7.5-8.9%) at 4 mo, 10.6% (9.5-11.8%) at 8 mo, and 10.5% (8.9-12.0%) at 12 mo without differences between groups at any time (P = 0.64). At 12 mo, PRO BMD was higher by 1.6% (0.3-3.0%) at WB, 2.1% (0.6-3.7%) at LS, and 1.4% (0.2-2.5%) at TH compared with CARB. PRO calcium intake was higher (PRO: 1140 +/- 58 mg/d, CARB: 766 +/- 46; P < 0.01), as was urinary calcium (PRO: 163 +/- 15 mg/d, CARB: 100 +/- 9.2; P < 0.01). A reduced-energy diet supplying 1.4 g.kg(-1). d(-1) protein and 3 dairy servings increased urinary calcium excretion but provided improved calcium intake and attenuated bone loss over 4 mo of weight loss and 8 additional mo of weight maintenance.
Dairy products, polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and colorectal adenoma recurrence.; Vitamin D receptor (VDR) activation inhibits proliferation and angiogenesis in the colorectal epithelium, and inhibits metastasis of colorectal tumors. Polymorphisms in the VDR gene alter receptor cellular levels and functioning, and may confer altered susceptibility to colorectal neoplasia. We aimed to investigate the influence of VDR polymorphisms and dietary factors impacting on vitamin D metabolism on colorectal adenoma (CRA) recurrence. Data on dietary intakes of calcium, vitamin D and dairy products were collected from 853 participants in the United Kingdom Colorectal Adenoma Prevention trial, a randomized trial of aspirin and folate for CRA recurrence prevention. The VDR Cdx2, FokI, BsmI, ApaI and TaqI polymorphisms were genotyped in 546 participants with available DNA, and gene-diet interaction analyses performed in 480. Dairy product intake was inversely related to CRA recurrence risk independent of calcium and vitamin D [relative risk (RR) = 0.64; 95% confidence intervals (CIs): 0.47-0.88, for subjects in the highest compared to lowest intake tertile, p(trend) = 0.005]. Milk accounted for 60% of dairy product intake, and on analysis of milk and nonmilk dairy products separately recurrence risk in individuals in the highest tertile of milk intake was half that of lowest tertile individuals (RR = 0.52; 95% CI: 0.38-0.72, p(trend) = 3.2 x 10(-5)), whereas nonmilk dairy products did not influence recurrence. VDR polymorphism genotypes and haplotypes did not directly alter recurrence risk, but the reduction in risk associated with high dairy product intake was confined to individuals with ApaI aA/AA genotype (p(interaction) = 0.02). These findings indicate dairy products, and in particular milk, have chemopreventive activity against CRA recurrence.
Probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics.; According to the German definition, probiotics are defined viable microorganisms, sufficient amounts of which reach the intestine in an active state and thus exert positive health effects. Numerous probiotic microorganisms (e.g. Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG, L. reuteri, bifidobacteria and certain strains of L. casei or the L. acidophilus-group) are used in probiotic food, particularly fermented milk products, or have been investigated--as well as Escherichia coli strain Nissle 1917, certain enterococci (Enterococcus faecium SF68) and the probiotic yeast Saccharomyces boulardii--with regard to their medicinal use. Among the numerous purported health benefits attributed to probiotic bacteria, the (transient) modulation of the intestinal microflora of the host and the capacity to interact with the immune system directly or mediated by the autochthonous microflora, are basic mechanisms. They are supported by an increasing number of in vitro and in vivo experiments using conventional and molecular biologic methods. In addition to these, a limited number of randomized, well-controlled human intervention trials have been reported. Well-established probiotic effects are: 1. Prevention and/or reduction of duration and complaints of rotavirus-induced or antibiotic-associated diarrhea as well as alleviation of complaints due to lactose intolerance. 2. Reduction of the concentration of cancer-promoting enzymes and/or putrefactive (bacterial) metabolites in the gut. 3. Prevention and alleviation of unspecific and irregular complaints of the gastrointestinal tracts in healthy people. 4. Beneficial effects on microbial aberrancies, inflammation and other complaints in connection with: inflammatory diseases of the gastrointestinal tract, Helicobacter pylori infection or bacterial overgrowth. 5. Normalization of passing stool and stool consistency in subjects suffering from obstipation or an irritable colon. 6. Prevention or alleviation of allergies and atopic diseases in infants. 7. Prevention of respiratory tract infections (common cold, influenza) and other infectious diseases as well as treatment of urogenital infections. Insufficient or at most preliminary evidence exists with respect to cancer prevention, a so-called hypocholesterolemic effect, improvement of the mouth flora and caries prevention or prevention or therapy of ischemic heart diseases or amelioration of autoimmune diseases (e.g. arthritis). A prebiotic is "a selectively fermented ingredient that allows specific changes, both in the composition and/or activity in the gastrointestinal microflora that confers benefits upon host well being and health", whereas synergistic combinations of pro- and prebiotics are called synbiotics. Today, only bifidogenic, non-digestible oligosaccharides (particularly inulin, its hydrolysis product oligofructose, and (trans)galactooligosaccharides), fulfill all the criteria for prebiotic classification. They are dietary fibers with a well-established positive impact on the intestinal microflora. Other health effects of prebiotics (prevention of diarrhoea or obstipation, modulation of the metabolism of the intestinal flora, cancer prevention, positive effects on lipid metabolism, stimulation of mineral adsorption and immunomodulatory properties) are indirect, i.e. mediated by the intestinal microflora, and therefore less-well proven. In the last years, successful attempts have been reported to make infant formula more breast milk-like by the addition of fructo- and (primarily) galactooligosaccharides.
NMR analysis of lipoprotein particle size does not increase sensitivity to the effect of soy protein on CVD risk when compared with the traditional lipid profile.; The traditional lipid profile compared with nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) may underestimate the risk for cardiovascular disease and may explain some of the discrepancies in results between studies analyzing the salubrious effects of soy. Our purpose was to compare the traditional lipid profile with NMR quantification of the number of lipoprotein particles, subclasses, and diameters or sizes in 30 sedentary males, between 18 and 30 years of age, consuming 1 of the following 3 supplements daily for 28 days: milk protein (Milk), isoflavone-poor soy protein (Soy-), or isoflavone-rich soy protein (Soy+). The study used a double-blind, parallel-arm design with random assignment to 1 of the 3 protein supplement groups. Fasting EDTA blood samples were collected at baseline and after 28 days of supplementation and analyzed for the number and size of very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) particles, respectively. Fasting serum samples were analyzed for concentrations of total cholesterol (TC), LDL cholesterol (LDL-C), total HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), HDL(2)-C, HDL(3)-C, triglycerides (TGs), free fatty acids (FFAs), and glucose. Fasting heparin blood samples were collected at baseline and after supplementation and analyzed for apolipoproteins A-I, A-II, B, C-II, C-III, and E, as well as hepatic and lipoprotein lipase concentrations. HDL3-C increased by 47.2% after Soy+ supplementation and hepatic lipase decreased 19.2% after Soy- supplementation (p < 0.05). HDL-C and apolipoproteins A-I and A-II were found to increase in all 3 groups (p < 0.05). Results support that NMR analysis of lipoprotein particle number and size are not more sensitive to the effect of soy protein on CVD risk compared with the traditional lipid profile. Furthermore, the lack of isoflavones in soy protein seems to have a deleterious effect on hepatic lipase.
Dairy and weight loss hypothesis: an evaluation of the clinical trials.; This review evaluates evidence from clinical trials that assessed the effect of dairy product or calcium intake, with or without concomitant energy restriction, on body weight and adiposity. Of 49 randomized trials assessing the effect of dairy products or calcium supplementation on body weight, 41 showed no effect, two demonstrated weight gain, one showed a lower rate of gain, and five showed weight loss. Four of 24 trials report differential fat loss. Consequently, the majority of the current evidence from clinical trials does not support the hypothesis that calcium or dairy consumption aids in weight or fat loss.
Feeding strategies in the ELBW infant.; Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) remains a common emergency that carries high morbidity and mortality for extremely low birth weight infants. To date there have been no multicenter randomized controlled trials to evaluate different feeding strategies and NEC. Clinicians must weigh their experience against small amounts of data in deciding the best way to feed their patients. Currently published feeding protocols and evidence for the same will be reviewed. Also reviewed is the evidence for use of human milk, initiation and advancement of feedings, and the use of probiotics.
Phase 1 study of topical perillyl alcohol cream for chemoprevention of skin cancer.; Perillyl alcohol (POH) is a natural product derived from plants such as cherry and lavendin. Previous studies have indicated that topical POH inhibits ultraviolet (UV) B-induced skin carcinogenesis in vivo, and it may be an effective chemopreventive agent for skin cancer. We performed a 1-mo, first-in-man, Phase 1 trial of topically administered POH cream in human subjects. Endpoints included safety and evaluation of any histopathological changes in skin after 1 mo use of POH cream. We randomized 25 subjects with normal, healthy skin with little or no sun damage and no history of skin cancer in a double-blind fashion to receive topical POH (0.76% wt/wt) on 1 forearm with placebo cream applied to the other forearm twice daily for 30 days. Subjects were monitored for toxicity, and a 4 mm punch biopsy in the treated area was performed at the end of study for histopathological evaluation. The topical cream was well tolerated. No serious cutaneous toxicities, systemic toxicities, or histopathological abnormalities were observed. A total of 8 subjects (32%) reported mild adverse events possibly or probably related to use of cream including reversible appearance of 1 to 2 small papules. However, there was no significant difference between lesions appearing on the POH treated forearm vs. the placebo-treated forearm.
Effects of soy protein isolate consumption on prostate cancer biomarkers in men with HGPIN, ASAP, and low-grade prostate cancer.; Fifty-eight men at high risk of prostate cancer or with low-grade prostate cancer were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 protein isolates containing 40 g protein: 1) soy protein (SPI+, 107 mg isoflavones/d); 2) alcohol-washed soy protein (SPI-, <6 mg isoflavones/d); or 3) milk protein (MPI). Proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), epidermal growth factor receptor, B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma-2 (Bcl-2), and Bcl-2-associated X protein (Bax) were assessed in baseline and ending prostate biopsy cores. Serum collected at 0, 3, and 6 mo was analyzed for total and free prostate specific antigen (PSA). Consumption of SPI+ did not alter any of the prostate cancer tumor markers. Bax expression decreased from baseline in the SPI- group, resulting in lower Bax expression than the MPI group. PCNA expression also decreased from baseline in the SPI- group, but this was not different from the other 2 groups. PSA did not differ among the groups at 3 or 6 mo. Interestingly, a lower rate of prostate cancer developed in the soy groups compared to the milk group (P = 0.01). These data suggest that 6-mo SPI+ consumption does not alter prostate tissue biomarkers, SPI- consumption exerts mixed effects, and less prostate cancer is detected after 6 mo of soy consumption regardless of isoflavone content.
Calcium and dairy product modulation of lipid utilization and energy expenditure.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the impact of dietary calcium or dairy product intake on total energy expenditure (TEE), fat oxidation, and thermic effect of a meal (TEM) during a weight loss trial., METHODS AND PROCEDURES: The intervention included a prescribed 500-kcal deficit diet in a randomized placebo-controlled calcium or dairy product intervention employing twenty-four 18 to 31-year-old (22.2+/-3.1 years, mean +/- s.d.) overweight women (75.5+/-9.6 kg). TEM and fat oxidation were measured using respiratory gas exchange after a meal challenge, and TEE was measured by doubly labeled water. Fat mass (FM) and lean mass (fat-free mass (FFM)) were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Subjects were randomized into one of these three intervention groups: (i) placebo (<800 mg/day calcium intake); (ii) 900 mg/day calcium supplement; (iii) three servings of dairy products/day to achieve an additional 900 mg/day., RESULTS: There were no group effects observed in change in TEE; however, a group effect was observed for fat oxidation after adjusting for FFM (P=0.02). The treatment effect was due to an increase in fat oxidation in the calcium-supplemented group of 1.5+/-0.6 g/h, P=0.02. Baseline 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) was positively correlated with TEM (R=0.31, P=0.004), and trended toward a correlation with fat oxidation (P=0.06), independent of group assignment. Finally, the change in log parathyroid hormone (PTH) was positively correlated with the change in trunk FM (R=0.27, P=0.03)., DISCUSSION: These results support that calcium intake increases fat oxidation, but does not change TEE and that adequate vitamin D status may enhance TEM and fat oxidation.
Effects of alpha-lactalbumin-enriched formula containing different concentrations of glycomacropeptide on infant nutrition.; BACKGROUND: Formula-fed infants have growth and plasma amino acid patterns different from those of breastfed infants., OBJECTIVE: alpha-Lactalbumin is a major protein in human milk, and the addition of bovine alpha-lactalbumin to infant formula has been proposed to modify the plasma amino acid pattern of the recipient infant, possibly allowing a reduction in the protein content of the formula, which may affect growth., DESIGN: We compared breastfed infants and infants fed standard formula or alpha-lactalbumin-enriched formulas (25% of protein) with glycomacropeptide accounting for 15% or 10% of the protein. The protein content of each formula was 13.1 g/L. Ninety-six infants aged 6 +/- 2 wk were recruited. Anthropometric measures were recorded, and interviews were conducted at enrollment and monthly until 6 mo of age. Blood samples were collected at enrollment and at 4 and 6 mo., RESULTS: Formula intake did not differ between groups, and weight gain in the alpha-lactalbumin-enriched formula groups were similar to that of the breastfed infants. The standard formula group gained significantly more weight than did the breastfed infants. All formula-fed infants had significantly higher plasma concentrations of most essential amino acids at 4 and 6 mo than did the breastfed infants, and serum urea nitrogen was also higher in the formula-fed infants. Insulin and leptin concentrations did not differ between groups., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with standard formula-fed infants, infants fed formula with a modified protein composition had growth patterns more similar to those of breastfed infants. All formula-fed groups had plasma amino acid concentrations similar to or higher than those of breastfed infants. This indicates that the protein content of alpha-lactalbumin-enriched formula can be further reduced, which should be evaluated.
Growth and nutrient intakes of human milk-fed preterm infants provided with extra energy and nutrients after hospital discharge.; OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this pilot study was to determine whether mixing a multinutrient fortifier to approximately one half of the human milk fed each day for a finite period after discharge improves the nutrient intake and growth of predominantly human milk-fed low birth weight infants. We also assessed the impact of this intervention on the exclusivity of human milk feeding., METHODS: Human milk-fed (> or = 80% feeding per day) low birth weight (750-1800 g) infants (n = 39) were randomly assigned at hospital discharge to either a control or an intervention group. Infants in the control group were discharged from the hospital on unfortified human milk. Nutrient enrichment of human milk in the intervention group was achieved by mixing approximately one half of the human milk provided each day with a powdered multinutrient human milk fortifier for 12 weeks after discharge. Milk with added nutrients was estimated to contain approximately 80 kcal (336 kJ) and 2.2 g protein/100 mL plus other nutrients. Intensive lactation support was provided to both groups., RESULTS: Infants in the intervention group were longer during the study period, and those born < or = 1250 g had larger head circumferences than infants in the control group. There was a trend toward infants in the intervention group to be heavier at the end of the intervention compared with those in the control group. Mean protein, zinc, calcium, phosphorus, and vitamins A and D intakes were higher in the intervention group., CONCLUSIONS: Results from this study suggest that adding a multinutrient fortifier to approximately one half of the milk provided to predominantly human milk-fed infants for 12 weeks after hospital discharge may be an effective strategy in addressing early discharge nutrient deficits and poor growth without unduly influencing human milk feeding when intensive lactation support is provided.
The efficacy of a clinic-based behavioral nutrition intervention emphasizing a DASH-type diet for adolescents with elevated blood pressure.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the efficacy of a 3-month clinic-based behavioral nutrition intervention emphasizing a diet high in fruits, vegetables, and low fat dairy (DASH intervention) versus routine outpatient hospital-based nutrition care (RC) on diet and blood pressure (BP) in adolescents with elevated BP., STUDY DESIGN: Fifty-seven adolescents with a clinical diagnosis of prehypertension or hypertension (systolic BP or diastolic BP, 90(th) to 99(th) percentile) were randomly assigned to DASH or RC. SBP, DBP, 3-day diet recall, weight, and height were assessed at pretreatment, post-treatment, and 3 months later (follow-up)., RESULTS: In completer analysis, DASH versus RC had a greater decrease in SBP z scores from baseline to post-treatment (P < 0.01) and a trend for a greater decrease in SBP z scores from baseline through follow-up (P = .07). DBP z scores changed similarly for conditions from baseline through follow-up. Relative to RC, DASH had a greater increase in intake of fruits (P < .001), potassium and magnesium (P < .01), and a greater decrease in total fat (P < .05) from baseline to post-treatment. From baseline through follow-up, DASH versus RC had a greater increase in low fat dairy (P < .001)., CONCLUSIONS: The DASH intervention proved more effective than RC in improving SBP and diet quality in adolescents with elevated BP.
Unpasteurized milk consumption and subsequent risk of cancer.; Concerns have been raised regarding the possible adverse health effects of consumption of unpasteurized milk and risk of cancer. We examined the association of self-reported intake of unpasteurized milk with subsequent risk of cancer in a large population-based cohort study. The Iowa Women's Health Study is a prospective cohort study of 55-69 year old women at baseline in 1986. Of the 41,836 women in the cohort at baseline, 22,808 cancer-free women completed the fourth follow-up questionnaire in 1997. Risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using Cox proportional hazards regression analysis. Reported intake of unpasteurized milk was high: 59.2% consumed only as a child, 2.5% consumed only as an adult, and 16.5% consumed as a child and an adult. A total of 2,379 cancers were identified in the cohort at risk. Overall, the age-adjusted risk of cancer was lower among women who reported consumption of unpasteurized milk only as a child (RR = 0.90, 95% CI: 0.82-0.99) or as a child and an adult (RR = 0.85; 95% CI: 0.75-0.97). Adjustment for confounding factors attenuated these associations (RR = 0.92, 95% CI: 0.83-1.02 for consumption only as a child, and RR = 0.91; 95% CI: 0.79-1.04 for consumption as a child and an adult). These data suggest that consumption of unpasteurized milk does not increase risk of cancer.
A randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled, split-face study with pimecrolimus cream 1% for papulopustular rosacea.; BACKGROUND: Rosacea is a common inflammatory skin disorder for which the pathogenesis is unclear. Currently, there is no cure for rosacea, and it seems that standard therapies have focused mainly on minimizing inflammation., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study is to investigate the potential efficacy, tolerability and safety profile of 1% pimecrolimus cream for the treatment of rosacea., METHODS: Twenty-five patients with papulopustular rosacea were enrolled to a randomized, single-blinded, placebo-controlled, split-face trial of pimecrolimus cream 1% consisting 4 week treatment and 2 week follow-up period. The patients were instructed to apply first the 'left side cream' labelled placebo cream (Ultrabase cream, Intendis GmbH, Berlin, Germany) to the left hemi-face then the 'right side cream' labelled 1% pimecrolimus cream (Elidel; Novartis Pharma, Nuremberg, Germany) to the right hemi-face, twice daily. They were informed to apply a standard amount of each cream with the fingertip-unit and not allowed to use any other agent concomittantly other than sunblock. Clinical evaluation and subjective severity assessment were obtained along with photographic documentation at baseline, first, second, and fourth weeks of the therapy and at the follow-up visit. Rosacea severity score for each sign of erythema, papules, pustules, oedema, and telengiectesia were graded from 0 to 3. Patients were questioned for the subjective symptoms, overall improvement on appearance and side-effects., RESULTS: Twenty-four patients completed the study with an exceptional compliance and tolerable safety profile. One patient withdrew from the study due to severe flare-up reaction affecting both hemi-faces. The mean baseline total rosacea severity scores were 5.06 + 1.29 for both sides and reduced to 2.5 +/- 1.06 vs. 3.25 +/- 1.24 on pimecrolimus vs. placebo applied sides without the significance (P = 0.06). There was not any significant difference concerning each rosacea sign scores and total rosacea severity scores except for the significant improvement in erythema score and total rosacea severity score obtained on the pimecrolimus-applied hemi-face at 2nd week of therapy (P =0.01 and P = 0.03, respectively). The reduction rates of the mean subjective severity scores at 4th week were 49.77% vs. 38.89% for pimecrolimus vs. placebo, respectively, without a statistical significance (P = 0.15). Subjective symptoms responded well in 54.16% of patients concerning pimecrolimus application compared with 12.50% for the placebo application. The side-effects were mostly transient local irritations., CONCLUSION: Our data implicated that pimecrolimus cream is not superior to placebo except for its efficacy on erythema. We believe that pimecrolimus cream can be a treatment option for rosacea patients with high erythema score for whom an initial accelerated improvement is needed. We believe further studies with topical pimecrolimus cream on larger study groups with different subtypes and severity of rosacea will clarify the potential effect of pimecrolimus cream for the treatment of rosacea.
Study of the effect of trans fatty acids from ruminants on blood lipids and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: The intake of trans fatty acids (TFA) from industrially hydrogenated vegetable oils (iTFA) is known to have a deleterious effect on cardiovascular health, the effects of TFA from ruminants (rTFA) are virtually unknown., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the present study was to compare the effects of rTFA and iTFA on plasma LDL concentrations and other cardiovascular disease risk factors in healthy subjects., DESIGN: In a double-blind, randomized crossover controlled study, 38 healthy men were fed each of 4 experimental isoenergetic diets lasting 4 wk each. The 4 diets were high in rTFA (10.2 g/2500 kcal), moderate in rTFA (4.2 g/2500 kcal), high in iTFA (10.2 g/2500 kcal), and low in TFA from any source (2.2 g/2500 kcal) (control diet)., RESULTS: Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly higher after the high- rTFA diet than after the control (P = 0.03) or the moderate- rTFA (P = 0.002) diet. Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations also were significantly (P = 0.02) higher after the iTFA diet than after the moderate-rTFA diet. Plasma HDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly (P = 0.02) lower after the high-rTFA diet than after the moderate-rTFA diet. Finally, all risk factors were comparable between the control and the moderate-rTFA diets., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that, whereas a high dietary intake of TFA from ruminants may adversely affect cholesterol homeostasis, moderate intakes of rTFA that are well above the upper limit of current human consumption have neutral effects on plasma lipids and other cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Do trans fatty acids from industrially produced sources and from natural sources have the same effect on cardiovascular disease risk factors in healthy subjects? Results of the trans Fatty Acids Collaboration (TRANSFACT) study.; BACKGROUND: The consumption of monounsaturated trans fatty acids (TFAs) increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Putative differences between the effects of TFAs from industrially produced and natural sources on CVD risk markers were not previously investigated in healthy subjects., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare the effects of TFAs from industrially produced and natural sources on HDL and LDL cholesterol, lipoprotein particle size and distribution, apolipoproteins, and other lipids in healthy subjects., DESIGN: In a randomized, double-blind, controlled, crossover design, 46 healthy subjects (22 men and 24 women) consumed food items containing TFAs (11-12 g/d, representing approximately 5% of daily energy) from the 2 sources., RESULTS: Forty subjects (19 men and 21 women) completed the study. Compared with TFAs from industrially produced sources, TFAs from natural sources significantly (P = 0.012) increased HDL cholesterol in women but not in men. Significant (P = 0.001) increases in LDL-cholesterol concentrations were observed in women, but not in men, after the consumption of TFAs from natural sources. Apolipoprotein (apo)B and apoA1 concentrations confirmed the changes observed in LDL and HDL cholesterol. Analysis of lipoprotein subclass showed that only large HDL and LDL concentrations were modified by TFAs from natural sources but not by those from industrially produced sources., CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that TFAs from industrially produced and from natural sources have different effects on CVD risk factors in women. The HDL cholesterol-lowering property of TFAs seems to be specific to industrial sources. However, it is difficult in the present study to draw a conclusion about the effect of TFAs from either source on absolute CVD risk in these normolipidemic subjects. The mechanism underlying the observed sex- and isomer-specific effects warrants further investigation.
A diet rich in conjugated linoleic acid and butter increases lipid peroxidation but does not affect atherosclerotic, inflammatory, or diabetic risk markers in healthy young men.; Intake of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been demonstrated to beneficially affect risk markers of atherosclerosis and diabetes in rats. CLA is naturally found in milk fat, especially from cows fed a diet high in oleic acid, and increased CLA intake can occur concomitantly with increased milk fat intake. Our objective was to investigate the effect of CLA as part of a diet rich in butter as a source of milk fat on risk markers of atherosclerosis, inflammation, diabetes type II, and lipid peroxidation. A total of 38 healthy young men were given a diet with 115 g/d of CLA-rich fat (5.5 g/d CLA oil, a mixture of 39.4% cis9, trans11 and 38.5% trans10, cis12) or of control fat with a low content of CLA in a 5-wk double-blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We collected blood and urine before and after the intervention. The fatty acid composition of plasma triacylglycerol, cholesterol esters, and phospholipids reflected that of the intervention diets. The CLA diet resulted in increased lipid peroxidation measured as an 83% higher 8-iso-prostaglandin F2alpha concentration compared with the control, P < 0.0001. We observed no other significant differences in the effect of the interventions diets. In conclusion, when given as part of a diet rich in butter, a mixture of CLA isomers increased lipid peroxidation but did not affect risk markers of cardiovascular disease, inflammation, or fasting insulin and glucose concentrations.
Plant stanol ester consumption and arterial elasticity and endothelial function.; We evaluated whether plant stanol esters mixed with different vegetable oil spreads improved arterial health. A total of 200 adults with serum cholesterol >5 mmol/l were randomised to consume camelina, rapeseed or sunflower oil spread with stanol (2 g/d) ester or sunflower oil spread without stanol ester (controls) for 3 months. Non-invasive ultrasound was used to measure carotid artery compliance (CAC) and brachial artery flow-mediated endothelial dependent vasodilatation (FMD) at baseline and after the intervention as markers of arterial health. Plant stanol esters reduced LDL-cholesterol by 9 % compared with controls (P < 0.001) similarly in the different treatment groups. In the combined treatment groups (n 147), CAC or FMD were not changed from controls (n 47). In a subgroup analysis, division of subjects at baseline into below and over sex-specific 50th percentiles of CAC and FMD revealed that low CAC was improved from 1.23 to 1.59 % per 10 mmHg in the treatment group (n 69), and from 1.42 to 1.47 % per 10 mmHg in controls (n 25), (P = 0.0035 between groups). Low FMD was improved from 6.9 % to 8.6 % in the treatment group (n 73) and from 6.6 % to 6.8 % in controls (n 24) (P = 0.05 between groups). In the respective high-median groups, CAC and FMD were not changed in spite of significantly lowered LDL-cholesterol. In conclusion, consumption of plant stanol ester for 3 months had no overall significant effect on arterial elasticity and endothelial function. A controlled study is needed to test whether beneficial changes are obtained in subjects with initially reduced arterial elasticity and endothelial function.
Environmental risk factors in prediction of childhood prediabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The damage of beta cells occurs during the asymptomatic prodromal period called prediabetes before onset of diabetes mellitus. It is characterized by the presence of islet cell autoantibodies (ICAs). The aim of this study was to find out what environmental factors predict ICA seroconversion in healthy schoolchildren in Lithuania., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Sera from 3053 nondiabetic schoolchildren living in Lithuania were investigated for ICAs. ICAs were measured in undiluted sera by indirect immunofluorescence method. All ICA-positive and randomly selected ICA-negative children were invited to participate in the study. Response rate in the families of ICA-positive children was 100% and in ICA-negative-76.5%. Data from 13 ICA-positive and 199 ICA-negative schoolchildren were included in the analysis. Information on the environmental factors was collected via questionnaires., RESULTS: Proportions of breastfed children were similar in ICA-positive and ICA-negative schoolchildren. Full cow's milk was introduced at one month of age or earlier more often in ICA-positive than ICA-negative schoolchildren (8.3% and 1.1%, respectively; P=0.05). Cereal before 3 months of age was introduced more often in ICA-positive than ICA-negative schoolchildren (7.7% and 0.5%, respectively; P=0.01). The mothers of cases took medicine during pregnancy more often than mothers of controls did (61.5% and 14.1%, respectively; P<0.001). More than half (53.8%) of ICA-positive children lived in homes where family members were smoking indoors, while this was recorded only for 26.6% of controls (P=0.04)., CONCLUSIONS: Early introduction of cow's milk and cereal, the intake of medicine during pregnancy, and indoor smoking of family members are risk factors that predict the development of prediabetes among Lithuanian children.
Change in fatty acid composition of serum lipids in obese females after short-term weight-reducing regimen with the addition of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in comparison to controls.; Short-term weight-reducing regimens were shown to influence fatty acid composition of serum lipids unfavorably. Adding long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC PUFA) to a low-calorie diet (LCD) could avoid these changes. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of a short-term in-patient weight-reducing regimen including LCD with yogurt enriched by low doses of n-3 PUFA (n-3 LCD). The enriched yogurt contained 790 mg of fish oil, predominantly eicosapentaenoic (20:5n-3; EPA) and docosahexaenoic (22:6n-3; DHA). Forty obese women were randomly assigned to the group consuming LCD and joghurt either with or without n-3 enrichment. Following the 3-week diet in the n-3 LCD group a significantly higher increase in the proportion of n-3 LC PUFA (sum of n-3 FA, EPA and DHA) in serum lipids was confirmed. In phospholipids (PL) a significant difference in the sum of n-6 fatty acids was found, a decrease in the n-3 LCD group and an increase in LCD group. Significantly higher increase in the PL palmitate (16:0) was shown in the LCD group. The results suggest that low doses of n-3 fatty acid enrichment can help to avoid unfavorable changes in fatty acid composition in serum lipids after a short-term weight-reducing regimen.
Improving head growth in very preterm infants--a randomised controlled trial I: neonatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Infants born very preterm are at an increased risk of poor growth in the post-natal period. Poor brain growth in this critical period may result from inadequate nutrition, and has long-term effects on neurodevelopmental outcome., AIMS: To examine the feasibility of providing macronutrients at amounts above current recommendations (hyperalimentation) to improve nutrition and head growth in preterm infants., METHODS: 142 infants <29 weeks' gestation were randomised to hyperalimented or standard parenteral and enteral nutrition. Growth was monitored from birth to 36 weeks' postmenstrual age (PMA). The primary outcome measure was occipitofrontal circumference (OFC) at 36 weeks' PMA., RESULTS: 55 infants in the intervention group and 59 infants in the control group survived to 36 weeks' PMA. 11 (16%) infants in the intervention group and 13 (18%) infants in the control group were small for gestational age (SGA). There was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in the primary outcome measure or other growth variables. Babies in the intervention group received significantly more energy and protein, but 80% were still in a cumulative protein/energy deficit at the end of 4 weeks. 20 (24%, p = 0.008) of those in deficit at 4 weeks had an OFC of more than 2 SD below the mean at 36 weeks' PMA, as opposed to none of those not in deficit., CONCLUSION: Cumulative energy/protein deficit is predictive of poor head growth, but the delivery of adequate intakes remains a challenge in the preterm.
Imiquimod for treatment of vulvar and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia.; We searched PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, LILACS, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases to assess the effectiveness and safety of 5% imiquimod cream in the treatment of vulvar and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia. From the results of the 17 relevant articles identified (1 reported on a randomized controlled trial, 10 reported on case series, and 6 were case reports), 26% to 100% of patients had complete regression, 0% to 60% had partial regression, and 0% to 37% experienced recurrence. The most common adverse events were local burning and soreness, but not severe enough for patients to discontinue treatment. From these reports imiquimod treatment leads to complete response in a considerable percentage of patients, and those who experience partial response will require less extensive excision. Treating vulvar and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia with 5% imiquimod cream therefore appears to be promising.
The early use of minimal enteral nutrition in extremely low birth weight newborns.; OBJECTIVE: To gather information regarding the efficacy of early minimal enteral nutrition on overall feeding tolerance in extremely low birth weight infants., STUDY DESIGN: Prospective randomized controlled trial comparing the early use of minimal enteral nutrition in extremely low birth weight infants from day 2 to day 7 vs control infants. On day 8, feeding volume in both groups were advanced by 10 ml kg(-1) day(-1) until full enteral feedings were reached. Time to full feeds, number of intolerance episodes, anthropometric measurements, peak total bilirubin levels, incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis and incidence of sepsis were compared between the two groups with t-test and chi (2) test., RESULT: Eighty-four infants were enrolled in the study but only 61 infants completed the feeding protocol. No statistically significant differences were found between the groups with regards to growth patterns, feeding tolerance, mortality, length of hospital stay and incidence of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis., CONCLUSION: Early minimal enteral nutrition use in extremely low birth weight infants did not improve feeding tolerance.
Association of vitamin D related information from a telephone interview with 25-hydroxyvitamin D.; Vitamin D may be associated with reduced risks of several types of cancer, including colon, prostate, and breast. We examined the relationship between vitamin D-related questions administered in a telephone interview and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D]. Three hundred and eight eligible women were randomly selected from controls in a breast cancer case-control study. Questions pertaining to sun exposure and dietary sources of vitamin D over the previous 4 weeks were asked in both summer and winter. We assessed the association between questionnaire-derived items and 25(OH)D using multiple linear regression. There were 217 participating women, 203 in summer and 213 in winter. Models were adjusted for age, body mass index, and skin color. Number of days when more than 0.5 hour was spent outdoors per week ("7" versus "<7" beta = 11.12; P = 0.01), limb coverage ("no" beta = 24.90 and "partial" beta = 8.15 versus "yes"; P = 0.0001), and milk intake (glasses/wk; ">10" beta = 18.94, ">5-10" beta = 9.16, and "1-5" beta = 7.90 versus "<1"; P = 0.02) best predicted 25(OH)D in the summer. The best predictors in the winter were sunlamp use ("yes" beta = 27.97 versus "no"; P = 0.01), milk intake (glasses/wk; ">10" beta = 14.54, ">5-10" beta = 11.54, and "1-5" beta = 2.15 versus "<1"; P = 0.01), and vitamin D-containing supplements ("high" beta = 17.30 and "moderate" beta = 13.82 versus "none"; P = 0.0006). The R(2) was 0.29 for the summer model and was 0.21 for the winter model. Overall, there was evidence to suggest that questions designed to assess vitamin D exposure were in fact related to serum 25(OH)D.
Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk enhances the attainment of LDL-cholesterol goal in hypercholesterolemic subjects.; BACKGROUND: The number of hypercholesterolemic individuals who do not meet their cholesterol recommended targets is inappropriately high. The use of plant sterol-enriched foods could help in this clinical setting., AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the efficacy and side effects of plant sterol-enriched fermented milk in reducing LDL-cholesterol and increasing the number of patients who attain their therapeutic targets., METHODS: This was a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel clinical trial. Eighty-three hypercholesterolemic patients that were not at therapeutic goals were studied. The patients received one 100 ml serving of either plain (control) low-fat or phytosterol enriched (1.6 g of free sterol equivalents) drinkable yogurt per day along with the main meal for 42 days. The principal variables were variation on LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) concentration and the number of patients achieving therapeutic goals after intervention., RESULTS: Patients on phytosterols attained an average LDL-C reduction of more than 10% (12.2% after 3 weeks; 10.6% after 6 weeks) (P = 0.001; 95% CI: 4.03-19.00) regardless of statin therapy compared to the control group. About 50% of the subjects on phytosterols, as compared to 20% of controls, attained their LDL-C target values (<3.3 or <2.6 mmol/l for primary and secondary prevention, respectively) at the end of the study (P < 0.001). HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) did not change and triglycerides (TG) were decreased by 14% (P < 0.018). The plasma sterols/total cholesterol ratio increased., CONCLUSIONS: Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk significantly reduced LDL-C and increased the number of moderately hypercholesterolemic patients achieving therapeutic targets.
Growth and metabolism of infants born to women infected with human immunodeficiency virus and fed acidified whey-adapted starter formulas.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of a biologically and chemically acidified formula with or without probiotics with a standard formula on growth of infants negative for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)., METHODS: This was a double-masked, randomized, clinical trial. Infants born to consenting HIV-positive women who had decided not to breast-feed before being approached for participating in the study were randomized to receive one of four milk formulas: a chemically acidified formula with or without probiotics (Bifidobacterium lactis), a biologically acidified formula, or a standard whey formula. Infants who subsequently became HIV-positive according to polymerase chain reaction at 6 wk were excluded. Their growth and biochemical status were monitored for 4-6 mo. The z scores at the last visit of infants in each of the four formula groups were compared using analysis of covariance correcting for the z scores at baseline. Blood gases and pH were analyzed using a two-way analysis of variance corrected for center., RESULTS: One hundred thirty-two HIV-negative infants were monitored for growth and biochemical parameters for 4-6 mo. There was an improvement of z scores for all formulas, and there were no differences in weight for age (P = 0.22), length for age (P = 0.56), head circumference for age (P = 0.66), or weight for length (P = 0.13). There were no differences in blood pH and biochemical parameters among the formula groups., CONCLUSION: The growth of infants fed one of the three acidified formulas was not inferior to the standard formula. Growth and metabolism in HIV-negative infants fed the acidified formulas were not affected by the method of milk acidification.
The balance of bone health: tipping the scales in favor of potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods.; Public health nutrition strategies to develop and maintain bone health throughout the lifecycle as well as to prevent osteoporosis in later life are urgently needed. In the United States, approximately 10 million Americans have osteoporosis, with costs estimated at $17.9 billion per year and costs in Europe well in excess of 13.9 billion euros. This review article outlines the current evidence available in the literature linking potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods to osteoporosis prevention. The health-related benefits of a high intake of potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods (e.g., fruits and vegetables) on disease prevention (e.g., cancer, heart disease) have been gaining increasing attention in the literature, and there is growing belief, from a variety of observational, experimental, clinical, and intervention studies, that a positive link exists between potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods and indices of bone health. However, observational studies are not hypothesis proving and can only suggest the potential mechanisms of action. We now urgently need data from randomized controlled trials to determine for certain whether a potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich diet or supplement is important to the skeleton. A 1-mo dietary intervention study involving 23- to 76-y-old men and women has shown that a diet high in bicarbonate (high fruits and vegetables) and potassium (high in milk and dairy products) (Dietary Approaches to Stopping Hypertension) significantly reduces bone turnover. Longer-term dietary studies are critical. In addition, the mechanisms underlying a positive effect of a potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich diet on bone need to be fully determined. These currently include, but are not limited to, 1) the potential role of the skeleton in acid-base homeostasis; 2) other nutrient or dietary components found in abundance in fruits and vegetables such as vitamin K, beta-carotene, and vitamin C; and 3) other as yet "unidentified" dietary components. The road ahead is a challenging one.
Reducing the energy density of an entree decreases children's energy intake at lunch.; BACKGROUND: Strategies need to be developed to reduce preschool children's energy intake., OBJECTIVE: To test the effect of reducing the energy density of an entree on children's ad libitum energy intake., SUBJECTS: Subjects were 2- to 5-year-old children (37 boys and 40 girls) in a university day-care facility., INTERVENTION: In this within-subjects crossover study, children were served a test lunch once per week for 6 weeks. Two versions of a macaroni and cheese entree were formulated to differ in energy density while maintaining similar palatability. Each version was served to children three times. The higher-energy-density entree had 2.0 kcal/g and the other entree was 30% lower in energy density. Lunch, consumed ad libitum, also included broccoli, applesauce, and milk., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Food intake and energy intake were measured., STATISTICAL ANALYSES: A mixed linear model tested effect of energy density of the entree on food intake and energy intake. Results are reported as mean+/-standard error., RESULTS: Decreasing the energy density of the entree by 30% significantly (P<0.0001) reduced children's energy intake from the entree by 25% (72.3+/-8.3 kcal) and total lunch energy intake by 18% (71.8+/-7.9 kcal). Children consumed significantly more of the lower-energy-density entree (10.1+/-4.2 g; P<0.05). Children's sex-specific body mass index-for-age percentiles did not affect the relationship between energy density of the entree and children's intakes., CONCLUSIONS: Decreasing the energy density of a lunch entree resulted in a reduction in children's energy intake from the entree and from the total meal. Reducing the energy density of foods may be an effective strategy to moderate children's energy intake.
Lactotripeptides show no effect on human blood pressure: results from a double-blind randomized controlled trial.; Milk-derived peptides with ACE-inhibiting properties may have antihypertensive effects in humans. We conducted a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial to examine the blood pressure lowering potential of 2 ACE-inhibiting lactotripeptides, ie, Isoleucine-Proline-Proline and Valine-Proline-Proline. We included 135 Dutch subjects with elevated systolic blood pressure who were otherwise healthy and who received no current antihypertensive treatment. After a 2-week run-in period on placebo, subjects randomly received a daily dose of 200 mL dairy drink with 14 mg lactotripeptides obtained by concentrating fermented milk, enzymatic hydrolysis, or chemical synthesis, or placebo for 8 weeks, followed by a 2-week wash-out. The primary outcome was 8-week change in office systolic blood pressure. Secondary outcomes were change in diastolic blood pressure, home blood pressure, 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure, plasma ACE-activity, and plasma angiotensin II. Blood pressure at baseline was on average 142/84 mm Hg. Lactotripeptides did not significantly change systolic blood pressure (P=0.46) or diastolic blood pressure (P=0.31) compared with placebo. The mean difference (95%-CI) in systolic blood pressure response between treatment and placebo was 2.8 mm Hg (-2.6;8.2) for concentrated fermented milk lactotripeptides, -0.5 mm Hg (-6.0;5.0) for enzymatic lactotripeptides, and 1.6 mm Hg (-3.9;6.9) for synthetic lactotripeptides. Treatment neither had a significant effect on secondary outcome measures. In conclusion, the present study does not support the hypothesis of a blood pressure lowering effect of the lactotripeptides Isoleucine-Proline-Proline and Valine-Proline-Proline.
Imiquimod 5% cream for treatment of HIV-negative Kaposi's sarcoma skin lesions: A phase I to II, open-label trial in 17 patients.; BACKGROUND: Kaposi's sarcoma (KS), a virus-associated neoplasm, can be treated locally or systemically with interferon alfa. Therefore, imiquimod, an immune response modifier able to induce interferon-alpha secretion in situ, could prove a good local treatment for KS skin lesions., OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream for the topical treatment of classic or endemic KS skin lesions in patients who are HIV negative., METHODS: We conducted a prospective, open-label, single center, phase II clinical trial. Imiquimod cream was applied under occlusion 3 times a week for 24 weeks. The main efficacy end points were the safety of topical imiquimod and the overall clinical response in patients evaluated on the basis of modified AIDS Clinical Trials Group criteria at 36 weeks. The statistical analysis was based on the intent-to-treat data set., RESULTS: Seventeen patients were enrolled. Eight (47%) presented objective overall clinical response (2 complete and 6 partial responses). Tumor progression was noted in 6 patients. The most frequent side effects were local itching and erythema, seen in 9 patients (53%)., LIMITATIONS: This was not a randomized placebo-controlled study and was restricted to a small number of patients., CONCLUSION: Topical imiquimod 5% cream had antitumor activity in about half the patients with classic and endemic KS and was generally well tolerated.
A randomized parallel study to assess the safety and efficacy of two different dosing regimens of 5% imiquimod in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma.; OBJECTIVES: This study was designed to compare the safety and efficacy of two cycled dosing regimens of imiquimod 5% cream for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC)., METHODS: Patients (n = 32) were randomized to receive one of two treatment regimens: 8 weeks of treatment with once-daily dosing for alternate weeks (R1) and 5 weeks of once-daily dosing with a 1-week interval in the middle of the course (R2). Efficacy measures were tumour clearance at weeks 19 and 52 and measures of patients' acceptability., RESULTS: Data from 30 patients (13 females), 14 on R1 and 16 on R2, were analysed. The results revealed an initial clearance rate of 64% at week 19 for R1 and 81% for R2 (95% CI for difference: -14% to 45%, p = 0.21). However, clearance rates at week 52 were significantly different: 43% for R1 and 88% for R2 (95% CI for difference: 11% to 68%, p = 0.02). There was no difference in acceptability of treatment as measured by composite median visual analogue scores at week 8., CONCLUSION: Five weeks of 5% imiquimod cream once daily with a 1-week interval was more effective but as well tolerated as the 8-week alternate week regimen for sBCC.
Topical prilocaine-lidocaine cream combined with peripheral nerve block improves pain control in prostatic biopsy: results from a prospective randomized trial.; OBJECTIVES: To compare pain control results between periprostatic nerve block alone and combined with topical prilocaine-lidocaine cream as local anesthesia of prostate biopsy., METHODS: Three hundred patients were randomized to receive PNB (group 1), topical anesthesia of the anal ring, anal canal, and anterior rectal wall combined with PNB (group 2) and placebo (group 3). Patients were asked to use scale of 0-10 to complete a visual analogue scale questionnaire about pain during probe insertion (VAS1), periprostatic infiltration (VAS2), and cores (VAS3)., RESULTS: Pain during probe insertion in group 2 was significantly less than in groups 1 and 3 (VAS1, 0.29 vs. 1.46 and 1.48; p<0.0001). Pain during periprostatic infiltration was also reduced in group 2 compared with group 1 (VAS2, 1.06 vs. 2.39; p<0.0001). Pain control was similar during biopsy in the PNB and combined groups (VAS3, 0.43 vs. 0.37; p=0.77) and was superior to group 3 (VAS3, 3.02; p<0.0001). In younger patients (cut off, median age 67 yr) these differences were still significant between groups 1 and 2 (VAS1, 1.95 vs.0.31; p<0.0001 and VAS2, 2.97 vs. 1,15; p<0.0001), but not in older patients (VAS1, 0.91 vs. 0.28; p=0.06; VAS2, 1.52 vs. 0,92; p=0.06). Vagal symptoms were registered in 36 (12%) patients in all groups. Sepsis occurred in one group 1 patient and in one group 2 patient. Rectal bleeding was observed in one group 2 patient., CONCLUSION: Combined prilocaine-lidocaine cream topically placed with PNB is superior to PNB alone and may be of maximum benefit for younger patients.
A short-term intervention trial with selenate, selenium-enriched yeast and selenium-enriched milk: effects on oxidative defence regulation.; Increased Se intakes have been associated with decreased risk of cancer and CVD. Several mechanisms have been proposed, including antioxidant effects through selenoproteins, induction of carcinogen metabolism and effects on the blood lipid profile. In a 4 x 1 week randomised, double-blind cross-over study, healthy young men supplemented their usual diet with selenate, Se-enriched yeast, Se-enriched milk or placebo (Se dose was 300 microg/d for selenate and Se-enriched yeast, and about 480 microg/d for Se-enriched milk) followed by 8-week washout periods. All Se sources increased serum Se levels after supplementation for 1 week. The effect of the organic forms did not differ significantly and both increased serum Se more than selenate. Conversely, thrombocyte glutathione peroxidase (GPX) was increased in the periods where subjects were supplemented with selenate but not in those where they were given Se-enriched yeast or Se-enriched milk. We found no effect on plasma lipid resistance to oxidation, total cholesterol, TAG, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, GPX, glutathione reductase (GR) and glutathione S-transferase (GST) activities measured in erythrocytes, GPX and GR activities determined in plasma, or GR and GST activities in thrombocytes. Leucocyte expression of genes encoding selenoproteins (GPX1, TrR1 and SelP), and of electrophile response element-regulated genes (GCLC, Fra1 and NQO1) were likewise unaffected at all time points following intervention. We conclude that thrombocyte GPX is specifically increased by short-term selenate supplementation, but not by short-term supplementation with organic Se. Short-term Se supplementation does not seem to affect blood lipid markers or expression and activity of selected enzymes and a transcription factor involved in glutathione-mediated detoxification and antioxidation.
Alpha-lactalbumin-rich infant formula fed to healthy term infants in a multicenter study: plasma essential amino acids and gastrointestinal tolerance.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of an alpha-lactalbumin-enriched formula with a protein profile and total protein concentration closer to human milk (HM) and lower than conventional formulas., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Two hundred and sixteen healthy, term infants, <or=14 days post-natal age were enrolled and 166 (76.9%) completed the study. Timed post-prandial plasma essential amino-acid levels were determined after 8 weeks of ad libitum study feeding. Study events were assessed every 2 weeks., RESULTS: At 8 weeks, all mean plasma essential amino-acid levels in the experimental formula (EF) group were as high as the standard formula (SF) and HM groups. The incidence of feeding-related gastrointestinal (GI) events varied significantly (P=0.025) across groups: SF (31.3%), EF (17.2%) and HM (13.6%), with SF being significantly higher than HM (P=0.015). Study withdrawals due to feeding-related GI events were significantly different (P=0.001) across groups: SF (12.5%), EF (4.7%), and HM (0%). The timing of GI events was also significantly different across groups (P=0.010)., CONCLUSION: The study demonstrated that feeding a higher quality, lower protein concentration formula (alpha-lactalbumin-enriched) met all essential amino acid and protein requirements of infants. The GI tolerance profile of infants receiving the EF was similar to HM-fed infants.
Calcium intake and the outcome of short-term weight management.; Experimental and epidemiological studies suggest that calcium intake is inversely related to weight gain. Calcium of dairy origin has been shown to be more effective in promoting weight loss. However, clinical studies yielded controversial results concerning the role of calcium intake in weight change. The aim of this study was to ascertain whether the addition of calcium can affect the outcome of 3-week weight management (WM) with a hypocaloric diet characterized by a decreased calcium intake. Overweight/ obese women (n=67; BMI 32.2+/-4.1 kg/m(2); age 49.1+/-12.1 years) underwent a 4-week comprehensive WM program. WM included a 7 MJ/day diet resulting in a stable weight during the first week and a 4.5 MJ/day diet with mean daily calcium intake 350 mg during the second to fourth week. Participants were divided into three age- and BMI-matched groups who received placebo or calcium (500 mg/day). Calcium was administered either as carbonate or calcium of dairy origin (Lactoval). There was no significant difference in weight loss in response to WM between the placebo-treated and calcium-treated groups. However, addition of calcium to the diet resulted in a lower hunger score in the Eating Inventory as well as a decrease in plasma resistin levels. Body composition measured by bioimpedance demonstrated that added calcium leads to preservation of fat-free mass. Nevertheless, a greater loss of fat-free mass in the placebo group might be partly due to a greater loss of water.
Dose-response effects of different plant sterol sources in fat spreads on serum lipids and C-reactive protein and on the kinetic behavior of serum plant sterols.; OBJECTIVE: To test the dose-response effect on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) of plant sterols (PS) from different sources in a low-fat spread., METHODS: Dose responses of soybean oil (BO), tall oil (TO) and a mix of tall oil and rapeseed oil (TO/RP) as fatty acid esters were tested in a parallel design in free-living subjects recruited from the general community who had elevated cholesterol concentrations. Subjects received either control for 6 weeks or 1.6 g PS per day for 3 weeks, then 3.0 g/day for 3 weeks., RESULTS: LDL-c was lowered significantly by consumption of 1.6 g/day of PS (-10.4%, range -7.3 to -11.4%). Increasing the dose to 3.0 g/day modestly reduced LDL-c concentrations further to -14.7%. TO, containing 78% sitosterol, produced an increase in serum sitosterol of 6.5 nmol/ml, while BO, containing only 27% campesterol, produced an increase in serum campesterol of 9.5 nmol/ml in 6 weeks. After PS withdrawal, serum sterols declined by 50% within 2 weeks., CONCLUSION: Different PS sources were equally effective in lowering serum LDL-c concentrations. The decrease in absolute concentrations of LDL-c was dependent on the baseline concentrations.
Effects of plant sterol and stanol ester consumption on lipid metabolism, antioxidant status and markers of oxidative stress, endothelial function and low-grade inflammation in patients on current statin treatment.; OBJECTIVE: The present study was designed to examine for the first time, side-by-side, the effects of plant sterol and stanol consumption on lipid metabolism and markers of antioxidant status, oxidative stress, endothelial dysfunction and low-grade inflammation in subjects on stable statin-treatment., DESIGN: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, intervention trial., SETTING: University., SUBJECTS: Forty-five patients on current statin treatment were recruited via newspaper advertisements. Data of 41 patients were used in statistical analysis., INTERVENTION: Subjects consumed margarine with no added plant sterols or stanols for 4 weeks and were then divided into three groups of 15 subjects. For the next 16 weeks, one group continued with the control margarine and the other two groups with either a plant sterol- or stanol (2.5 g/day)-enriched margarine. Blood was sampled at the end of the run-in and intervention periods., RESULTS: Plant sterol and stanol consumption significantly (P=0.026) reduced low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 0.34 mmol/l (95% confidence interval (CI), -0.67 to -0.04 mmol/l). No effects were shown on enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidants and markers of oxidative modification of lipids and DNA. In addition, no effect was found on soluble adhesion molecules, C-reactive protein and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 concentrations., CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that 16 weeks of plant sterol or stanol consumption did not affect markers of antioxidant status, oxidative stress, endothelial dysfunction and low-grade inflammation in patients on stable statin treatment, despite a significant reduction of LDL cholesterol.
Secular trends in children's sweetened-beverage consumption (1973 to 1994): the Bogalusa Heart Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether children's sweetened-beverage consumption has changed over a 21-year period (1973 to 1994) in Bogalusa, LA, and whether trends in energy intake, milk consumption, and body mass index (BMI) varied among the sweetened-beverage consumption groups., DESIGN: Information on food and nutrient intake was derived from a single 24-hour dietary recall collected from children who participated in one of seven cross-sectional surveys., SUBJECTS/SETTING: A total of 1,548 10-year-old children (65% white, 35% African American; 51% female, 49% male) were randomly selected to participate in the study., STATISTICAL ANALYSES: The Cochran-Armitage Trend test was applied to examine the trends in sweetened-beverage consumption by 10-year-old children over a 21-year period. A general linear model was used to examine the trend in milk consumption, energy intake, and BMI among the sweetened-beverage consumption groups., RESULTS: The percentage of children consuming sweetened beverages significantly decreased from 83% (1973) to 81% (1994) (P <.05), particularly consumption of soft drinks (P <.01) and coffee with sugar ( P <.0001). However, the mean gram amount of tea with sugar consumed significantly increased (P <.0001), with no changes in the mean gram amount of fruit drinks, soft drinks, and coffee with sugar consumed. When comparing tertiles of sweetened-beverage consumption over time, the mean gram consumption significantly increased from 1973 to 1994 for those children who were in the medium (P <.001) to high (P <.0001) tertiles. The mean BMI significantly increased (P <.001) from 1973 to 1994 in children within all of the sweetened-beverage consumption groups; however, there were no significant differences in total BMI across the sweetened-beverage consumption groups. The total gram amount of milk consumption was significantly lower in the medium to high sweetened-beverage consumption groups compared with the lower to no sweetened-beverage consumption groups. Total energy intake remained unchanged from 1973 to 1994 within all four sweetened-beverage consumption groups. Total energy intake was significantly higher in the high sweetened-beverage consumption group compared with the other three sweetened-beverage consumption groups., CONCLUSIONS: Children's sweetened-beverage consumption has changed over a 21-year period. The percentage of children consuming sweetened beverages decreased from 1973 to 1994, particularly consumption of soft drinks and coffee with sugar. Data suggest that there was no linear relationship between sweetened-beverage consumption and BMI and total energy intake. However, total milk consumption was lower in the medium to high sweetened-beverage consumption groups compared with the low to no consumption groups. More studies are needed to confirm these regional findings, which may not be reflective of national trends.
Milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases.; BACKGROUND: Alcohol and hepatotoxic viruses cause the majority of liver diseases. Randomised clinical trials have assessed whether extracts of milk thistle, Silybum marianum (L) Gaertneri, have any effect in patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases., OBJECTIVES: To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of milk thistle or milk thistle constituents versus placebo or no intervention in patients with alcoholic liver disease and/or viral liver diseases (hepatitis B and hepatitis C)., SEARCH STRATEGY: The Cochrane Hepato-Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register, The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and full text searches were combined (July 2007). Manufacturers and researchers in the field were contacted., SELECTION CRITERIA: Only randomised clinical trials in patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases (acute and chronic) were included. Interventions encompassed milk thistle at any dose or duration versus placebo or no intervention. The trials could be double blind, single blind, or unblinded. The trials could be unpublished or published and no language limitations were applied., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: The primary outcome measure was mortality. Binary outcomes are reported as relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Subgroup analyses were performed with regard to methodological quality., MAIN RESULTS: Eighteen randomised clinical trials assessed milk thistle in 1088 patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases. The methodological quality was low: only 28.6% of the trials reported high methodological quality characteristics. Milk thistle versus placebo or no intervention had no significant effect on mortality (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.15), complications of liver disease (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.09), or liver histology. Liver-related mortality was significantly reduced by milk thistle in all trials (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.88), but not in high-quality trials (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.28 to 1.19). Milk thistle was not associated with a significantly increased risk of adverse events (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.46 to 1.50)., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Our results question the beneficial effects of milk thistle for patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases and highlight the lack of high-quality evidence to support this intervention. Adequately conducted and reported randomised clinical trials on milk thistle versus placebo are needed.
Review of clinical trials evaluating safety and efficacy of milk thistle (Silybum marianum [L.] Gaertn.).; Milk thistle extracts have been used as traditional herbal remedies for almost 2000 years. The extracts are still widely used to protect the liver against toxins and to control chronic liver diseases. Recent experimental and clinical studies suggest that milk thistle extracts also have anticancer, antidiabetic, and cardioprotective effects. This article reviews clinical trials of milk thistle conducted in the past 5 years including pharmacokinetic and toxicity studies, herb-drug interactions, and other safety issues. Several trials have studied the effects of milk thistle for patients with liver diseases, cancer, hepatitis C, HIV, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia. Promising results have been reported in the protective effect of milk thistle in certain types of cancer, and ongoing trials will provide more evidence about this effect. In addition, new established doses and improvement on the quality and standardization of this herb will provide the much-awaited evidence about the efficacy of milk thistle in the treatment of liver diseases. Milk thistle extracts are known to be safe and well tolerated, and toxic or adverse effects observed in the reviewed clinical trials seem to be minimal. The future of milk thistle research is promising, and high-quality randomized clinical trials on milk thistle versus placebo may be needed to further demonstrate the safety and efficacy of this herb.
Ultra heat treatment destroys cholesterol-lowering effect of soy protein.; A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical study was performed to investigate the dose-dependent response of serum cholesterol after consuming an ultra-heat-treated milk containing a soy protein preparation. Eighty hypercholesterolemic subjects were assigned to one of four study groups receiving 12.5 or 25 g soy protein (active treatment) or casein (placebo) daily over a period of 4 weeks. The trial substances were provided as ready-made, ultra-heated milk preparations. Before and after the treatment, serum concentrations of total, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were determined. Unexpectedly, at the end of the study, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were significantly increased compared with baseline in all study groups. The magnitude of this increase (17-19%) was similar in all active and placebo study groups. Soy protein supplements previously shown to be effective in reducing serum cholesterol had in this study no such lipid-lowering effect after ultra heat treatment.
Soy isoflavones modulate immune function in healthy postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: The immune system may be compromised after menopause because of the effects of aging and diminishing concentrations of estrogen, an immune-modulating hormone. Isoflavones, plant-derived compounds with estrogenic and antioxidant properties, may offer immunologic benefits to women during this stage of life., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of soy isoflavones, both in soymilk and in supplement form, on markers of immunity and oxidative stress in postmenopausal women., DESIGN: Postmenopausal women aged 50-65 y (n = 52) enrolled in this 16-wk double-blind, placebo-controlled trial were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 experimental groups: 1) control, 706 mL cow milk/d plus a placebo supplement; 2) soymilk, 71.6 mg isoflavones derived from 706 mL soymilk/d plus a placebo supplement; and 3) supplement, 70 mg isoflavones in a supplement plus 706 mL cow milk/d. Plasma and 24-h urine samples were obtained at baseline and at 16 wk. Immune variables included lymphocyte subsets, cytokine production, and markers of inflammation and oxidative damage., RESULTS: Isoflavone intervention in postmenopausal women resulted in higher (P < 0.05) B cell populations and lower (P < 0.05) plasma concentrations of 8-hydroxy-2-deoxy-guanosine, an oxidative marker of DNA damage. Isoflavone treatment did not significantly influence concentrations of interferon gamma, interleukin 2, tumor necrosis factor alpha, or C-reactive protein in plasma or of 8-isoprostane in urine., CONCLUSIONS: Soymilk and supplemental isoflavones modulate B cell populations and appear to be protective against DNA damage in postmenopausal women.
Milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases--a systematic cochrane hepato-biliary group review with meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials.; OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to assess the beneficial and harmful effects of milk thistle (MT) or MT constituents versus placebo or no intervention in patients with alcoholic liver disease and/or hepatitis B and/or C liver diseases., METHODS: Randomized clinical trials studying patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases were included (December 2003). The randomized clinical trials were evaluated by components of methodological quality., RESULTS: Thirteen randomized clinical trials assessed MT in 915 patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases. The methodological quality was low: only 23% of the trials reported adequate allocation concealment and only 46% were considered double blind. MT versus placebo or no intervention for a median duration of 6 months had no significant effects on all-cause mortality (relative risk (RR) 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53-1.15), complications of liver disease, or liver histology. Liver-related mortality was significantly reduced by MT in all trials (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.29-0.88), but not in high-quality trials (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.28-1.19). MT was not associated with a significantly increased risk of adverse events., CONCLUSIONS: Based on high-quality trials, MT does not seem to significantly influence the course of patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases. MT could potentially affect liver injury. Adequately conducted randomized clinical trials on MT versus placebo may be needed.
Milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases.; BACKGROUND: Alcohol and hepatotoxic viruses cause the majority of liver diseases. Randomised clinical trials have assessed whether extracts of milk thistle, Silybum marianum (L) Gaertneri, have any effect in patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases., OBJECTIVES: To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of milk thistle or milk thistle constituents versus placebo or no intervention in patients with alcoholic liver disease and/or viral liver diseases (hepatitis B and hepatitis C)., SEARCH STRATEGY: The Cochrane Hepato-Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register, The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and full text searches were combined (December 2003). Manufacturers and researchers in the field were contacted., SELECTION CRITERIA: Only randomised clinical trials in patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases (acute and chronic) were included. Interventions encompassed milk thistle at any dose or duration versus placebo or no intervention. The trials could be double blind, single blind, or unblinded. The trials could be unpublished or published and no language limitations were applied., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: The primary outcome measure was mortality. Binary outcomes are reported as relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Subgroup analyses were performed with regard to methodological quality., MAIN RESULTS: Thirteen randomised clinical trials assessed milk thistle in 915 patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases. The methodological quality was low: only 23% of the trials reported adequate allocation concealment and only 46% were considered adequately double-blinded. Milk thistle versus placebo or no intervention had no significant effect on mortality (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.15), complications of liver disease (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.09), or liver histology. Liver-related mortality was significantly reduced by milk thistle in all trials (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.88), but not in high-quality trials (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.28 to 1.19). Milk thistle was not associated with a significantly increased risk of adverse events (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.46 to 1.50)., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Our results question the beneficial effects of milk thistle for patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases and highlight the lack of high-quality evidence to support this intervention. Adequately conducted and reported randomised clinical trials on milk thistle versus placebo are needed.
The effect of soy consumption on the urinary 2:16-hydroxyestrone ratio in postmenopausal women depends on equol production status but is not influenced by probiotic consumption.; Some epidemiologic studies reported an association between a low ratio of urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (2-hydroxyestradiol + 2-hydroxyestrone) to 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (2:16OHE(1)) and increased breast cancer risk. Some studies show that soy consumption increases this ratio, and it is suggested that this effect may reduce breast cancer risk. We hypothesized that consumption of probiotic bacteria would alter fecal bacteria and enzymes involved in soy isoflavone metabolism, thereby increasing isoflavone bioavailability and enhancing the beneficial effects of soy on estrogen metabolism. Breast cancer survivors (n = 20) and controls (n = 20) were given 4 treatments for 6 wk each, separated by 2-wk washout periods, in a randomized, crossover design: soy protein (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d containing 44.4 +/- 7.5 mg isoflavones/d); soy protein + probiotics (10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS(R)+1 & Bifidobacterium longum, 15-30 mg fructooligosaccharide/d); milk protein (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d); and milk protein + probiotics. Survivors tended to have a lower baseline urine 2:16OHE(1) ratio than controls (P = 0.10). In the group as a whole, soy consumption tended to increase urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (P = 0.07) and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (P = 0.11) but had no effect on the urinary 2:16OHE(1) ratio. When subjects were divided into groups by plasma concentrations and urinary levels of the daidzein metabolite equol, soy increased urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (P = 0.01) and the 2:16OHE(1) ratio (P = 0.04) only in subjects with high plasma equol concentrations. None of these results were influenced by probiotic consumption. These results are consistent with studies that found lower urine 2:16OHE(1) ratios in women with breast cancer and suggest that soy consumption increases this ratio only in women who are equol producers.
Whey proteins in the regulation of food intake and satiety.; Whey protein has potential as a functional food component to contribute to the regulation of body weight by providing satiety signals that affect both short-term and long-term food intake regulation. Because whey is an inexpensive source of high nutritional quality protein, the utilization of whey as a physiologically functional food ingredient for weight management is of current interest. At present, the role of individual whey proteins and peptides in contributing to food intake regulation has not been fully defined. However, Whey protein reduces short-term food intake relative to placebo, carbohydrate and other proteins. Whey protein affects satiation and satiety by the actions of: (1) whey protein fractions per se; (2) bioactive peptides; (3) amino-acids released after digestion; (4) combined action of whey protein and/or peptides and/or amino acids with other milk constituents. Whey ingestion activates many components of the food intake regulatory system. Whey protein is insulinotropic, and whey-born peptides affect the renin-angiotensin system. Therefore whey protein has potential as physiologically functional food component for persons with obesity and its co-morbidities (hypertension, type II diabetes, hyper- and dislipidemia). It remains unclear, however, if the favourable effects of whey on food intake, subjective satiety and intake regulatory mechanisms in humans are obtained from usual serving sizes of dairy products. The effects described have been observed in short-term experiments and when whey is consumed in much higher amounts.
Effect of two types of soy milk and dairy milk on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic adults: a randomized trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of two commercially available soy milks (one made using whole soy beans, the other using soy protein isolate) with low-fat dairy milk on plasma lipid, insulin, and glucose responses., DESIGN: Randomized clinical trial, cross-over design., SUBJECTS: Participants were 30-65 years of age, n = 28, with pre-study LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations of 160-220 mg/dL, not on lipid lowering medications, and with an overall Framingham risk score of or=4 weeks., RESULTS: Mean LDL-C concentration at the end of each phase (+/- SD) was 161 +/- 20, 161 +/- 26 and 170 +/- 24 mg/dL for the whole bean soy milk, the soy protein isolate milk, and the dairy milk, respectively (p = 0.9 between soy milks, p = 0.02 for each soy milk vs. dairy milk). No significant differences by type of milk were observed for HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, insulin, or glucose., CONCLUSION: A 25 g dose of daily soy protein from soy milk led to a modest 5% lowering of LDL-C relative to dairy milk among adults with elevated LDL-C. The effect did not differ by type of soy milk and neither soy milk significantly affected other lipid variables, insulin or glucose.
Dairy products, calcium intake, and risk of prostate cancer in the prostate, lung, colorectal, and ovarian cancer screening trial.; Higher intakes of calcium and dairy products, a major source of dietary calcium, are reported to increase the risk of prostate cancer, potentially due to reductions in circulating vitamin D with increasing calcium intake. We prospectively examined the association of dairy product and calcium intake with prostate cancer risk in 29,509 men, including 1,910 cases, in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial. We also evaluated the relation of calcium intake with serum 25-hydroxy-vitamin D [25(OH)D] and 1,25-dihydroxy-vitamin D [1,25(OH)(2)D], in a Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Trial substudy (n = 275). Dietary intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Baseline serum 1,25(OH)(2)D was determined by RIA. Greater intake of dairy products, particularly low-fat dairy products, was weakly associated with increased risk of prostate cancer [relative risk (RR), 1.12; 95% confidence intervals (CI), 0.97-1.30; P trend = 0.06 for >2.75 versus 2,000 versus <1,000 mg/day), but greater supplementary calcium intake was not associated with the risk. Associations of dairy product and dietary calcium intake were evident for nonaggressive disease (RR, 1.20; 95% CI, 0.99-1.46; P trend = 0.01 for dairy products; 1.64, 1.04-2.57; P trend = 0.002 for dietary calcium), but not aggressive disease (RR, 1.02; 95% CI, 0.81-1.28 for dairy products; 0.94, 0.49-1.80 for dietary calcium). Calcium intake was not associated with serum 25-hydroxy-vitamin D and 1,25(OH)(2)D concentration. In this large prospective study in a prostate cancer screening trial, greater dietary intake of calcium and dairy products, particularly low-fat types, may be modestly associated with increased risks for nonaggressive prostate cancer, but was unrelated to aggressive disease. Furthermore, we found no relationship between calcium intake and circulating vitamin D.
Topical immunomodulation under systemic immunosuppression: results of a multicentre, randomized, placebo-controlled safety and efficacy study of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses in kidney, heart, and liver transplant patients.; OBJECTIVE: In this study the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatments of actinic keratoses in kidney, heart and liver transplant recipients is evaluated., BACKGROUND: Growing populations of organ transplant recipients face increased risk of developing actinic keratosis (AK) and skin cancer secondary to continuous systemic immunosuppressive therapy. Imiquimod 5% cream is an effective option for the treatment of AK, but the safety of topical immune stimulation in immunocompromised patients has not been widely evaluated., METHODS: A total of 43 patients in six European transplant centres applied two sachets of topical imiquimod or vehicle cream three times per week to a 100 cm(2) field. Dosing continued for 16 weeks regardless of lesion clearance. Patients were assessed for safety variables that included adverse events, local skin reactions, laboratory results, vital signs, dosage of immunosuppressive medication and indication of graft rejection. A blinded independent expert committee was responsible for safety monitoring and final safety assessment., RESULTS: No graft rejections or trends for a deterioration of graft function were detected. No meaningful trends were observed in laboratory results. Among patients randomized to imiquimod, the complete clearance rate was 62.1% (18/29); for vehicle patients, the complete clearance rate was 0% (0/14). Clinical clearance was confirmed histologically in all cases., CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod appears to be a safe alternative for the treatment of multiple actinic keratoses in patients with solid organ transplants. Efficacy was within the range previously observed in nontransplanted populations.
Probiotic, as well as conventional yogurt, can enhance the stimulated production of proinflammatory cytokines.; BACKGROUND: Lactic acid bacteria have been shown to stimulate the secretion of cytokines by lymphocytes and monocytes in a strain-dependent manner. Therefore, in this study, the effect of a daily intake of probiotic yogurt on cytokine production in young healthy women was compared with that of a conventional product., METHODS: For 2 weeks each, subjects consumed 100 g, then 200 g of either a probiotic or a conventional, commercially available yogurt, both containing Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus with additional Lactobacillus casei DN 114 001 in the probiotic product. Cytokine production in blood culture following stimulation with phytohaemmaglutinin and lipopolysaccharide was measured using Cytometric Bead Array and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay., RESULTS: Stimulated production of tumour necrosis factor-alpha increased significantly following consumption of conventional or probiotic yogurt (+63% and +24% compared with baseline, respectively, P < 0.001). There was also a significantly higher production of interleukin (IL)-1beta in the conventional (+40%, P = 0.006) and of interferon gamma in the probiotic group (+108%, P < 0.05). IL-10 decreased following consumption of the probiotic product, but increased significantly after intake cessation (+129%, P < 0.001). No significant differences in cytokine responses between the conventional and the probiotic yogurt were observed., CONCLUSION: Both conventional and probiotic yogurt enhanced the stimulated production of pro-inflammatory cytokines.
Greater resting energy expenditure and lower respiratory quotient after 1 week of supplementation with milk relative to supplementation with a sugar-only beverage in children.; Previous studies have linked overweight to lower milk and calcium consumption and have proposed a role of milk consumption on energy expenditure (EE). The goal of this study was to compare EE and food intake after a meal of either mixed-nutrient or single-nutrient beverage and examine whether supplementation with that beverage for 1 week will impact EE. This was a randomized, controlled crossover study testing the effect of 2 beverages, milk or fruit-flavored beverage, before and after a supplementation period of 1 week on EE. Food intake at a meal after a snack intake of each beverage was assessed at the end of each measurement period. Ten children, aged 9 to 10 years, participated in all of the testing sessions in the study. There was a significant beverage by testing day interaction on daily EE and thermic effect of food (TEF), whereby EE was greater with milk consumption relative to the fruit-flavored beverage on day 8 (P = .0014) and with fruit-flavored beverage consumption on day 1 vs day 8 (P = .01). Similarly, the TEF was greater with milk compared with fruit-flavored beverage consumption on day 8 (P = .0007) and with fruit-flavored beverage consumption on day 1 relative to day 8 (P = .0097). The TEF declined more rapidly during 6 hours after a fruit-flavored beverage than a milk meal (P = .0018). Food intake did not differ after snack consumption of each beverage before and after milk and fruit-flavored beverage supplementation periods. Over the longer term, consumption of milk beverages may have more favorable effects on energy balance in children than consumption of fruit-flavored beverages.
Effects of various forms of calcium on body weight and bone turnover markers in women participating in a weight loss program.; OBJECTIVE: This study examined the effects of calcium intake on body weight, body fat, and markers of bone turnover in pre-menopausal adult women undergoing a 12 week weight loss program of diet and exercise., METHODS: Subjects were prescribed a 12 week diet with a 500 Kcal restriction containing about 750 mg calcium/day, exercised 3 times/week, and were given either placebo capsules, capsules of calcium lactate or calcium phosphate (daily dose about 800 mg calcium), or low fat milk (daily dose about 800 mg calcium). Subjects completed and returned daily diet diaries weekly., RESULTS: Daily calcium intake in mg from diet records + supplement assignment was: 788 +/- 175 (placebo), 1698 +/- 210 (Ca lactate), 1566 +/- 250 (Ca phosphate), 1514 +/- 225 (milk)(no significant differences among the calcium and milk groups). Each group had statistically significant changes in body weight (p < 0.01), but there were no significant differences among groups for the weight loss: 5.8 +/- 0.8 kg (placebo), 4.1 +/- 0.7 kg (Ca lactate), 5.4 +/- 1.3 kg (Ca phosphate), 4.2 +/- 0.8 kg (milk). Body fat was changed significantly in each group (p < 0.01), with milk group showing a little less change than the other groups. Serum bone specific alkaline phophatase activity, a bone synthesis marker, increased similarly in all groups (p < 0.001 within groups, no significance for changes among groups). In contrast, the Ca lactate group, but not other groups, had a drop in urine values for alpha helical peptide, a bone resorption marker (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: For the conditions of this study, increased calcium intake, by supplement or milk, did not enhance loss of body weight or fat, though calcium lactate supplementation lowered values for a marker of bone degradation.
Preliminary study: soy milk as effective as skim milk in promoting weight loss.; Calcium from dairy sources is beneficial to weight loss; however, no studies have compared the effects of dairy to nondairy sources of calcium on weight loss. This pilot study explored differences between soy and skim milk on changes in anthropometric values in premenopausal women. In a prospective randomized controlled trial, 14 women with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to 720 mL soy milk (n=7) or an equivalent volume of skim milk (n=7) daily for 8 weeks. Subjects followed a 500-kcal deficit diet based on metabolic rate data. There were no anthropometric differences between soy and skim milk groups at baseline. Subjects followed an energy-restricted diet; both groups experienced reductions in kilogram weight (4.27+/-2.05 vs 3.76+/-2.25; P=0.668), body fat percent (1.30+/-1.37 vs 1.87+/-1.45; P=0.464), and abdominal circumference (11.28+/-5.23 vs 8.66+/-2.51; P=0.259) while attenuating losses of fat-free mass (1.12+/-1.29 vs 0.43+/-1.12; P=0.299) during the 8-week study. There were no significant differences in weight, fat percent, abdominal circumference, and fat-free mass between groups. To optimize the weight loss effects of calcium, one can consume 720 mL of either soy milk or skim milk daily.
Fortified human milk in the small for gestational age neonate.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the nutritional advantage of fortified human milk in the small for gestational age neonate., METHODS: Term asymmetric small for gestational age babies were randomly assigned to either the study group or the control group. The babies in the study group received fortified EBM, (more proteins, calories, vitamins and minerals) whereas babies in the control group received EBM only. Babies were followed up weekly for a period of 28 +/- 2 days for physical growth (weight, length and OFC). Biochemical markers of nutritional status (Blood urea, serum calcium, phosphorus, alkaline phosphatase, serum electrolytes and serum protein) were done initially and then on Day 28 +/- 2., RESULTS: The weight gain in the study group (38.77 +/- 7.43 g/day) was significantly better than in the control group (28.71 +/- 3.18 g/day). The length and OFC gain in the study group (1.14 +/- 0.33 cm/week and 0.62 +/- 0.07 cms/week, respectively) were significantly better than in the control group (0.87 +/- 0.17 cm/week and 0.49 +/- 0.07 cm/week respectively). The biochemical markers of nutrition, however, were not significantly different in the two groups., CONCLUSION: Fortified breast milk results in improved physical growth in the term asymmetric small for gestational age neonate.
Effect of low-fat, fermented milk enriched with plant sterols on serum lipid profile and oxidative stress in moderate hypercholesterolemia.; BACKGROUND: Plant sterol (PS)-enriched foods have been shown to reduce plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations. In most studies, however, PSs were incorporated into food products of high fat content., OBJECTIVE: We examined the effect of daily consumption of PS-supplemented low-fat fermented milk (FM) on the plasma lipid profile and on systemic oxidative stress in hypercholesterolemic subjects., DESIGN: Hypercholesterolemic subjects (LDL-cholesterol concentrations >or=130 and <or= 190 mg/dL; n = 194) consumed 2 low-fat portions of FM in the same meal daily for 6 wk. Subjects were randomly assigned to 2 groups: low-fat FM enriched with 0.8 g PS ester per portion or control FM. Plasma concentrations of lipids, oxidized LDL, beta-carotene, beta-sitosterol, campesterol, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were measured during the trial., RESULTS: Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations were reduced by 9.5% and 7.8% after 3 and 6 wk, respectively, in the 1.6-g/d PS group compared with the control group, whereas plasma triacylglycerol and HDL-cholesterol concentrations were not significantly affected. In addition, there were no significant changes in serum beta-carotene on normalization to LDL cholesterol during the study period in both groups, whereas plasma concentrations of oxidized LDL were reduced significantly in the PS group compared with the control group (-1.73 compared with 1.40 U/L, respectively; P < 0.05). Plasma sitosterol concentrations were increased by 35% (P < 0.001 compared with control); however, campesterol concentrations did not change during the study period., CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of 1.6 g PS in low-fat FM efficiently lowers LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia without deleterious effects on biomarkers of oxidative stress.
Short duration of skin-to-skin contact: effects on growth and breastfeeding.; AIM: To compare weight gain and head growth in very-low-birthweight (VLBW, <1501 g) infants with or without exposure to short duration of skin-to-skin contact (STSC) during their stay in a neonatal intensive care unit., METHODS: Stable VLBW infants were randomised into either STSC or control group. Parents of the STSC group were encouraged to provide STSC for at least 1 h daily., RESULTS: One hundred and forty-six infants were randomised, but only 126 were enrolled (STSC group: n = 64;, CONTROLS: n = 62). Infants in the STSC group had better mean weekly increase in head circumference (1.0 cm (SD = 0.3) vs. 0.7 cm (SD = 0.3); P < 0.0001) and higher breastfeeding rate at discharge (29.7% vs. 14.5%; P = 0.04). Although the mean duration of maternal education was longer in STSC (13.0 vs. 12.1 years; P = 0.04) than in controls, linear regression analysis showed that the significant predictors associated with weekly head growth were exposure to STSC (unstandardised coefficient: 0.2; 95% confidence intervals (CI): 0.1, 0.3; P < 0.0001) and head circumference of infants at the time of enrollment (unstandardised coefficient: -0.05; 95% CI: -08, -0.03; P < 0.0001); the number of years of maternal education was not a significant predictor. Logistic regression analysis showed that the only significant predictors of successful breastfeeding at discharge were receiving expressed breast milk at enrollment (adjusted OR: 4.1; 95% CI: 1.4, 11.7; P = 0.009) and receiving expressed breast milk during intervention period (adjusted OR: 8.3; 95% CI: 2.8, 24.4; P < 0.0001); exposure to STSC and maternal education were not significant predictors., CONCLUSION: Exposure to short duration of STSC may promote head growth in VLBW infants.
The PREMIER intervention helps participants follow the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension dietary pattern and the current Dietary Reference Intakes recommendations.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the influence of the PREMIER study lifestyle interventions on dietary intakes and adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern and the Dietary Reference Intakes (DRI)., DESIGN: An 18-month multicenter, randomized controlled trial comparing two multicomponent lifestyle intervention programs to an advice only control group., SUBJECTS/SETTING: A total of 810 participants were recruited from local communities and randomized into the study. Individuals were eligible if they were aged 25 years or older, had body mass index between 18.5 and 45.0, not taking antihypertensive medication, and had prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (systolic blood pressure 120 to 159 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure 80 to 95 mm Hg)., INTERVENTION: The two active intervention programs were a behavioral lifestyle intervention that implements established recommendations, and an established intervention plus the DASH dietary pattern. Both interventions consisted of intensive group and individual counseling sessions. The control group received a brief advice session after randomization and again after 6 months of data collection. Dietary intakes were collected by two random 24-hour recalls at baseline, 6 months, and 18 months., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome of the PREMIER study was change in systolic blood pressure at 6 months. The main outcomes examined here include dietary variables collected by 24-hour recall at each time point., STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Nutrient intakes were calculated and compared among the time points and the three intervention groups using mixed models with repeated measures at 6 and 18 months. Proportion of participants who met or achieved the original DASH nutrient intake levels and the DRIs were calculated and compared among the three intervention groups. P<0.01 was considered statistically significant., RESULTS: Participants in both the established intervention and established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern groups substantially reduced energy, total fat, saturated fat, and sodium intake and these reductions persisted throughout the study. Established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group participants increased intakes of fruits, vegetables, dairy, and many vitamins and minerals; these increases were significantly greater than that of the control and established intervention groups. A majority of established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group participants achieved at least two thirds of the DRI recommendations for most nutrients at 6 months, despite their reduction in total energy intake. Some but relatively small recidivism occurred at 18 months., CONCLUSIONS: Both the established intervention and established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group intervention were effective in helping participants follow established recommendations to control blood pressure. The advice-only control group also made some behavior changes, mainly decreasing energy and sodium intake. Only the established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group significantly increased intakes of DASH-specific food groups, including fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and nutrients, including protein, fiber, calcium, potassium, and magnesium. Most of the increases did not reach the levels consumed in the original DASH feeding studies. Whereas the established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group intervention provides a useful platform to achieve the DASH dietary pattern and current DRI recommendations, intervention enhancements, including a greater emphasis on nutrient-dense foods, would likely improve this intervention.
Acceptability of sodium-reduced research diets, including the Dietary Approaches To Stop Hypertension diet, among adults with prehypertension and stage 1 hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: Examine the acceptability of sodium-reduced research diets., DESIGN: Randomized crossover trial of three sodium levels for 30 days each among participants randomly assigned to one of two dietary patterns., PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Three hundred fifty-four adults with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension who were participants in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH-Sodium) outpatient feeding trial., INTERVENTION: Participants received their assigned diet (control or DASH, rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products), each at three levels of sodium (higher, intermediate, and lower) corresponding to 3,500, 2,300, and 1,200 mg/day (150, 100, and 50 mmol/day) per 2,100 kcal., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Nine-item questionnaire on liking and willingness to continue the assigned diet and its level of saltiness using a nine-point scale, ranging from one to nine., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Generalized estimating equations to test participant ratings as a function of sodium level and diet while adjusting for site, feeding cohort, carryover effects, and ratings during run-in., RESULTS: Overall, participants rated the saltiness of the intermediate level sodium as most acceptable (DASH group: 5.5 for intermediate vs 4.5 and 4.4 for higher and lower sodium; control group: 5.7 for intermediate vs 4.9 and 4.7 for higher and lower sodium) and rated liking and willing to continue the DASH diet more than the control diet by about one point (ratings range from 5.6 to 6.6 for DASH diet and 5.2 to 6.1 for control diet). Small race differences were observed in sodium and diet acceptability., CONCLUSIONS: Both the intermediate and lower sodium levels of each diet are at least as acceptable as the higher sodium level in persons with or at risk for hypertension.
The effect of a combination of plant sterol-enriched foods in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of low-fat products enriched with plant sterols in addition to a National Cholesterol Education Program step 1 diet on serum lipids and lipoproteins., METHODS: This study was a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled cross-over design with a run-in period and 2 intervention periods, each lasting 4 weeks. A total of 46 mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects (age 50.6+/-9.8) completed the trial. The study products consisted of 20 g low-fat margarine (35% fat) and 250 ml low-fat milk (0.7% fat), in total delivering 2.3g plant sterols/d., RESULTS: Serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol were significantly reduced by 5.5% (p<0.001, 95% CI: 2.5; 8.3) and 7.7% (p=0.001, 95% CI: 3.4; 11.9), respectively, by plant sterol-enriched products compared to placebo. Serum apolipoprotein B was significantly reduced by 4.6% (p<0.05, 95% CI: 1.7; 7.5), and apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A-I by 3.4% (p<0.05, 95% CI: 0.1; 6.6) after plant sterol intake compared to the placebo supplement., CONCLUSIONS: A combination of low-fat margarine and milk enriched with plant sterols significantly reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B and the ratio of apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A-I in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects, but had no effect on C-reactive protein and lipoprotein (a) concentrations., SPONSORSHIP: Unilever Denmark A/S.
Pasteurization of mother's own milk reduces fat absorption and growth in preterm infants.; AIM: A randomized study was conducted to evaluate whether pasteurized milk (Holder pasteurization 62.5 degrees C, 30 min) reduces fat absorption and growth in preterm infants., METHODS: Preterm infants (825-1325 g) born with gestational age < or =30 weeks were randomized into two groups, of which one started with pasteurized own mother's milk for 1 week and continued with raw milk the following week, and a second group was fed in reverse order. By using this design the infants served as their own controls. At the end of each week, a 72-h fat balance was performed and growth was monitored., RESULTS: We found, on an average, 17% higher fat absorption with raw as compared to pasteurized milk. Infants gained more weight and linear growth assessed as knee-heel length was also greater during the week they were fed raw milk as compared to the week they were fed pasteurized milk., CONCLUSION: Feeding preterm infants pasteurized as compared to raw own mother's milk reduced fat absorption. When the infants were fed raw milk, they gained more in knee-heel length compared to when they were fed pasteurized milk.
High consumptions of grain, fish, dairy products and combinations of these are associated with a low prevalence of metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: To analyse the relation between various food groups and the frequency of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)., DESIGN: A sample of 912 men aged 45-64 years was randomly selected. Questionnaires on risk factors and a three consecutive day food diary were completed. Height, weight, waist circumference, and blood pressure were measured. A fasting blood sample was analysed for lipid and glucose measurements. The NCEP-ATP-III definition was used to assess IRS. Data were analysed according to quintiles of food groups and medians of dairy products, fish, or cereal grains., RESULTS: The prevalence of IRS was 23.5%. It reached 29.0%, 28.1% and 28.1% when the intake was below the median for fish, dairy products, and grain, respectively. When consumptions of all three types of food were higher than the median, the prevalence reached 13.1%, and when they were lower, the prevalence was 37.9% (p<0.001). In logistic regression adjusted for confounders (centre, age, physical activities, education level, smoking, dieting, alcohol intake, treatments for hypertension and dyslipidaemia, energy intake, and diet quality index) the odds ratios for IRS (above median value v below) were 0.51 (95% confidence interval, 0.36 to 0.71) for fish, 0.67 (0.47 to 0.94) for dairy products, and 0.69 (0.47 to 1.01) for grain. When intakes of all three kinds of food were high, the OR was 0.22 (0.10 to 0.44)., CONCLUSIONS: A high consumption of dairy products, fish, or cereal grains is associated with a lower probability of IRS. The probability decreases when intakes of all three types of food were high.
Consumption of c9,t11-18:2 or t10,c12-18:2 enriched dietary supplements does not influence milk macronutrients in healthy, lactating women.; Substantial research suggests that the t10,c12-18:2, but not the c9,t11-18:2, isomer of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) reduces milk fat synthesis in lactating bovine and rodent species. Because fat is the major energy-yielding component in human milk, we were interested in whether this is true for women as well. Thus, the effects of c9,t11-18:2 and t10,c12-18:2 on milk fat were examined in breast-feeding women (n = 12) in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study with latin-square design. The study was divided into six periods: baseline (3 days), three intervention periods (5 days each), and two washout periods (9 days each). During each intervention period, women consumed 750 mg/day of a supplement containing predominantly c9,t11-18:2, t10,c12-18:2, or 18:1 (olive oil placebo). Milk was collected by complete breast expression on the final day of each period. Infant milk consumption was estimated by 24 h weighing on the penultimate day of each intervention and washout period, and maternal adiposity (% body fat) was determined at baseline using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Milk c9,t11-18:2 and t10,c12-18:2 concentrations were greater (P < 0.05) during the corresponding CLA treatment periods as compared to the placebo period, providing strong evidence of subject compliance. Both CLA isomers were transferred into milk fat at relatively high efficiency; average transfer efficiency was estimated to be 23.3%. Compared to the placebo treatment, milk fat content was not reduced during either CLA treatment. Data indicate that body fatness did not modify any putative effect of isomeric CLA consumption on milk fat concentration. The evidence from this study suggests that the sensitivity of lactating women's mammary tissue to an anti-lipogenic effect of the t10,c12-18:2 isoform of CLA may be less than previously hypothesized.
Dietary cod protein improves insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant men and women: a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this article was to compare the effects of cod protein to those of other animal proteins on insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant human subjects., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Insulin sensitivity (M/I) was assessed using a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp in 19 insulin-resistant subjects fed a cod protein diet and a similar diet containing lean beef, pork, veal, eggs, milk, and milk products (BPVEM) for 4 weeks in a crossover design study. Both diets were formulated to differ only in protein source, thus providing equivalent amounts of dietary fibers and monounsaturated, polyunsaturated (including n-3), and saturated fatty acids (1.1:1.8:1.0). Beta-cell function, estimated by oral glucose tolerance test-derived parameters, was also assessed., RESULTS: There was a significant improvement in insulin sensitivity (P = 0.027) and a strong tendency for a better disposition index (beta-cell function x M/I) (P = 0.055) in subjects consuming the cod protein diet compared with those consuming the BPVEM diet. When median baseline M/I (4.8 x 10(-3) mg x kg(-1) x min(-1) x pmol(-1)) was taken into account, an interaction on the 30-min C-peptide-to-30-min glucose ratio, used as an index of beta-cell function, was observed between diet and M/I status (P = 0.022). Indeed, this ratio strongly tended to increase in subjects with low M/I consuming the cod protein diet compared with those consuming the BPVEM diet (P = 0.065)., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary cod protein improves insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant individuals and thus could contribute to prevention of type 2 diabetes by reducing the metabolic complications related to insulin resistance.
Effect of dietary cholesterol and fat on cell cholesterol transfer to postprandial plasma in hyperlipidemic men.; Postprandial chylomicrons are potent ultimate acceptors of cell membrane cholesterol and are believed to accelerate reverse cholesterol transport (RCT). We compared the effects of meals rich in polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) and either high (605 mg) or low (151 mg) in cholesterol and a meal rich in dairy fat (DF) in the form of cream on net in vitro transport of red blood cell (RBC) membrane cholesterol to 4 and 6 h postprandial plasma in eight normotriglyceridemic (NTG-H) and eight hypertriglyceridemic (HTG-H) men with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. In HTG-H men, cell cholesterol accumulation in 6-h postprandial plasma was significantly (P = 0.02) less after the PUFA-HC meal compared with the other meals. The significant (P < 0.001) increase in cell plus endogenous cholesterol accumulation in the triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) fraction of 4 h postprandial plasma incubated with RBC was significantly (P = 0.007) higher after the PUFA-HC meal compared with DF meal in HTG-H men. In NTG-H men, cholesterol accumulation in plasma and plasma lipoproteins in the presence and absence of RBC was not significantly affected by the type of meal ingested. These data suggest that addition of large amounts of cholesterol to a PUFA meal may impair diffusion-mediated transport of cell membrane cholesterol to postprandial plasma and that replacing DF with PUFA in a meal increases postprandial lipemia and may potentially increase cholesterol accumulation in atherogenic postprandial TRL in HTG-H men.
Effect of prebiotic galacto-oligosaccharide, long-chain fructo-oligosaccharide infant formula on serum cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels.; OBJECTIVE: Cholesterol is a nutrient of essential importance in infant feeding because it is necessary in membrane development. In adults with high lipid levels, high doses of inulin (oligofructose) inconsistently decreased levels of serum cholesterol. The aim of the present study was to evaluate cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels in infants receiving a formula with a specific mixture of 0.6 g/100 mL of galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS) and long-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (lcFOS) in a ratio of 9/1, a control formula, or breast milk. Because the level of lcFOS in the infant milk is low, we hypothesized that there would be no differences between the formula groups., METHODS: Two hundred fifteen infants were included in a prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial during the first 6 mo of life. Formula-fed infants were randomized to receive a standard infant formula with a specific mixture of 0.6 g/100 mL of GOS/lcFOS, in a ratio of 9/1, or a control formula. Breast-fed infants were randomized to receive one of these two formulas after the mother had decided to discontinue breastfeeding. Serum levels of cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and triacylglycerol were determined at 8 and 26 wk of age and were provided for infants who received the GOS/lcFOS formula or control formula from birth or after cessation of breastfeeding and for the subgroups that were fully fed with breast milk and formula., RESULTS: One hundred eighty-seven infants completed the study. Total cholesterol and LDL levels at 8 and 26 wk were significantly lower in the formula-fed groups than in the breast-fed infants. There were no significant differences between the formula-fed groups. Levels of triacylglycerols and high-density lipoprotein did not differ between groups., CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrated no differences in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in infants receiving an infant formula with GOS/lcFOS from infants receiving a control infant formula. Furthermore, total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol levels were higher in breast-fed infants than in formula-fed infants.
Effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid (isomers cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12) on body composition and metabolic syndrome components.; The effects of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on body weight and body composition in man are controversial. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of milk supplementation with CLA on body composition and on the biochemical parameters of the metabolic syndrome. This was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Subjects were randomised to a daily intake of 500 ml milk supplemented with 3 g CLA (using a mixture of the bioactive isomers cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12, marketed as Tonalin, Naturlinea; Central Lechera Asturiana) or placebo for 12 weeks. Sixty healthy men and women (aged 35-65 years) with signs of the metabolic syndrome participated (BMI 25-35 kg/m2). Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to measure body composition (week 0 baseline and week 12). Total fat mass in the CLA-milk subgroup with a BMI < or = 30 kg/m2 decreased significantly while no changes were detected in the placebo group (approximately 2 %, P = 0.01). Trunk fat mass showed a trend towards reduction (approximately 3 %, P = 0.05). CLA supplementation had no significant effect on the parameters of the metabolic syndrome, nor was it associated with changes in haematological parameters or renal function. The supplementation of milk with 3 g CLA over 12 weeks results in a significant reduction of fat mass in overweight but not in obese subjects. CLA supplementation was not associated with any adverse effects or biological changes.
The effect of drinking milk containing conjugated linoleic acid on fecal microbiological profile, enzymatic activity, and fecal characteristics in humans.; BACKGROUND: The primary objective was to determine whether consumption of conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) affected the fecal microbiota composition, fecal enzyme activity or fecal composition., METHODS: Human subjects consumed (1 L/day) cows' milk (4% fat) containing (5 mg/g fat) cis-9, trans-11 CLA (CONT), (32 mg/g fat) cis-9, trans-11 CLA (NAT) and (32 mg/g fat) trans-10, cis-12 CLA and cis-9, trans-11 CLA (SYN) for 8 weeks, in addition to their normal diet. Milk feeding periods were separated by 4 week washout periods. Fecal samples were obtained at the beginning (day 0) and the end (day 56) of each milk feeding period. Fecal samples were analysed for microbiological profile, enzyme activity, pH and short chain fatty acid content., RESULTS: Samples taken at day 0 and day 56 indicated that the numbers of lactobacilli and bifidobacteria significantly decreased after consumption of all experimental milks; total aerobes, total anaerobes, enterobacteria, and enterococci + streptococci did not change. At day 56, the activities of beta-glucosidase, nitroreductase, and urease enzymes had decreased compared to samples taken on day 0 for all treatments. beta-glucuronidase activity did not change. Fecal pH and ammonia content did not change., CONCLUSION: It was concluded that observed changes could have been attributed to increased milk intake; no differences could be attributed to consumption of the different CLAs.
Plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreases blood cholesterol concentrations in Chinese adults: a randomised controlled trial.; The cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterols in a format suitable for use in China have not previously been investigated. We conducted the study to quantify in adult Chinese the effects on blood lipid concentrations of a plant sterol-enriched milk tea powder. The study was a double-blind, randomised trial in which 309 participants were randomised to receive daily 2.3 or 1.5 g plant sterol supplementation or placebo for 5 weeks. The milk tea was consumed with the two fattiest meals of the day with half the assigned daily dose taken on each occasion. Fasting venous blood samples were collected before commencement and upon completion of randomised treatment. The mean age of study participants was 44 years, 62% were female and 62% had a history of hypercholesterolaemia. Baseline mean total cholesterol was 5.5 mmol/l and LDL-cholesterol was 3.2 mmol/l. Compared with placebo, the 2.3 g/d plant sterol dose reduced total cholesterol by 0.25 (95% CI 0.07, 0.43) mmol/l (P = 0.01) and the 1.5 g/d dose by 0.23 (95% CI 0.06, 0.41) mmol/l (P = 0.01). For LDL-cholesterol the corresponding reductions were 0.17 (95% CI 0.00, 0.35) mmol/l (P = 0.06) and 0.15 (95% CI -0.02, 0.32) mmol/l (P = 0.08). For neither outcome was there evidence of differences between the effects of the two doses (both P values >0.4). In conclusion, the consumption of plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreased cholesterol concentrations although to a lesser extent than was anticipated. The reason for reduced efficacy is unclear but may be attributable to the novel food format used or the Chinese population studied.
Appetite hormones and energy intake in obese men after consumption of fructose, glucose and whey protein beverages.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate appetite responses over 4 h to fructose beverages in obese men, relative to glucose and whey protein. Second, to investigate the effect of combining whey and fructose on postprandial appetite hormones., DESIGN: Randomized, double-blind crossover study of four beverages (1.1 MJ) containing 50 g of whey, fructose, glucose or 25 g whey+25 g fructose. Blood samples and appetite ratings were collected for 4 h then a buffet meal was offered., SUBJECTS: Twenty-eight obese men (age: 57.0+/-1.6 years, body mass index: 32.5+/-0.6 kg/m(2))., MEASUREMENTS: Plasma ghrelin (total), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1 7-36), cholecystokinin-8, glucose, insulin and appetite ratings were assessed at baseline and 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 180, 240 min after beverages, followed by measurement of ad libitum energy intake., RESULTS: Fructose produced lower glycaemia and insulinaemia compared to the glucose treatment (P<0.0001); whereas postprandial ghrelin, GLP-1 and cholecystokinin responses were similar after both treatments. Whey protein produced a prolonged (2-4 h) suppression of ghrelin (P=0.001) and elevation of GLP-1 (P=0.002) and cholecystokinin (P=0.003) that were reduced when combined with fructose, while glucose and insulin responses were similar. Energy intake after 4 h was independent of beverage type (glucose 4.7+/-0.2 MJ; fructose 4.9+/-0.3 MJ; whey 4.6+/-0.3 MJ; whey/fructose 4.8+/-0.3 MJ; P>0.05)., CONCLUSION: In obese men, fructose- and glucose-based beverages had similar effects on appetite and associated regulatory hormones, independent of the differing glycaemic and insulinaemic responses. The contrasting profile of plasma ghrelin, GLP-1 and cholecystokinin after whey protein consumption did not impact on ad libitum intake 4 h later and was attenuated when 50% of whey was replaced with fructose.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of a new isolated soy protein with high levels of nondenaturated protein in hypercholesterolemic patients.; This study was undertaken to compare the effects on plasma cholesterol concentration of a new isolated soy protein in which the protein structure is kept in its native, nondenaturated form (verum 1) versus a conventional isolated soy protein (verum 2) and milk protein (placebo). This prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted in an outpatient clinical study center in Berlin, Germany. Over 8 wk, 120 patients (total cholesterol, 5.2-7.8 mmol/L) were given verum 1, verum 2, or placebo at a dosage of 25 g protein daily. At the end of the treatment period, total cholesterol levels were significantly reduced by 10.7% in the verum 1 group compared with placebo (P<.001), and levels were reduced by 5.8% in the verum 2 group (P=.008). The difference between the 2 verum groups was statistically significant (P=.008). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly reduced with nondenaturated isolated soy protein only: levels were reduced by 9.4% in the verum 1 group (P=.002) and by 4.9% in the verum 2 group (P=.107). Again, the difference between the verum groups was significant (P=.05). The results of this study confirm that supplementation with isolated soy protein can lead to significant reductions in plasma concentrations of total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. These reductions are significantly more pronounced with an isolated soy protein that maintains the native protein structure than with a commercially available reference isolated soy protein.
Effect of a weight-loss program on mental stress-induced cardiovascular responses and recovery.; OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effect of weight loss on blood pressure (BP) and pulse rate during rest, psychological stress, and recovery after stress., METHODS: Two groups of men completed two mental stress tests 12 wk apart. The control group continued their usual diet, whereas the weight-loss group underwent a dietary weight-loss program in which they were randomized to a high-fruit/vegetable and low-fat dairy diet or a low-fat diet., RESULTS: Fifty-five men with a baseline BP of 125.9 +/- 6.9/83.6 +/- 7.1 mmHg (mean +/- SD) completed the study (weight-loss group, n = 28; control group, n = 27). The weight-loss group lost weight (mean +/- SEM, -4.3 +/- 0.3 versus +0.4 +/- 0.4 kg, P = 0.001) compared with controls and had a significant decrease in resting systolic BP (SBP; -2.0 +/- 1.1% versus +2.0 +/- 1.1%, P < 0.05). There was a greater decrease in SBP (P < 0.05) and pulse rate (P < 0.05) at all time points during the stress test in the weight loss compared with the control group. At week 12, SBP in 23 (82%) subjects in the weight-loss group and 24 (89%) in the control group returned to resting levels, with recovering levels in the weight-loss group returning to resting levels 6.1 +/- 2.6 min earlier than in the control group (P < 0.05). There was an overall greater decrease in diastolic BP (DBP; P < 0.05) and DBP during recovery up to 27 min after stress (P < 0.05) in the high-fruit/vegetable and low-fat dairy diet group (n = 14) compared with the low-fat diet group (n = 14)., CONCLUSION: A 5% loss of weight decreased BP during rest and returned SBP to resting levels faster, thus decreasing the period of increased BP as a result of mental stress, which is likely to lower the risk of cardiovascular disease in the long term.
Effect of increased dairy consumption on appetitive ratings and food intake.; OBJECTIVE: The influence of dairy product consumption on food intake and appetitive sensations was explored in a cross-over design study with individuals who were habitually low (<1 serving/d) or high (>3 servings/d) dairy consumers., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Fifty-eight participants were required to eat one portion of dairy each day (low dairy) or three portions of dairy each day (high dairy) for 7 days. After a 7-day washout period, the opposite treatment condition was completed. Food intake and appetitive ratings were measured on each day of the treatment periods., RESULTS: During the high-dairy period, participants consumed 209 kcal/d more than during the low dairy period (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in subjective appetite ratings. Habitual dairy use did not influence either the appetitive or dietary findings., DISCUSSION: These data indicate that increasing dairy consumption may lead to increased energy intake, which could potentially cause weight gain.
Dietary patterns and blood pressure change over 5-y follow-up in the SU.VI.MAX cohort.; BACKGROUND: Although short-term effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on blood pressure have been shown in intervention studies, less is known about the long-term effects., OBJECTIVE: The aim was to study the relation between dietary patterns based on DASH diet characteristics and blood pressure (BP) and BP change in a clinical trial of antioxidants conducted in France from 1994 to 2002., DESIGN: Repeated 24-h dietary records were collected during the first year of follow-up. Dietary variables studied included fruit and vegetables, dairy products and fat (defined by Keys score), and two hypothesis-oriented scores based on the DASH diet. We performed a cross-sectional analysis of BP measured at the first clinical examination (1995-1996) in 4652 participants aged 35-63 y and a longitudinal analysis of BP change over a median follow-up of 5.4 y (n = 2341)., RESULTS: The mean increases in systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) BPs were 9.3 and 4.5 mm Hg, respectively. After adjustment for potential confounders, higher fruit and vegetable consumption was associated with lower SBP and DBP at first clinical examination (P for trend < 0.02 for both) and a lower 5-y increase in SBP (-2.1 mm Hg in the 4th compared with the 1st quartile; P for trend < 0.004) and DBP (-0.7 mm Hg in the 4th compared with the 1st quartile; P for trend < 0.03). The 2 DASH scores also were significantly associated with a lower BP at the first clinical examination and a lower BP increase. No significant relations were observed with dairy products or Keys score in either analyses., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that high fruit and vegetable intakes may be associated with a lower increase in BP with aging.
Dairy products, calcium and the risk of breast cancer: results of the French SU.VI.MAX prospective study.; The aim was to estimate the association between dairy products (total and their subgroups), calcium intake and the risk of breast cancer. As few studies have considered menopausal status, we also investigated stratified analyses. This analysis included 3,627 women from the French SU.VI.MAX study, among whom 92 developed breast cancer during the follow-up period. Food consumption was assessed based on five 24-hour records completed during the previous 18 months to follow-up. Calcium intake was calculated using an ad-hoc food composition database. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate relative risk (RR), comparing 4th quartile vs. 1st quartile, and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). A lower risk of breast cancer was observed with high total dairy product consumption in the whole population (RR = 0.55, 95% CI = 0.29-1.03, p(trend) = 0.03) and among premenopausal women with a RR of 0.35 (95% CI = 0.12-0.95, p(trend) = 0.01). None of these associations remained after control for calcium intake. Increasing calcium intake was inversely associated with breast cancer risk considering the whole population (RR = 0.50, 95% CI = 0.27-0.91, p(trend) = 0.04) and among the subgroup of premenopausal women (RR = 0.26, 95% CI = 0.10-0.71, p(trend) = 0.01) respectively. Our data support the hypothesis that dairy products, through calcium content or a correlated component, might have a negative association with the risk of breast cancer, particularly among premenopausal women. Copyright 2007 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Effect of Bifidobacterium bifidum fermented milk on Helicobacter pylori and serum pepsinogen levels in humans.; Helicobacter pylori infection is an important risk factor for gastric diseases. Some probiotics are useful for suppressing H. pylori infection. Bifidobacterium bifidum YIT 4007 can improve the experimental gastric injury in rats and the disease stages on the gastric mucosa in peptic ulcer patients. We evaluated the fermented milk using a clone (BF-1) having the stronger ability to survive in the product than this parent strain to clarify the in vitro suppressive effect of BF-1 on H. pylori and the in vivo efficacy of BF-1 fermented milk on H. pylori and gastric health. In the mixed culture assay of BF-1 and H. pylori, the number of pathogens was decreased such that it was not detected after 48 h in the Brucella broth with a decrease in pH values. In the cell culture experiment with human gastric cells, the H. pylori infection-induced IL-8 secretion was suppressed by the preincubation of BF-1. In a human study of 12-wk ingestion (BF-1 group, n = 40; placebo group, n = 39) with a randomized double-blind placebo-control design, the H. pylori urease activity and gastric situation were evaluated using a urea breath test (UBT) and the serum pepsinogen (PG) levels as biomarkers for inflammation or atrophy, respectively. In the H. pylori-positive subjects, the difference (DeltaUBT) of the UBT value from the baseline value in the BF-1 group (n = 34) was lower than that in the placebo group (n = 35) at 8 wk. The baseline UBT values showed a negative correlation with DeltaUBT values at 8 and 12 wk in the BF-1 group but not in the placebo. In the PG-positive subjects classified by the PG test method, the BF-1 group was lower in DeltaUBT values than the placebo group at 8 and 12 wk. In the active gastritis class by PG levels, the BF-1 group was lower in their DeltaUBT values than the placebo at 8 and 12 wk. The PG I levels in the BF-1 group were lower than the placebo at 12 wk. The PG II levels in the BF-1 group did not change during the ingestion period, but the placebo was increased. The PG I/II ratios slightly decreased from baseline at 12 and 20 wk in the BF-1 and placebo groups. These patterns were also observed in the H. pylori-positive subjects. The improving rates of upper gastrointestinal symptomatic subjects and total symptom numbers in the BF-1 group were higher than those in the placebo. These results indicate that BF-1 fermented milk may affect H. pylori infection or its activity, gastric mucosal situation, and the emergence of upper gastrointestinal symptoms.
Vehicle-controlled, randomized, double-blind study to assess safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream applied once daily 3 days per week in one or two courses of treatment of actinic keratoses on the head.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod has been investigated as a safe and effective therapeutic option for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK)., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate imiquimod vs. vehicle applied three times a week for 4 weeks in one or two courses of treatment for AK on the face or balding scalp., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients diagnosed with AK were enrolled in this multicentre, vehicle-controlled, double-blind study conducted in Europe. Twenty study centres enrolled a total of 259 patients in this study. Patients applied the study drug for 4 weeks, entered a 4-week rest period and if they did not have complete clearance, they then entered a second course of treatment., RESULTS: Patients in the imiquimod group had an overall complete clearance rate of 55.0% (71/129) vs. a rate of 2.3% (3/130) for the vehicle group. There was a high rate of agreement between the clinical assessment and histological findings with respect to AK lesion clearance. At both 8-week post-treatment visits, the negative predictive value of the investigator assessment was 92.2% for clinical assessments vs. histological results., CONCLUSIONS: A 4-week course of treatment with three times weekly dosing of imiquimod 5% cream, with a repeated course of treatment for those patients who fail to clear after the first course of treatment, is a safe and effective treatment for AK. The overall complete clearance rate (complete clearance after either course 1 or course 2) is comparable to the 16-week treatment regimen, while decreasing drug exposure to the patient and decreasing the overall treatment time.
Randomized controlled safety and efficacy trial of 2 vitamin A supplementation schedules in Tanzanian infants.; BACKGROUND: Vitamin A supplementation reduces morbidity and mortality in children living in areas endemic for vitamin A deficiency. Routine vitamin A supplementation usually starts only at age 9 mo, but high rates of illness and mortality are seen in the first months of life., OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of vitamin A supplementation at the same time as routine vaccination in infants aged 1-3 mo., DESIGN: We recruited 780 newborn infants and their mothers to a randomized double-blind controlled trial in Ifakara in southern Tanzania. In one group, mothers received 60,000 microg vitamin A palmitate shortly after delivery, and their infants received 7500 microg at the same time as vaccinations given at approximately 1, 2, and 3 mo of age. In the other group, mothers received a second 60,000-microg dose when their infant was aged 1 mo, and their infants received 15,000 microg at the same time as the routine vaccinations. VAD was defined as a modified relative dose-response test result of >or=0.060., RESULTS: High-dose vitamin A supplementation was well tolerated. The relative risk of VAD at 6 mo in the high-dose group compared with the lower dose group was 0.91 (95% CI: 0.76, 1.09; P=0.32). Serum retinol and incidence of illness did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. Some vitamin A capsules degraded toward the end of the study., CONCLUSIONS: Doubling the doses of vitamin A to mothers and their young infants is safe but unlikely to reduce short-term morbidity or to substantially enhance the biochemical vitamin A status of infants at age 6 mo. The stability of vitamin A capsules merits further investigation.
Effect of human milk fortification in appropriate for gestation and small for gestation preterm babies: a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To study the effects of human milk fortification on short term growth and biochemical parameters in preterm very low birth weight (VLBW) appropriate for gestation (AGA) and small for gestation (SGA) babies., DESIGN: Prospective, randomized controlled trial., SETTING: Level III neonatal unit., SUBJECTS: Preterm infants weighing < or = 1500 grams and < or = 34 weeks of gestation born between March 2001 to June 2002., METHODS: Babies (n =166) were randomized in two groups either to get fortified human milk or exclusive human milk along with mineral and vitamin supplementation when feed volume reached 150 mL/Kg/day. Fortification was done with a powdered fortifier added in expressed breast milk and continued till the baby reached 2 Kg or full breast feeds. Primary outcome measures were Short-term growth (daily weight, length and head circumference (HC) weekly) till discharge or 2 Kg., RESULTS: Fortification (n = 85, birth weight 1202 g, gestation 30.8 wk) resulted in better growth in preterm VLBW babies as compared to control group (n=81, birth weight 1259 g, gestation 31.3 wk). Weight gain (15.1 and 12.9 g/kg/d, P <0.001), length (1.04 and 0.86 cm/week, P = 0.017) and HC (0.83 and 0.75 cm/week, P<0.001) increased significantly in fortified group. SGA babies showed significant improvements in weight (16 g/Kg/d and 12.9 g/kg/d, P = 0.002) and length (1.09 cm/week and 0.92 cm/week, P = 0.042) in fortified group (n = 38) as compared to control group (n = 29). In AGA subgroup, there was significant increase (P = 0.006) in length (1 cm vs 0.82 cm) in fortified group but no difference in weight (P = 0.12) or HC (P=0.054) in fortified (n=47) vs control (n=52) group. Biochemical parameters were comparable, however feed intolerance was more in control group., CONCLUSION: Preterm VLBW babies showed better growth with human milk fortification. The effect is significant in SGA (weight and length)rather than AGA (only length) babies.
Hindmilk and weight gain in preterm very low-birthweight infants.; BACKGROUND: Feeding of own mother's milk to preterm very low-birthweight infants often results in suboptimal weight gain in these infants for whom energy requirements are high but in whom volume tolerance is limited. Therefore the purpose of the present paper was to investigate the effect of selective hindmilk feeding on the growth of preterm very low-birthweight babies., METHODS: Preterm very low-birthweight babies admitted into the Special Care Baby Unit of the Jos University Teaching Hospital, Nigeria between April 2000 and July 2001 were randomized to hindmilk and composite breast milk feeding for 2 weeks. End-points were weight, occipitofrontal head circumference and length., RESULTS: For small-for-gestational-age babies, the infants fed on hindmilk gained weight at a mean rate of 12.92 +/- 10.95 g/kg per day as compared with a mean rate of 5.01 +/- 17.37 g/kg per day for their controls on composite milk (P < 0.0001). For appropriate-for-gestational-age babies, the mean rate of weight gain for the hindmilk group was 12.99 +/- 10.75 g/kg per day while that for their controls on composite milk was 8.29 +/- 20.56 g/kg per day (P < 0.01). There were no significant differences in the rates of increase in length and occipitofrontal head circumference between the groups. The lipid content of the hindmilk was 1.6-fold that of composite milk., CONCLUSION: Preterm very low-birthweight babies fed hindmilk had a higher rate of weight gain compared to those fed composite milk. It is recommended that the hindmilk fraction of expressed breast milk be predominantly used for the feeding of preterm very low-birthweight babies while in hospital to help shorten their duration of hospital stay.
Early human milk feeding is associated with a lower risk of necrotizing enterocolitis in very low birth weight infants.; BACKGROUND: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a frequent cause of mortality and morbidity in very low birth weight (VLBW) infants. Human milk (HM) feeding has been associated with lower risk of NEC. However, mothers of VLBW infants often experience insufficient milk production, resulting in mixed feedings of HM and formula. Moreover, medical complications often limit the volume of feeding they can be given., OBJECTIVE: To determine if high proportions of (50% or greater) HM enteral feeding within the first 14 days of life are protective against NEC., METHOD: This was a prospective cohort study of VLBW infants who were grouped according to the HM proportion of enteral feeding in the first 14 days: <50% (low human milk, LHM, n=46) and > or =50% (high human milk, HHM, n=156). The outcome of interest was development of NEC (Bell stage 2 or 3). Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) and to assess potential confounding due to perinatal risk factors., RESULT: Two hundred and two infants were studied. Confirmed NEC occurred in 5/46 (10.6%) of the LHM group, as compared with 5/156 (3.2%) of the HHM. Gestational age was the only perinatal factor associated with risk of NEC. After adjustment for gestational age, HHM was associated with a lower risk of NEC ((OR=0.17, 95% CI: 0.04 to 0.68), P=0.01)., CONCLUSION: Enteral feeding containing at least 50% HM in the first 14 days of life was associated with a sixfold decrease in the odds of NEC.
Comparison of the effect of a cornstarch thickened formula and strengthened regular formula on regurgitation, gastric emptying and weight gain in infantile regurgitation.; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of a specially selected cornstarch-supplemented formula on clinical symptoms, gastric emptying and weight gain in infants with regurgitation. We performed a prospective randomised trial evaluating the therapeutic efficacy of two different formula feedings (cornstarch-thickened formula, group A; 25% strengthened formula, group B) in 81 young infants with regurgitation/vomiting > or = 3 times/day. A Tc-99 m milk scintigraphy was performed at inclusion and after 2 months to quantify gastric emptying time; all studied infants underwent a 2-month period of clinical follow-up evaluating regurgitation and body weight gain. At inclusion, group A and B had a similar age and weight. After the 2-month period of intervention, regurgitation and vomiting had both greater decrease (both P < 0.001 at 1 and 2 months) in group A (from a score of 4.19 +/- 1.71 to 0.93 +/- 0.42) than in group B (from a score of 4.15 +/- 1.68 to 2.89 +/- 1.16). Non-regurgitation symptoms (irritability, cough, choking, night-waking) decreased (P = 0.045 at 1 month and 0.017 at 2 months) in group A (from a score of 18 at baseline to 3 after 8 weeks) as compared to group B (from a score of 18 at baseline to 11 after 8 weeks). Weight increased more in group A (29.1 +/- 3.9 g/day over 8 weeks) versus group B (23.6 +/- 3.5 g/day over 8 weeks) (P < 0.01 at 1 and 2 months) Gastric emptying improved significantly in group A as compared with group B (all P < 0.001 for T1/2, and residual volume at 60 and 90 min). Ingested feeding volume was significantly larger in the group receiving cornstarch-thickened formula, both at 4 weeks (109.4 +/- 24.5 vs. 98.5 +/- 23.6 mL/meal) (P: 0.042) and at 8 weeks (137.6 +/- 27.9 vs. 115.7 +/- 26.5 mL/meal) (P < 0.001). Cornstarch-thickened formula feeding decreases the frequency of regurgitation/vomiting, provides better body weight gain and has an accelerated gastric emptying in comparison to a 25% strengthened regular formula in infants with regurgitation.
Effect of Kluyveromyces marxianus YIT 8292 crude cell wall fraction on serum lipids in normocholesterolemic and mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.; The hypocholesterolemic effects of Kluyveromyces marxianus YIT 8292 crude cell wall (KM-CW) were examined. In pilot studies, KM-CW tablets were administered to mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects at doses of 8.0, 4.0, 2.0, or 1.0 g/d for 4 weeks. Total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) decreased at doses above 2.0 and 4.0 g/d, respectively. Further, we examined the effect of intake of yogurt containing 3.0 or 4.0 g of KM-CW/d for 8 weeks in normal and hypercholesterolemic subjects in a double-blind placebo-controlled study. The intake of either of the KM-CW-containing yogurts was associated with significantly improved TC and LDL-C in hypercholesterolemic subjects, but had no effect on these levels in normal subjects. TC was significantly lower at week 8 in the hypercholesterolemic subjects who ingested yogurt containing 3.0 or 4.0 g of KM-CW than in those who consumed placebo yogurt. Intake of KM-CW might contribute to the prevention of hypercholesterolemia.
Oxidative stress and antioxidant protection in the perinatal period.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Oxidative stress is implicated in the pathophysiology of disorders during pregnancy, childbirth and the postnatal period, but open questions exist on the effects of antioxidants, the role of oxidative stress during resuscitation and the antioxidative protection of human milk., RECENT FINDINGS: In a randomized controlled trial, fish oil supplementation to pregnant women did not enhance oxidative stress. Two randomized controlled trials supplementing high dosages of both vitamins C and E did not show any reduction in the incidence of preeclampsia. A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing resuscitation of asphyxiated infants either with 100% oxygen or with room air demonstrated significantly lower neonatal mortality with use of room air. Antioxidative properties of human milk were greater in milk from mothers of term than of preterm infants., SUMMARY: Increased levels of oxidative stress and reduced antioxidative capacities may contribute to the pathogenesis of disorders in the perinatal period. Based on the available evidence, supplementation of pregnant women with high dosages of both vitamin C and E cannot be recommended. Asphyxiated newborn infants should be resuscitated with room air rather than with 100% oxygen. Breastfeeding appears beneficial in providing antioxidative protection.
Efficacy of breast milk gastric lavage in preterm neonates.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate effects of gastric lavage with mother's milk starting 4 hours after birth, in hospitalized preterm newborns otherwise on exclusive parenteral fluids., METHOD:, STUDY DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial. Sick preterm babies were assigned to receive in addition to parenteral fluids, either gastric lavage with mother's milk within 4 hours of birth and subsequently every 3 hours till tolerance of nutritive enteral feeds (intervention or BML group, n = 40), or remain nil per orally till tolerance of nutritive enteral feeds (control or NPO group, n = 40). The main outcome was the mean number of days of parenteral fluids till successful tolerance of nutritive enteral feeds. They were also evaluated for mean duration of hospital stay, development of new complications, and mortality., RESULT: Despite sicker babies in the BML group at baseline, the mean duration of exclusive parenteral fluid was significantly less (P = 0.003) in BML (3.9 +/- 1.5 days as compared to 5.4 +/- 2.6 days in NPO). In the NPO group 60% of the babies stayed longer than 3 weeks in hospital compared to only 30% in the BML group. The risk of development of new complication after randomization was also significantly less in BML group [RR 0.61 (95% CI 0.40-0.95) (P=0.03)]. Incidence of sepsis was 44% less in BML group [30% in BML, 55% in NPO group; RR 0.58; 95% CI 0.35-0.97; P = 0.02]. On multivariate logistic regression, BML group, birth weight and absence of complication at the time of hospitalization were strong predictors of improved outcome. There was no difference in mortality between 2 groups., CONCLUSION: This study showed that early exposure to even small amounts of mother's milk in sick preterm neonates significantly reduced the days on parenteral fluids, risk of sepsis and the duration of hospital stay without any adverse effect.
Metabolic effects of amino acid mixtures and whey protein in healthy subjects: studies using glucose-equivalent drinks.; BACKGROUND: Milk protein, in particular the whey fraction, has been shown to display insulinotrophic properties in healthy persons and persons with type 2 diabetes. In parallel to the hyperinsulinemia, a pronounced postprandial rise of certain amino acids and of glucose-dependent insulinotrophic polypeptide (GIP) was observed in plasma., OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine to what extent the insulinotrophic properties of whey could be simulated by specific amino acid mixtures., DESIGN: Twelve healthy volunteers were served drinks consisting of pure glucose (reference drink) or glucose supplemented with free amino acids or whey proteins (test drinks)., RESULTS: A test drink with the branched-chain amino acids isoleucine, leucine, and valine resulted in significantly higher insulin responses than did the glucose reference. A drink containing glucose and leucine, isoleucine, valine, lysine, and threonine mimicked the glycemic and insulinemic responses seen after whey ingestion. With consumption of this drink, the glucose area under the curve (AUC) was 44% smaller (P < 0.05) and the insulin AUC was 31% larger (NS) than with consumption of the reference drink. With consumption of the whey drink, the AUCs were 56% smaller (glucose; P < 0.05) and 60% larger (insulin; P < 0.05), respectively, than with the reference drink. The whey drink was accompanied by an 80% greater GIP response (P < 0.05), whereas the drinks containing free amino acids did not significantly affect GIP secretion., CONCLUSION: A mixture of leucine, isoleucine, valine, lysine, and threonine resulted in glycemic and insulinemic responses closely mimicking those seen after whey ingestion in the absence of an additional effect of GIP and glucagon-like peptide 1.
Electric breast pump use increases maternal milk volume in African nurseries.; Health experts worldwide recognize breastmilk as the superior infant food. Recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics and the World Health Organization (WHO) identify exclusive breastfeeding for the first half-year of life and continuation of breastfeeding into toddlerhood as offering maximum protection from illness, providing a substrate for immunological protection. Data from developed countries identify increasing morbidity and mortality rates for infants who have never received breastmilk in life and demonstrate that infants benefit from exclusive breastfeeding, especially, in areas of severe poverty. Preterm infants, most at risk for morbidity and mortality in developing countries, are identified as needing their own mother's milk for survival. Exclusive feeding of own mothers' milk (OMM) is associated with improved infant survival; however, inadequate maternal milk volume (MMV) often necessitates adding artificial feedings or exogenous substances to OMM. The objective of this study was to compare mean daily MMV for mothers of premature or sick infants in special care nurseries (SCN) using one of three methods of OMM expression: electric breast pump, non-electric pedal breast pump, and hand (manual) expression. We studied 65 mothers whose infants were cared for in two SCN in Africa (Kenya and Nigeria) and were unable to feed directly at the breast. In this randomized trial, mothers were randomly assigned to one of three milk expression groups at birth. MMV, the dependent variable, was measured for an average of 8.7 days. MMV for the electric and pedal pump and hand milk expression was 578 +/- 228 ml (n = 22), 463 +/- 302 ml (n = 24) and 323 +/- 199 ml (n = 19), respectively. Data were evaluated using a one-way ANOVA (p = 0.014). The Tukey revealed significant differences (p < 0.01) between electric breast pump expression and hand expression but not between the electric and pedal pump or the pedal pump and hand expression. Findings revealed greater MMV with electric breast pumps than hand-expression for mothers of infants in African nurseries. This data has important implications for international policy if exclusive OMM feeding is to be achieved for the vulnerable infant. Funded by West Virginia University Department of Research and Graduate Studies HSC Grant # 2U023U; Non-monetary donations of breast pumps and breast pump kits were made by Medela (Medela, Inc., McHenry, IL, USA).
Topical fat reduction from the waist.; OBJECTIVE: Topical fat reduction from the thigh in women using aminophylline cream has been demonstrated, but the local fat reduction in other body areas or in men by lowering the local lipolytic threshold has not been demonstrated. This study is designed to test the hypothesis that aminophylline cream application to the waist will reduce waist circumference compared with a control., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Fifty men and women who are 21-65 years of age with a BMI greater than 27 kg/m(2) and a waist to hip ratio > or =average were randomized in a 1 : 1 ratio to 0.5% aminophylline cream to the waist twice a day or no treatment to the waist. All subjects were instructed to follow a 1200 kcal balanced diet, participate in a walking program and return biweekly to encourage compliance. A theophylline level was drawn monthly, and the waist, BMI and waist to hip ratio were remeasured at 12 weeks., RESULTS: At week 12, there was a significant reduction in BMI from baseline that was not different between the groups. The reduction in waist circumference was 11 +/- 1.0 cm in the aminophylline cream group and 5.0 +/- 0.6 cm in the control group (p < 0.001). The reduction in waist circumference was significant for both women and men, but the women lost significantly more waist girth. The waist to hip ratio, a measure of fat distribution, declined. Aminophylline levels were undetectable, and there were no adverse events., DISCUSSION: Aminophylline cream offers a safe and effective method for cosmetic local fat reduction from the waist.
Influence of intervention on beverage choices: trends in the dietary intervention study in children (DISC).; OBJECTIVE: To compare treatment, sex, and visit differences in beverage choice and calcium intake in the Dietary Intervention Study in Children, to compare the relationship of other beverages to milk consumption, and document whether or not the dietary intervention affected choice of beverage and milk type over time., DESIGN: Data from the Dietary Intervention Study in Children, a randomized, controlled, multicenter, clinical trial with five sets of three 24-hour recalls., SUBJECTS: Six hundred fifty-three children from six clinics started the study at age 8 to 10 years. Participants had serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels between the 80th and 98th percentiles of age, and were followed for a median of 7.3 years., INTERVENTION: Children were randomized to a total fat- and saturated fat-modified dietary intervention or usual care., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Volume and percent of total energy from soft drinks, fruit-flavored drinks, fruit juice, and milk, calcium intake in milligrams and per 1,000 kcal, and percent reduced-fat and skim milk consumed., STATISTICAL ANALYSES: General Estimating Equations methodology was used to adjust for treatment, sex, and visit differences., RESULTS: The intervention group consumed more reduced-fat or skim milk than the usual care group. The intervention group also reported a greater increase in calcium per 1,000 kcal than those in the usual care group due to nonbeverage sources. Consumption of soft drinks increased over the course of the study, whereas total milk consumption decreased sharply., CONCLUSIONS: With nutrition education, children can make changes in the type of milk consumed, and in the quantity of dietary calcium consumed.
The analgesic efficacy of lidocaine/prilocaine (EMLA) cream during fine-needle aspiration biopsy of thyroid nodules.; OBJECTIVE: Pain is one of the few drawbacks of fine-needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) in patients with nodular thyroid disease (NTD). Lidocaine/prilocaine cream, an eutectic mixture of local anaesthetics (EMLA), is a frequently used topical anaesthetic. Despite its well-documented efficacy for the relief of pain associated with other cutaneous procedures that involve needle insertion, the analgesic role of EMLA has not been previously reported in patients with NTD who are undergoing FNAB. The aim of this study was to determine the analgesic efficacy of EMLA for FNAB-associated pain in patients with NTD., DESIGN: Double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial., PATIENTS: The study was conducted at a thyroid outpatient clinic. We studied 99 patients with NTD., MEASUREMENTS: Patients with NTD were allocated to receive either 2.5 g of EMLA (n = 50) or placebo (n = 49) 60 min before ultrasonographically guided FNAB. A series of four biopsies of each nodule was performed. Patients rated pain associated with the procedure according to a 100-mm visual analogue scale (VAS), an 11-point numeric rating scale (NRS), and 4-category verbal rating scale (VRS)., RESULTS: When the EMLA group was compared with the placebo group, there were no significant differences with respect to age, sex, thyroid volume, nodule size or nodule site. Significant differences were noted in the pain ratings of the two groups according to all three pain scales. When the effectiveness of EMLA was compared with that of placebo, the mean VAS score was 25.0 +/- 22.3 mm vs. 40.0 +/- 30.5 mm (P = 0.006) and the mean NRS score was 2.9 +/- 2.3 points vs. 4.0 +/- 2.6 points (P = 0.02). The absolute numbers according to VRS score in each group was also significantly different (P = 0.01). Although our sample size was small, the data suggest that FNAB-associated pain was sex-related and that women were significantly more sensitive than were men (P = 0.003 for VAS score and P = 0.001 for NRS score). No adverse effects from the use of EMLA were reported., CONCLUSIONS: To our knowledge, this is the first study demonstrating that a topical anaesthetic, EMLA, provides an effective and noninvasive analgesia during the FNAB of NTD.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory peptides from a lactotripeptide-enriched milk beverage are absorbed intact into the circulation.; Food products containing angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory peptides reportedly play a role in treatment of mild hypertension. The aim of this placebo-controlled crossover study was to assess the bioavailability of Ile-Pro-Pro and 7 other ACE-inhibiting peptides present in a lactotripeptide (LTP)-enriched yogurt beverage and whether meal intake affects Ile-Pro-Pro bioavailability. Six male and female subjects randomly consumed an LTP-enriched yogurt beverage or a placebo in the fasted state and an LTP-enriched yogurt beverage in the fed or fasted state. The area under the curve (AUC) of Ile-Pro-Pro after the LTP treatment in the fasted state was 2.1-fold of that after the placebo treatment (P < 0.001). The maximum peptide plasma concentration (C(max)) value was greater after consumption of the LTP-enriched beverage (897 +/- 157 pmol/L) than after the placebo treatment (555 +/- 0.09 pmol/L; P < 0.001) with a greater time after ingestion when reaching C(max) (T(max)) in the placebo treatment. Plasma concentrations of the peptides Leu-Trp, Phe-Tyr, Ile-Tyr, and Leu-Pro-Pro increased compared with baseline (P < 0.05) in the LTP-enriched and placebo treatment when consumed in the fasted state. However, DeltaC(max) values differed significantly between the placebo and LTP-enriched treatment only for Leu-Pro-Pro. Meal intake affected Ile-Pro-Pro concentrations. When the beverage was consumed after a meal, the AUC of Ile-Pro-Pro was 1.3-fold (P < 0.05) of the AUC derived from premeal intake. This was due to an increase in the plasma elimination half-life (P < 0.05); C(max) and T(max) were not affected by meal intake. In summary, this is the first demonstration, to our knowledge, that the tripeptide Ile-Pro-Pro selectively escapes from intestinal degradation and reaches the circulation undegraded.
Vitamin D and reduced risk of breast cancer: a population-based case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Vitamin D, antiproliferative and proapoptotic in breast cancer cell lines, can reduce the development of mammary tumors in carcinogen-exposed rats. Current evidence in humans is limited with some suggestion that vitamin D-related factors may reduce the risk of breast cancer. We conducted a population-based case-control study to assess the evidence for a relationship between sources of vitamin D and breast cancer risk., METHODS: Women with newly diagnosed invasive breast cancer were identified from the Ontario Cancer Registry. Women without breast cancer were identified through randomly selected residential telephone numbers. Telephone interviews were completed for 972 cases and 1,135 controls. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for vitamin D-related variables were estimated using unconditional logistic regression with adjustment for potential confounders., RESULTS: Reduced breast cancer risks were associated with increasing sun exposure from ages 10 to 19 (e.g., OR, 0.65; 95% CI, 0.50-0.85 for the highest quartile of outdoor activities versus the lowest; P for trend = 0.0006). Reduced risk was also associated with cod liver oil use (OR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.62-0.92) and increasing milk consumption (OR, 0.62 95% CI 0.45-0.86 for >or=10 glasses per week versus none; P for trend = 0.0004). There was weaker evidence for associations from ages 20 to 29 and no evidence for ages 45 to 54., CONCLUSION: We found strong evidence to support the hypothesis that vitamin D could help prevent breast cancer. However, our results suggest that exposure earlier in life, particularly during breast development, maybe most relevant. These results should be confirmed.
Effect of dairy calcium or supplementary calcium intake on postprandial fat metabolism, appetite, and subsequent energy intake.; BACKGROUND: High calcium intake has been shown to increase fecal fat excretion., OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to examine whether a high calcium intake from dairy products or from supplements affects postprandial fat metabolism and appetite through fat malabsorption., DESIGN: Four different isocaloric meals were tested in 18 subjects according to a randomized crossover design. The test meals contained high (HC meal: 172 mg/MJ), medium (MC meal: 84 mg/MJ), or low (LC meal: 15 mg/MJ) amounts of calcium from dairy products or a high amount of calcium given as a calcium carbonate supplement (Suppl meal: 183 mg/MJ). Concentrations of plasma total triacylglycerol, chylomicron triacylglycerol, serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, cholecystokinin, glucagon-like peptide 1, ghrelin, peptide YY, glucose, and insulin and appetite sensation were measured before and at regular intervals until 420 min postprandially., RESULTS: Dairy calcium significantly diminished the postprandial lipid response. The baseline adjusted area under the curve for chylomicron triacylglycerol was approximately 17% lower after the MC meal (P = 0.02) and approximately 19% lower after the HC meal (P = 0.007) than after the LC meal and approximately 15% lower after the MC meal (P = 0.0495) and approximately 17% lower after the HC meal (P = 0.02) than after the Suppl meal. No consistent effects of calcium on appetite sensation, or on energy intake at the subsequent meal, or on the postprandial responses of cholecystokinin, glucagon-like peptide 1, ghrelin, peptide YY, insulin, or glucose were observed., CONCLUSIONS: Increased calcium intakes from dairy products attenuate postprandial lipidemia, most probably because of reduced fat absorption, whereas supplementary calcium carbonate does not exert such an effect. This may be due to differences in the chemical form of calcium or to cofactors in dairy products. Calcium did not affect appetite sensation, glucose metabolism, or gut hormone secretion.
Does dairy calcium intake enhance weight loss among overweight diabetic patients?.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of dairy calcium consumption on weight loss and improvement in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes indicators among overweight diabetic patients., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was an ancillary study of a 6-month randomized clinical trial assessing the effect of three isocaloric diets in type 2 diabetic patients: 1) mixed glycemic index carbohydrate diet, 2) low-glycemic index diet, and 3) modified Mediterranean diet. Low-fat dairy product consumption varied within and across the groups by personal choice. Dietary intake, weight, CVD risk factors, and diabetes indexes were measured at baseline and at 6 months., RESULTS: A total of 259 diabetic patients were recruited with an average BMI >31 kg/m2 and mean age of 55 years. No difference was found at baseline between the intervention groups in CVD risk factors, diabetes indicators, macronutrient intake, and nutrient intake from dairy products. Dairy calcium intake was associated with percentage of weight loss. Among the high tertile of dairy calcium intake, the odds ratio for weight loss of >8% was 2.4, P = 0.04, compared with the first tertile, after controlling for nondairy calcium intake, diet type, and the change in energy intake from baseline. No association was noted between dairy calcium and other health indexes except for triglyceride levels., CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in dairy calcium intake enhances weight reduction in type 2 diabetic patients. Such a diet could be tried in diabetic patients, especially those with difficulty adhering to other weight reduction diets.
Calcium supply, bone mineral density and genetically defined lactose maldigestion in a cohort of elderly men.; OBJECTIVE: To examine a relationship of molecularly defined lactose malabsorption (LM; by LCT-polymorphism) to calcium supply, bone mineral density (BMD) and parameters of bone metabolism in an elderly male cohort. Furthermore, to reveal gender differences in BMD, calcium consumption rates and parameters of bone metabolism according to LCT polymorphism in an existing female cohort., SETTING AND SUBJECTS: A total of 239 men, aged 61+/-9 yr, were available from a former population based study cohort. All men were of Caucasian origin and came from the same region. Blood was sampled for genotyping of the LCT polymorphism and determination of markers of bone metabolism. All participants underwent physical examination, measurement of bone density and completed a standardized calcium questionnaire. Identical procedures had been carried out in a female cohort before (no. 350)., RESULTS: Distribution of the LCT genotype in the study cohort was 27% CC (associated with LM; adult-type hypolactasia), 55% TC and 18% TT (lactase persistence). Amounts of total ingested calcium were similar among the three genotype groups. Amounts of consumed milk were generally low in men, LCT polymorphism did not influence rates of milk consumption for men preferred other sources of calcium. BMD, markers of bone metabolism and fracture rates did not differ. General anthropometric characteristics did not differ between the LCT groups either., CONCLUSIONS: Under conditions of low milk intake LCT polymorphism does not alter bone density, markers of bone metabolism and fractures in this cohort of elderly Caucasian men.
A follow-up study on the effects of a milk supplement on bone mineral density of postmenopausal Chinese women in Malaysia.; BACKGROUND: A previous study on a randomized controlled trial in 173 postmenopausal Chinese women in Kuala Lumpur showed that milk supplementation was effective to reduce bone loss at the total body, lumbar spine, femoral neck and total hip compared to the control group on a usual diet (Chee et al. 2003)., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether the results were sustained after the conclusion of the study., DESIGN: A follow-up study, 18 months after a randomized controlled trial of milk supplementation was concluded. A total of 139 participants were followed up 21 months after the study ended. Bone mineral density (BMD) was measured at the total body, lumbar spine, femoral neck and total hip by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, and anthropometric measurements as well as changes in dietary habits were measured., RESULTS: At the follow-up, the milk supplement group did not show significant bone loss from baseline at most sites (mean differences +/- SE) (total body 0.42 +/- 0.25%, femoral neck 0.44 +/- 0.58%, total hip -0.06 +/- 0.46%), unlike the control group (total body -1.07 +/- 0.28% p < 0.005, femoral neck -1.49 +/- 0.56% p < 0.05, total hip -0.89 +/- 0.57% p < 0.05). However, both the milk and control groups showed bone loss from baseline at the lumbar spine (milk -2.01%, control -3.29%, p superior 0.05). The calcium intake of the milk group remained significantly higher than the control group (milk 710 mg/day, control 466 mg/day, p < 0.005) despite discontinuation of the milk supplement., CONCLUSIONS: The results showed that some of the beneficial effects of a milk supplement were still evident at follow-up and it was possible to motivate subjects to adopt a positive change in dietary calcium intake after intervention.
Increased satiety after intake of a chocolate milk drink compared with a carbonated beverage, but no difference in subsequent ad libitum lunch intake.; The rising rate of obesity has been blamed on increased consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks, such as carbonated sodas, which fail to satisfy hunger. The objective of the present study was to compare the effect on appetite and energy intake of a sugar-sweetened beverage (cola) and a chocolate milk drink, matched for energy content and volume. It was hypothesised that chocolate milk may be more satiating because of its protein content. Twenty-two healthy young men (age 23 (SD 1 x 8) years) of normal weight (BMI 22 x 2 (SD 1 x 5) kg/m2) were recruited to the randomised cross-over study. Visual analogue scales were used to record subjective appetite ratings every 30 min on each of two test days. A drink of 500 ml cola or chocolate milk (900 kJ) was ingested 30 min before an ad libitum lunch. Satiety and fullness were significantly greater (P=0 x 0007, P=0 x 0004, respectively) 30 min after chocolate milk than after cola. Ratings of prospective consumption and hunger were significantly greater after cola than after chocolate milk, both immediately after preload intake (P=0 x 008, P=0 x 01, respectively) and 30 min afterwards (P=0 x 004, P=0 x 01, respectively). There was no significant difference (P=0 x 42) in ad libitum lunch intake after ingestion of chocolate milk (3145 (SD 1268) kJ) compared with cola (3286 (SD 1346) kJ). The results support the hypothesis that sweetened soft drinks are different from milk products in their impact on short-term hunger and satiety, although differences in subjective appetite scores were not translated into differences in energy intake.
Effects of a fermented milk drink containing Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota on the human NK-cell activity.; Nine healthy middle-aged and 10 elderly volunteers drank fermented milk containing 4 x 10(10) live cells of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota daily for 3 wk, and their natural killer (NK) activity and other immunological functions were examined. In the experiments with middle-aged volunteers, NK activity significantly increased (P<0.01) 3 wk after the start of intake, elevated NK cell activity remained for the next 3 wk, and this effect was particularly prominent in the low-NK-activity individuals. In the experiments with elderly volunteers, NK activity significantly decreased (P<0.01) in the control group 3 wk after the start of intake; however, the intake of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota maintained the NK activity. These results suggest that daily intake of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota provides a positive effect on NK-cell activity.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 (7-36) amide response to low versus high glycaemic index preloads in overweight subjects with and without type II diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Glucagon-like-peptide-1 (7-36) amide (GLP-1) is an insulin secretagogue and potential treatment for type II diabetes mellitus. An alternative to GLP-1 administration is endogenous dietary stimulation. We described a greater GLP-1 release following ingestion of liquids versus solids. We add to this work studying the effect of fluid preloads with differing glycaemic indices (GI) on the metabolic response to a meal., SUBJECTS AND DESIGN: GLP-1, insulin and glucose responses were measured in six overweight individuals and six subjects with type II diabetes on three occasions, after preload (milk, low GI; Ovaltine Light, high GI; or water, non-nutritive control) and meal ingestion., RESULTS: In people with and without diabetes, the high GI preload produced the greatest glucose incremental area under the curve (IAUC)(0-20), followed by the low GI preload, and water (P<0.001). In both groups, insulin IAUC(0-20) was higher following high and low GI preloads compared with water (NS). In people without diabetes, the GLP-1 response was higher when high and low GI preloads were consumed compared with water (P=0.041), with no significant difference between nutritive preloads. GLP-1 response did not differ between preloads in people with diabetes. Despite initial differences, total IAUCs(0-200) for biochemical variables did not differ by preload., CONCLUSION: We confirm that nutritive liquids stimulate GLP-1 to a greater extent than water in subjects without diabetes; however, this does not influence subsequent meal-induced response. The GI of preloads does not influence the degree of GLP-1 stimulation.
Long-term effects of consumption of a novel fat emulsion in relation to body-weight management.; OBJECTIVE: To assess weight maintenance after weight loss by consumption of yoghurt with a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) including effects on body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), fat oxidation, hunger feelings and satiety hormones., DESIGN: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel design. A 6-week weight loss period (2.1 MJ/day) was followed by 18 weeks weight maintenance with test (Olibra) or placebo yoghurt., SUBJECTS: Fifty overweight women (age: 18-58 years, body mass index (BMI) 25-32 kg/m2)., MEASUREMENTS: In weeks 1, 7 and 25, a satiety test with questionnaires and blood samples for analysis of satiety hormones. In weeks 2, 8 and 26, REE, body weight and body composition., RESULTS: During weight maintenance after significant body weight reduction, there was no significant increase in body weight in the test group (1.1+/-3.4 kg); the placebo group did gain weight (3.0+/-3.1 kg, P<0.001). Compared to the placebo group, the test group was less hungry 4 h after yoghurt consumption in week 25 (P<0.05) and showed increased glucagon like peptide-1 values 180 min after yoghurt consumption (week 25 vs week 1, P<0.05). Measured REE as a function of fat-free mass (FFM) was significantly higher than predicted REE (P<0.05) in week 26 for the test group, but not for the placebo group. Fat mass (FM) was significantly more decreased in the test group (6.5+/-4.1 kg) compared to the placebo group (4.1+/-3.6 kg) (week 26 vs week 2, P<0.05)., CONCLUSION: Consumption of Olibra yoghurt improved weight maintenance compared to placebo, which can be explained by the relatively higher REE as a function of FFM, relatively higher decrease in FM and the relatively lower increase in hunger.
Daily intake of conjugated linoleic acid-enriched yoghurts: effects on energy metabolism and adipose tissue gene expression in healthy subjects.; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The present study was designed to determine whether 14-week CLA supplementation as triacylglycerols (3.76 g) with a 50 : 50 combination of the two main isomers (35 % cis-9, trans-11 and 35 % trans-10, cis-12) added to flavoured yoghurt-like products was able to alter body composition in healthy subjects and to alter the expression of several key adipose tissue genes (PPAR gamma, lipoprotein lipase (LPL), hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) and uncoupling protein 2 (UCP-2)). Forty-four healthy subjects were randomly assigned to consume daily either a CLA-supplemented yoghurt-like product or a placebo yoghurt for 98 d. There were no significant effects of CLA supplementation on body weight, fat mass or free fat mass. Basal energy expenditure expressed as kg free fat mass increased significantly in the CLA group (123.3 (SEM 2.5) kJ/kg free fat mass per d on day 98 v. 118.7 (SEM 2.3) kJ/kg free fat mass per d on day 0, P = 0.03). PPAR gamma mRNA gene expression increased significantly with CLA supplementation (53 (SEM 20) %, P < 0.01) and a significant reduction in mRNA levels of HSL was observed ( - 42 (SEM 7) %, P = 0.01). The levels of UCP-2 and LPL mRNA were not affected. The present results suggest that a 98 d supplementation diet with a 50 : 50 mixture of the two CLA isomers cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 in a dairy product was unable to alter body composition, although a significant increase in the RMR has been induced. Moreover, changes in mRNA PPAR gamma and HSL in adipose tissue were recorded.
Immune-mediated changes in actinic keratosis following topical treatment with imiquimod 5% cream.; BACKGROUND: The objective of this study was to identify the molecular processes responsible for the anti-lesional activity of imiquimod in subjects with actinic keratosis using global gene expression profiling., METHODS: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study was conducted to evaluate gene expression changes in actinic keratosis treated with imiquimod 5% cream. Male subjects (N = 17) with > or = 5 actinic keratosis on the scalp applied placebo cream or imiquimod 3 times a week on nonconsecutive days for 4 weeks. To elucidate the molecular processes involved in actinic keratosis lesion regression by imiquimod, gene expression analysis using oligonucleotide arrays and real time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction were performed on shave biopsies of lesions taken before and after treatment., RESULTS: Imiquimod modulated the expression of a large number of genes important in both the innate and adaptive immune response, including increased expression of interferon-inducible genes with known antiviral, anti-proliferative and immune modulatory activity, as well as various Toll-like receptors. In addition, imiquimod increased the expression of genes associated with activation of macrophages, dendritic cells, cytotoxic T cells, and natural killer cells, as well as activation of apoptotic pathways., CONCLUSION: Data suggest that topical application of imiquimod stimulates cells in the skin to secrete cytokines and chemokines that lead to inflammatory cell influx into the lesions and subsequent apoptotic and immune cell-mediated destruction of lesions.
Intake of fish oil, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins B-6 and E for 1 year decreases plasma C-reactive protein and reduces coronary heart disease risk factors in male patients in a cardiac rehabilitation program.; Certain nutrients have been shown to be effective in preventing coronary heart disease. We hypothesized that a daily intake of low amounts of a number of these nutrients would exert beneficial effects on risk factors and clinical variables in patients that suffered from myocardial infarction (MI) and were following a cardiac rehabilitation program. Forty male MI patients were randomly allocated into 2 groups. The supplemented group consumed 500 mL/d of a fortified dairy product containing eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins A, B-6, D, and E. The control group consumed 500 mL/d of semi-skimmed milk with added vitamins A and D. The patients received supervised exercise training, lifestyle and dietary recommendations, and they were instructed to consume the products in addition to their regular diet. Blood extractions and clinical examinations were performed after 0, 3, 6, 9, and 12 mo. Plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, folic acid, vitamin B-6, and vitamin E increased after supplementation (P<0.05). Plasma total and LDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations decreased in the supplemented group (P<0.05), and plasma total homocysteine decreased in both groups. There were no changes in heart rate, blood pressure, or cardiac electrocardiographic parameters in either group. Therapeutic lifestyle changes, effected through a CR program comprising regular exercise and the intake of a combination of dietary nutrients, reduced a variety of risk factors in MI patients, which supports the rationale for nutritional programs in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease.
Similar serum plant sterol responses of human subjects heterozygous for a mutation causing sitosterolemia and controls to diets enriched in plant sterols or stanols.; OBJECTIVE: We investigated the serum phytosterol responses of heterozygous relatives of sitosterolemia patients to diets enriched in phytosterols or stanols., DESIGN: Randomized double-blind crossover design., SETTING: Muenster, Germany., SUBJECTS: Eight heterozygous and 13 control subjects were recruited. One heterozygote and three controls dropped out., INTERVENTIONS: Seven heterozygotes and 10 controls received daily portions of margarine containing 2 g of plant sterols, 2 g of stanols or a control margarine for 6 weeks each in a randomized order. These phases were intercepted by wash-out periods of 6 weeks each., RESULTS: Compared to the control period, serum phytosterol concentrations increased overall by more than 20% when subjects consumed the plant sterol margarine (F((1,15))=8.719, P=0.01), with no significant difference between heterozygotes (mean +14.5 (s.d. 17.2) micromol/l, +23.0%) and controls (+4.9 (9.9) micromol/l, +20.5%; F((1,15))=2.168, P=0.162), but decreased when subjects consumed the stanol-enriched margarine (F((1,15))=12.124, P=0.003), again to a similar extent in heterozygotes (-34.2 (41.2) micromol/l, -54.2%) and controls (-12.2 (9.2) micromol/l, -50.6%; F((1,15))=2.729, P=0.119). The lowest total serum concentrations of cholesterol and phytosterols were seen after the diet enriched in stanols. Serum stanol concentrations increased on this diet, but on a very low level and never exceeded 0.05% of serum cholesterol levels in any subject., CONCLUSIONS: Serum phytosterol concentrations increased only moderately in heterozygotes consuming a diet enriched in phytosterols, indicating that they retained considerable capacity to excrete phytosterols even at higher intakes.
Plant stanol esters in low-fat milk products lower serum total and LDL cholesterol.; BACKGROUND: Oil-based matrices enriched with plant stanol esters lower serum LDL cholesterol. The effects of low-fat milk products have been less thoroughly examined., AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the effect of three less explored low-fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipid concentrations in subjects with mild or moderate hypercholesterolemia., METHODS: A meta-analysis of four unpublished sub-studies (yoghurt, yoghurt single-shot drink: Studies I and II, or milk). All the substudies were randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind and had a parallel-group design. They were carried out in order to evaluate the effect of low-fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipid concentration. Each stanol-ester-enriched milk product provided 2 g of stanols per day, and in each study the intervention period was 5 weeks. A total of 199 hypercholesterolemic subjects completed the studies., RESULTS: The pooled treatment difference in total cholesterol was -3.8% (95% CI -6.0 to -1.7, p < 0.001) when stanol was compared to placebo. In LDL cholesterol, the pooled treatment difference was -4.9% (95% CI -7.8 to -1.8, p = 0.002). There were no significant differences between the groups in pooled HDL cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations. The results tended to be more pronounced when we were certain that the yoghurt single-shot drink was ingested with lunch, and when the baseline LDL-cholesterol concentration was > or = 3.5 mmol/l., CONCLUSIONS: These results imply that low-fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters lower both total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol statistically significantly in subjects with mild or moderate hypercholesterolemia. The changes tended to relate to the baseline LDL-cholesterol concentration.
Treatment of post-transplant premalignant skin disease: a randomized intrapatient comparative study of 5-fluorouracil cream and topical photodynamic therapy.; BACKGROUND: Organ transplant recipients (OTR) are at high risk of developing nonmelanoma skin cancer and premalignant epidermal dysplasia (carcinoma in situ/ Bowen's disease and actinic keratoses). Epidermal dysplasia is often widespread and there are few comparative studies of available treatments., OBJECTIVES: To compare topical methylaminolaevulinate (MAL) photodynamic therapy (PDT) with topical 5% fluorouracil (5-FU) cream in the treatment of post-transplant epidermal dysplasia., METHODS: Eight OTRs with epidermal dysplasia were recruited to an open-label, single-centre, randomized, intrapatient comparative study. Treatment with two cycles of topical MAL PDT 1 week apart was randomly assigned to one area of epidermal dysplasia, and 5-FU cream was applied twice daily for 3 weeks to a clinically and histologically comparable area. Patients were reviewed at 1, 3 and 6 months after treatment. The main outcome measures were complete resolution rate (CRR), overall reduction in lesional area, treatment-associated pain and erythema, cosmetic outcome and global patient preference., RESULTS: At all time points evaluated after completion of treatment, PDT was more effective than 5-FU in achieving complete resolution: eight of nine lesional areas cleared with PDT (CRR 89%, 95% CI: 0.52-0.99), compared with one of nine lesional areas treated with 5-FU (CRR 11%, 95% CI: 0.003-0.48) (P = 0.02). The mean lesional area reduction was also proportionately greater with PDT than with 5-FU (100% vs. 79% respectively). Cosmetic outcome and patient preference were also superior in the PDT-treated group., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with topical 5-FU, MAL PDT was a more effective and cosmetically acceptable treatment for epidermal dysplasia in OTRs and was preferred by patients. Further studies are now required to confirm these results and to examine the effect of treating epidermal dysplasia with PDT on subsequent development of squamous cell carcinoma in this high risk population.
Effects of soy protein isolate and moderate exercise on bone turnover and bone mineral density in postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the independent and additive effects of soy protein isolate (SPI) and moderate-intensity exercise (EX) on bone turnover and bone mineral density (BMD)., DESIGN: This study used a placebo-controlled, double-blind (soy), randomized 2 (SPI vs milk protein isolate [MPI]) x 2 (EX vs no EX) design. Sixty-one postmenopausal women were randomized, and 43 (62 +/- 5 y) completed the 9-month intervention (SPI, n = 10; MPI, n = 12; SPI + EX, n = 11; MPI + EX, n = 10). Serum C-terminal cross-linked telopeptides of type I collagen and serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase were measured as markers of bone resorption and formation, respectively. BMD was measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry., RESULTS: At 9 months, SPI reduced serum C-terminal cross-linked telopeptides (-13.3% +/- 15.3% vs -1.5% +/- 21.0%; P = 0.02) and serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (-4.7% +/- 14.7% vs 6.5% +/- 17.7%; P = 0.02) compared to milk protein isolate. EX attenuated the reduction in serum C-terminal cross-linked telopeptides (-1.9% +/- 21.6% vs -12.4% +/- 15.3%; P = 0.04); however, no EX effects were apparent in serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase at 9 months (2.8% +/- 16.1% vs -1.0% +/- 18.3%; P = 0.28). Neither SPI nor EX affected BMD at any site; however, change in BMD was related to change in fat mass (r = 0.40, P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: In postmenopausal women (1) SPI reduces bone turnover with no impact on BMD over 9 months; (2) moderate-intensity endurance exercise training did not favorably alter bone turnover and had no impact on BMD; and (3) there were no additive effects of soy and exercise on bone turnover or BMD.
Effects of a tyramine-enriched meal on blood pressure response in healthy male volunteers treated with selegiline transdermal system 6 mg/24 hour.; BACKGROUND: Monoamine oxidase inhibitors are well recognized as effective antidepressant agents but are rarely used due, in part, to the risk of hypertensive crisis following the ingestion of foods high in tyramine ("cheese reaction"). A selegiline transdermal system (STS) was developed to provide antidepressant concentrations of selegiline in the brain, while preserving the gastrointestinal monoamine oxidase A (MAO-A) barrier. The present study was conducted to determine the effect of the STS 6 mg/24 hour on cardiovascular safety following the ingestion of approximately 400 mg of tyramine consumed as a component of aged cheeses., METHODS: In this open-label, single-center phase I study, cardiovascular vital signs were recorded following tyramine challenges during placebo and STS 6 mg/24 hr treatment. Subjects were observed for clinical signs and symptoms of a pressor response and/or potential hypertensive crisis during and following the challenges., RESULTS: Ingestion of tyramine-enriched meals following 13 consecutive days of treatment with the STS 6 mg/24 hr (pharmacokinetic steady-state) produced no clinically significant changes in cardiovascular vital signs in 12 healthy adult male subjects. No evidence of a tyramine pressor effect on systolic blood pressure or evidence of hypertensive crisis occurred during the STS treatment., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that STS 6 mg/24 hr may be administered without concern for dietary tyramine consumption.
Topical imiquimod in the treatment of infantile hemangiomas: a retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: Active nonintervention remains the mainstay of therapy for most uncomplicated infantile hemangiomas (IH) because of their expected involution. Topical imiquimod, with its ability to induce the production of interferon, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and the antiangiogenesis factor tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase, has been recently reported to be efficacious in the treatment of IH., OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of noncomplicated IH and possible side effects., METHODS: A retrospective chart review analysis was performed in 18 children (16 girls and 2 boys) with a median age of 18 weeks (range: 4-256 weeks). A total of 22 hemangiomas (14 located on head, 3 on genitalia, 2 on trunk, and 3 on extremities) were treated with imiquimod 5% cream. Imiquimod was applied 3 times weekly in 10 patients and 5 times weekly in 8 patients for a mean duration of 17 weeks (7-46 weeks)., RESULTS: All superficial IH improved, and remission was achieved in 4 hemangiomas. There was little improvement in mixed IH with no or minimal change in all deep hemangiomas. One case with ulcerated hemangioma substantially improved with accelerated ulcer healing and hemangioma size reduction. No systemic complication was observed in any of our patients, with irritation and crusting being the most common reactive effects., LIMITATIONS: The small-sample, retrospective study limits the interpretation of results., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream may be most effective in superficial IH. There was no significant correlation between response and early onset of treatment for any IH in our small sample study. Pharmacokinetic analysis and placebo-controlled study should follow to ascertain the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream in the pediatric age group.
Effect of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides on blood pressure in patients with mild hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Inhibition of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) is a widely used principle for the treatment of hypertension. Fermentation of milk proteins was shown to lead to the formation of peptides with ACE-inhibiting activity. Milk products with ACE-inhibiting peptides may provide a useful approach to prevent or treat hypertension., AIM OF THE STUDY: To investigate the effect of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides on blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects., METHODS: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind clinical trial in two parallel groups was performed. A total of 54 hypertensive patients received either 125 ml of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides every morning or a control product for 12 weeks after a run-in period of 2 weeks. Previous in vitro tests of the whey powder demonstrated ACE-inhibitory activity. Blood pressure was measured at 0, 2, 4, 8, and 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected at 0, 4, 8, and 12 weeks for analysis of metabolic and inflammatory variables., RESULTS: Resting systolic and diastolic blood pressure values did not change in the milk drink group 144.1 +/- 8.6/91.0 +/- 5.5 mmHg at baseline vs. 143.7 +/- 13.5/90.4 +/- 6.5 mmHg after 12 weeks. In the control group systolic (p = 0.0431) and diastolic (p = 0.0081) blood pressure was significantly reduced 140.6 +/- 11.7/90.3 +/- 5.8 mmHg at baseline vs. 137.0 +/- 14.4/87.7 +/- 6.6 mmHg after 12 weeks. There was no difference between the two groups at any time point. No changes were seen when the results of the 24-h continuous blood pressure monitoring were compared after 12 weeks. No significant changes were detected for circulating levels of selected inflammation markers (interleukin (IL)-6, C-reactive protein (CRP), number of leukocytes, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) as well as for metabolic variables (insulin, plasma glucose, and lipids)., CONCLUSIONS: The daily consumption of 125 ml of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides was not found to reduce blood pressure and/or inflammation markers in mildly hypertensive subjects, although preceding in vitro tests showed a potent ACE-inhibition.
A random clinical trial study to assess the efficiency of topical applications of podophyllin resin (25%) versus podophyllin resin (25%) together with acyclovir cream (5%) in the treatment of oral hairy leukoplakia.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the efficiency of topical applications of podophyllin resin (25%) (P) versus podophyllin resin (25%) together with acyclovir cream (5%) (PA) in the treatment of oral hairy leukoplakia (OHL) in accordance with the following criteria: (1) number of applications necessary for the total clinical resolution of OHL; (2) correlation between the decrease of lesion size and the number of applications; (3) total clinical resolution of OHL; and (4) clinical reevaluation 12 months after the end of treatment., STUDY DESIGN: Forty-six OHLs were treated with P (P group) or with PA (PA group). Applications were performed weekly. Student t, Fisher exact, and Pearson correlation tests were used for statistical analysis., RESULTS: All 24 lesions from the PA group presented total clinical resolution while 4 lesions from the P group did not. The P group required up to 25 applications performed weekly while the PA group required up to 18. Observed was a negative significant association between the size of the lesions and the number of applications performed weekly in the PA group., CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrated the following: (1) P and PA topical treatments presented a similar average number of applications performed weekly; (2) both groups showed the same clinical response at 12 months post-therapy; and (3) PA presented a 100% clinical resolution and a continuous decrease in OHL size over the course of weekly applications.
Orlistat reduces gallbladder emptying by inhibition of CCK release in response to a test meal.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Orlistat is a covalent inhibitor of digestive lipase derived from lipstatin, the natural product of Streptomyces toxytricini. By blocking the active site of intestinal lipase, orlistat inhibits hydrolysis of dietary triglycerides and thus reduces the intestinal lipid absorption. It is uncertain whether intestinal inhibition of lipase by orlistat also interferes with nutrient-induced CCK release from intestinal I-cells. The aim of the present study was therefore to assess whether oral administration of orlistat inhibits CCK release in response to a test meal and thus causes impaired gallbladder emptying., METHODS: 22 healthy volunteers were given a test meal consisting of 200 ml dairy cream and two teaspoons of chocolate powder (552 kcal=2328 kJ; 56.0 g fat; 5.2 g proteins, 6.6 g carbohydrates), with and without oral application of 120 mg orlistat. Gallbladder volume was determined by ultrasound before and 5, 10, 20, 30 and 40 min after meal ingestion. In parallel, a venous blood sample was collected for the measurement of bioactive CCK. CCK activity was assessed using a bioassay with isolated rat pancreatic acini cells., RESULTS: Oral administration of orlistat significantly impairs gallbladder emptying. After ingestion of the test meal the gallbladder contracted by 78.5% in the control group, whereas the test group with orlistat only showed a contraction of 45.7% (p<0.01). Maximal contraction was reached after 35 to 40 min, the maximal gallbladder emptying was delayed up to 10 min by orlistat. Orlistat induced a significant reduction of bioactive CCK levels in response to a test meal (CCK(max) with orlistat=4.1 pmol/l; CCK(max) without orlistat=7.8 pmol/l). CCK levels were reduced by 47% and the onset of maximal CCK secretion was delayed up to 10 min., CONCLUSION: The inhibition of intestinal lipolytic activity by orlistat results in reduced gallbladder emptying through inhibition of meal-mediated CCK release. We therefore hypothesize that impaired gallbladder motility may represent a risk factor in chronic treatment of severe obesity using orlistat.
Slow versus fast proteins in the stimulation of beta-cell response and the activation of the entero-insular axis in type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: We tested whether ingestion of whey protein can induce greater post-prandial amino acid (AA) levels in the plasma and a higher beta-cell response than casein ingestion in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients., METHODS: The study was designed as a double-blind, randomized, and controlled cross-over clinical trial. Twelve post-absorptive type 2 diabetic subjects who were withdrawn from their usual hypoglycemic therapy were studied. A medium calorie (approximately 6 kcal/kg BW), high protein (approximately 50% of total kcal) mixed meal, containing whey protein, casein, or a free amino acid (FREE AA) mixture matching the casein AA composition, was randomly administered on three different occasions., RESULTS: Following ingestion of whey protein, plasma concentrations of total, branched chain, and essential AA were 25-50% greater than after ingestion of casein (p < 0.0001), and were similar to those observed after the FREE AA meal. With whey protein, C-peptide, insulin, and pro-insulin concentrations were greater by 12-40% (p < 0.02 or less) than with casein, and similar to those with FREE AA. Glucagon-like polypeptide 1 (GLP-1) response tended to be lower with casein than with whey protein. Glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) response was greater with either whey protein or casein than with FREE AA. Post-prandial glucose concentrations were similar after whey protein and casein ingestion, but lower after the FREE AA meal., CONCLUSIONS: In type 2 diabetes, the ingestion of a fast-absorbable protein results in a greater post-prandial aminoacidemia and a higher beta-cell secretion than the ingestion of a 'slow' protein. Whether these changes can be maintained chronically in combination with hypoglycemic therapy, possibly also resulting in better glycemic control, remains to be established.
Effects of resistance training and protein plus amino acid supplementation on muscle anabolism, mass, and strength.; This study examined 10 wks of resistance training and the ingestion of supplemental protein and amino acids on muscle performance and markers of muscle anabolism. Nineteen untrained males were randomly assigned to supplement groups containing either 20 g protein (14 g whey and casein protein, 6 g free amino acids) or 20 g dextrose placebo ingested 1 h before and after exercise for a total of 40 g/d. Participants exercised 4 times/wk using 3 sets of 6-8 repetitions at 85-90% of the one repetition maximum. Data were analyzed with two-way ANOVA (p < 0.05). The protein supplement resulted in greater increases in total body mass, fat-free mass, thigh mass, muscle strength, serum IGF-1, IGF-1 mRNA, MHC I and IIa expression, and myofibrillar protein. Ten-wks of resistance training with 20 g protein and amino acids ingested 1 h before and after exercise is more effective than carbohydrate placebo in up-regulating markers of muscle protein synthesis and anabolism along with subsequent improvements in muscle performance.
Diet, serum insulin-like growth factor-I and IGF-binding protein-3 in European women.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine the relationship of diet with serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 in women., DESIGN: Cross-sectional study., SETTING AND SUBJECTS: The population are 2109 women who were control subjects in a case-control study of breast cancer nested in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. Control subjects were randomly chosen among risk sets consisting of female cohort members alive and free of cancer (except non-melanoma skin cancer) at the time of diagnosis of the index case. Matching criteria were age at enrolment, follow-up time, time of the day of blood collection and study centre. Diet was measured through validated questionnaires. Serum hormone concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. The relationship between serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and intake of nutrients and foods was explored by linear regression in models adjusted for energy intake, age, body mass index, smoking, physical activity, centre and laboratory batch., RESULTS: Serum IGF-I levels were positively related to protein intake (P(trend)<0.001), but not related to energy, fat or carbohydrate intake. Positive relationships were observed with the intake of milk (P(trend)=0.007), calcium (P(trend)<0.001), magnesium (P(trend)=0.003), phosphorus (P(trend)<0.001), potassium (P(trend)=0.002), vitamin B6 (P(trend)=0.03), vitamin B2 (P(trend)=0.001) and inverse relationships with vegetables (P(trend)=0.02) and beta-carotene (P(trend)=0.02). IGFBP-3 was not related with most of the nutrients and foods in this study., CONCLUSIONS: In this population, circulating IGF-I is modestly related with the intake of protein and minerals, and with milk and cheese, while IGFBP-3 does not appear to be related with diet.
The effect of Russian Maternity Home routines on breastfeeding and neonatal weight loss with special reference to swaddling.; BACKGROUND: Few investigations have considered evaluating the effects of certain combinations of ward routines like swaddling of the baby and separation of mother and baby on infant variables such as neonatal weight loss., AIMS: To study the effect of different ward routines in respect to proximity to mother and type of infant apparel, on breastfeeding parameters (amount of ingested milk, volume of supplements, number of breastfeeds, total duration of breastfeeding time) day 4 after birth as well as recovery from neonatal weight loss and infant's weight on day 5., STUDY DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: In a randomized trial with factorial design four treatment groups including 176 mother-infant dyads were studied 25-120 min after birth. Randomized treatments focused on care routines administered to the infants after delivery and later in the maternity ward as well as to the type of clothing the infants received. Group 1 infants were placed skin-to-skin with their mothers after delivery, and had rooming-in while in the maternity ward. Group 2 infants were dressed and placed in their mothers' arms after delivery, and roomed-in with mothers in the maternity ward. Group 3 infants were kept in the nursery both after birth and while their mothers were in the maternity ward. Group 4 infants were kept in the nursery after birth, but roomed-in with their mothers in the maternity ward. Equal numbers of infants were either swaddled or clothed in baby attire. Breastfeeding parameters were documented during day 4 after birth. Infant's weight was measured daily., RESULTS: Babies who were kept in the nursery received significantly more formula and significantly less breast-milk, than did babies who roomed-in with their mothers. Swaddling did not influence the breastfeeding parameters measured. However, swaddled babies who had experienced a 2-h separation period after birth and then were reunited with their mothers tended to have a delayed recovery of weight loss compared to those infants who were exposed to the same treatment but dressed in clothes. Furthermore, swaddled babies who were kept in the nursery and received breast-milk supplements had a significantly delayed recovery of weight loss after birth when compared to those infants ingesting only breast-milk. On day 5, regression analyses of predicted weight gain in the exclusively breastfed infants indicated a significant increase per 100 ml breast-milk (59 g), compared to the predicted weight gain on day 5 per 100 ml supplements in the swaddled babies (14 g) (P=0.001)., CONCLUSION: Supplements given to the infants in the nursery had a negative influence on the amount of milk ingested. In addition, supplement feeding or a short separation after birth when combined with swaddling was shown to have a negative consequence to infant weight gain.
Probiotics and the incidence of colorectal cancer: when evidence is not evident.; BACKGROUND: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the second major cause of death from cancer in Europe and in the USA. Dietary factors and colonic microflora seem to play an important role in colorectal carcinogenesis, making the potential protective role of probiotics of overwhelming interest. METHODS AND AIM: This article analyzes existing data from basic science (animal and in vitro models) and human (epidemiological and interventional) studies to highlight areas for which more evidence is necessary. We interrogated Medline for studies analysing the risk of CRC and the use of probiotics and also screened the references of identified papers., RESULTS: As far as regards animal models, we identified 29 studies aimed at evaluating the effect of probiotics administration on the incidence of CRC and/or of precursor lesions. All but one study using an animal model with spontaneous tumour growth in the background of colitis employed carcinogens, and most studies employed Lactobacilli or Bifidobacteria. All but 3 studies had positive results, and when prebiotics were evaluated too, the combination led to an important synergistic effect. The protective effect of probiotics seemed more important when they were administered before, and not after the carcinogen, and the putative mechanisms are not fully elucidated. Five papers evaluated the effect of probiotics on CRC cell lines in vitro, with results suggesting the ability of probiotics to modulate important cell functions and in a complex interplay. There are few human epidemiological studies specifically designed to analyze the effect of probiotics on CRC incidence, with important confounding factors, such as role of fibers, other dairy products and vitamin D often present. Overall, these studies fail to detect significant effects of fermented milks against CRC. Interventional studies suggest reduction of surrogate markers for CRC risk. However, one recent study showed no significant difference in the development of new CRC following administration of either fibers or probiotics in patients previously treated for colon neoplasm. A single randomised, double blind, placebo controlled pilot interventional trial aimed to evaluate the reduction in cancer risk biomarkers obtainable with the consumption of a symbiotic has been designed and started but a complete final report is not yet available., CONCLUSIONS: In our search of the literature few and conflicting epidemiologic data regarding the impact of fermented dairy products consumption in humans have been gathered. There are no positive data from interventional studies so far. Therefore, even though an ample body of evidence supports the potential anticarcinogenic action of probiotics on the basis of the results obtained in both in vitro and in vivo models, further evidence is very much needed.
The effect of whey isolate and resistance training on strength, body composition, and plasma glutamine.; Different dietary proteins affect whole body protein anabolism and accretion and therefore, have the potential to influence results obtained from resistance training. This study examined the effects of supplementation with two proteins, hydrolyzed whey isolate (WI) and casein (C), on strength, body composition, and plasma glutamine levels during a 10 wk, supervised resistance training program. In a double-blind protocol, 13 male, recreational bodybuilders supplemented their normal diet with either WI or C (1.5 gm/kg body wt/d) for the duration of the program. Strength was assessed by 1-RM in three exercises (barbell bench press, squat, and cable pull-down). Body composition was assessed by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Plasma glutamine levels were determined by the enzymatic method with spectrophotometric detection. All assessments occurred in the week before and the week following 10 wk of training. Plasma glutamine levels did not change in either supplement group following the intervention. The WI group achieved a significantly greater gain (P < 0.01) in lean mass than the C group (5.0 +/- 0.3 vs. 0.8 +/- 0.4 kg for WI and C, respectively) and a significant (P < 0.05) change in fat mass (-1.5 +/- 0.5 kg) compared to the C group (+0.2 +/- 0.3 kg). The WI group also achieved significantly greater (P < 0.05) improvements in strength compared to the C group in each assessment of strength. When the strength changes were expressed relative to body weight, the WI group still achieved significantly greater (P < 0.05) improvements in strength compared to the C group.
Effect of 1-year dairy product intervention on fat mass in young women: 6-month follow-up.; OBJECTIVE: Previous results from this laboratory suggest that a 1-year dairy intake intervention in young women does not alter fat mass. The objective of this study was to determine the impact of the 1-year dairy intervention 6 months after completion of the intervention., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Previously, normal-weight young women (n = 154) were randomized to one of three calcium intake groups: control (<800 mg/d), medium dairy (1000 to 1100 mg/d), or high dairy (1300 to 1400 mg/d) for a 1-year trial (n = 135 completed). In the current study, 51 women were assessed 6 months after completion of the intervention trial. Body compositions (body fat, lean mass) were measured using DXA. Self-report questionnaires were utilized to measure activity and dietary intake (kilocalories, calcium)., RESULTS: The high-dairy group (n = 19) maintained an elevated calcium intake (1027 +/- 380 mg/d) at 18 months compared with the control group (n = 18, 818 +/- 292; p = 0.02). Mean calcium intake over the 18 months predicted a negative change in fat mass (p = 0.04) when baseline BMI was controlled in regression analysis (model R(2) = 0.11). 25-Hydroxyvitamin D levels were correlated with fat mass at each time-point (baseline, r = -0.41, p = 0.003; 12 months, r = -0.42, p = 0.002; 18 months, r = -0.32, p = 0.02) but did not predict changes in fat mass., DISCUSSION: Dietary calcium intake over 18 months predicted a negative change in body fat mass. Thus, increased dietary calcium intakes through dairy products may prevent fat mass accumulation in young, healthy, normal-weight women.
Use of intense pulsed light and a retinyl-based cream as a potential treatment for cellulite: a pilot study.; BACKGROUND: There are few therapeutic treatments established for cellulite., OBJECTIVE: We studied the response of intense pulsed light (IPL) treatment with or without a compounded prescription retinyl-based cream on a small group of patients who had visible cellulite present on the buttocks and thigh regions., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty patients were selected to complete a 12-week course of IPL treatment either with or without a retinyl-based cream. Assessment was based on visual evaluation, photographs, skin ultrasounds, and patient satisfaction., RESULTS: Fifteen (75%) completed the study, and nine (60%) had a self-improvement rating of >or= 50%. Seven (78%) of nine patients used IPL/cream. Of the remaining six (40%) completing the study, four (27%) had self-improvement ratings of 25-50% and two (13%; IPL only) were considered treatment failures with a rating of 10-25%. Both IPL/cream and IPL-only groups exhibited an improvement in the smoothness of the affected area even following weight gain. Skin ultrasounds confirmed an increase in the deposition of collagen. During an 8-month phone follow-up, 8 (67%) of 12 responding reported the same or improved results., CONCLUSION: IPL treatment with or without a retinyl-based cream can improve the appearance of peau d'orange cellulite, though the cream may augment cosmetic improvement. This approach is well tolerated, has minimal side effects, and is accompanied by a high degree of patient satisfaction.
Effect of multiple micronutrient supplementation during pregnancy on inflammatory markers in Nepalese women.; BACKGROUND: Multiple micronutrient supplementation of Nepalese women during pregnancy is associated with a significant increase in birth weight., OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that improved birth weight in infants of mothers supplemented with micronutrients is associated with a decrease in inflammatory responses and an increase in the production of T helper 1 cells and T helper 2 cells., DESIGN: The study was embedded in a randomized controlled trial of 15 micronutrients, compared with iron-folate supplementation (control), given during pregnancy with the aim of increasing birth weight. Blood samples were collected at 32 wk of gestation, 12-20 wk after supplementation began, for the measurement of inflammatory markers. Breast-milk samples were collected 1 mo after delivery for the measurement of the ratio of milk sodium to potassium (milk Na:K). In an opportunistically selected subgroup of 70 women, mitogen-stimulated cytokine production was measured ex vivo in whole blood., RESULTS: Blood eosinophils; plasma concentrations of the acute phase reactants C-reactive protein, alpha(1)-acid glycoprotein (AGP), neopterin, and ferritin; milk Na:K; and the production of interleukin (IL) 10, IL-4, interferon gamma, and tumor necrosis factor alpha in whole blood did not differ significantly between the supplemented and control groups. Plasma C-reactive protein and AGP were higher in women who had a preterm delivery, and AGP was higher in women who delivered a low-birth-weight term infant than in women who delivered a normal-birth-weight term infant., CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate an association between systemic inflammation in late pregnancy and compromised delivery outcome in Nepalese women but do not support the hypothesis that multiple micronutrient supplementation changes cytokine production or inflammatory markers.
Lack of cholesterol-lowering efficacy of Cuban sugar cane policosanols in hypercholesterolemic persons.; BACKGROUND: More than 50 studies have reported substantial reductions in plasma lipid concentrations in response to 2-40 mg Cuban sugar cane policosanol (SCP) mixtures/d. However, several animal and human trials conducted outside of Cuba that used non-Cuban mixtures have failed to reproduce the efficacy of policosanols observed in earlier studies., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate lipid-modulating actions of the authentic Cuban SCPs on plasma lipids in healthy hypercholesterolemic volunteers., DESIGN: Twenty-one volunteers consumed, under supervision, 10 mg SCPs/d or a placebo incorporated in margarine as an afternoon snack, for a period of 28 d with the use of a randomized, double-blind crossover study design. Subjects maintained their habitual diet and physical activity and were weighed daily throughout the study period. Blood was collected at days 1, 2, 28, and 29 of the feeding trial, and lipid concentrations were measured., RESULTS: Body weights did not vary significantly throughout the trial and did not affect plasma lipid values. No significant difference was observed between treatment and control groups in plasma total, LDL-, HDL-cholesterol, and triacylglycerol concentrations., CONCLUSION: Present results show no beneficial effects of Cuban SCPs on lipid indicators in hypercholesterolemic persons and question the clinical usefulness of policosanol mixtures as cholesterol-lowering neutraceutical agents.
Effects of whey peptides on cardiovascular disease risk factors.; Previous studies have shown that peptides derived from milk proteins can improve blood pressure. Therefore, the authors tested the blood pressure-lowering effects of a hydrolyzed whey protein supplement rich in bioactive peptides. In a 6-week controlled study, 30 prehypertensive or stage 1 hypertensive subjects (blood pressure >or=120/80 mm Hg and <or=155/95 mm Hg) were randomized to receive 20 g/d of either a hydrolyzed whey protein (active treatment) or an unmodified whey protein (control treatment). Blood pressure, blood lipids, safety measures, side effects, and diet were evaluated throughout the trial. After completion of treatment, a 4-week follow-up was conducted. There was a mean reduction of 8.0+/-3.2 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure (P<.05) and of 5.5+/-2.1 mm Hg in diastolic blood pressure (P<.05) in the treatment group compared with the control group. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were significantly improved by treatment. Whey-derived peptides might be a viable treatment option for prehypertensive and/or stage 1 hypertensive populations.
Girls' dairy intake, energy intake, and weight status.; We explored the relationships among girls' weight status, dairy servings, and total energy intake. The hypothesis that consuming dairy could reduce risk for overweight was evaluated by comparing energy intake and weight status of girls who met or consumed less than the recommended three servings of dairy per day. Participants included 172 11-year-old non-Hispanic white girls, assessed cross-sectionally. Intakes of dairy, calcium, and energy were measured using three 24-hour recalls. Body mass index and body fat measures from dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry were obtained. Because preliminary analyses suggested systematic underreporting of energy intake, the relationships among dairy servings and measures of weight status were examined for the total sample and for subsamples of under-, plausible, and overreporters. Data for the total sample provided support for the hypothesized relationship among weight status, dairy servings, and energy intake. Thirty-nine percent of girls reported consuming the recommended >/=3 servings of dairy per day; these girls also reported higher energy intake but had lower body mass index z scores and body fat than the girls who consumed fewer than three dairy servings each day. Among plausible reporters, no relationship between dairy intake and weight status was noted. This discrepancy may be attributable to a high percentage (45%) of overweight underreporters in the total sample. Our findings reveal that reporting bias, resulting from the presence of a substantial proportion of underreporters of higher weight status, can contribute to obtaining spurious associations between dairy intake and weight status. These findings underscore the need for randomly controlled trials to assess the role of dairy in weight management.
[Pimecrolimus (Elidel) for therapy of lichen ruber mucosae].; Oral lichen planus (OLP) is a common chronic inflammatory disorder with criteria of auto-reactive disease. Treatment consists on topical application of corticosteroids, vitamin A derivates or cyclosporin. Calcineurin inhibitors as tacrolimus and pimecrolimus decrease the production of cytokines and inhibit T-cell proliferation. These substances have recently been introduced for local therapy of chronic inflammatory skin disorders. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effectiveness and side effects of local pimecrolimus in OLP. A group of five patients with histological proven OLP were treated with topical pimecrolimus 1% ointment twice daily to the affected area. Prior to treatment and after 7, 14, 28 and 42 days the lesions were assessed clinically and by photographs. The discomfort scores were evaluated by visual analogue scale (VAS) weekly. All five patients (median age 65.6 years) were female and showed involvement of the buccal mucosa. All lesions showed a reduction of inflammation activity during the treating period. The VAS scores decreased significantly under treatment (p=0,0014). Pimecrolimus ointment was tolerated well with no signs of itching or burning. However, 4 out of 5 patients complained about the reduced adherence properties of the cream. Although no complete remission of OLP has been observed in our series, signs of inflammatory activity of OLP as redness and burning sensations were reduced by topical pimecrolimus. Further controlled randomized studies have to be conducted to compare topical pimecrolimus with topical corticosteroid as standard therapy. The adherence properties of pimecrolimus 1% cream should be improved for intra-oral application.
Growth and change in blood haemoglobin concentration among underweight Malawian infants receiving fortified spreads for 12 weeks: a preliminary trial.; OBJECTIVE: Fortified spreads (FSs) have proven effective in the rehabilitation of severely malnourished children. We examined acceptability, growth and change in blood haemoglobin (Hb) concentration among moderately underweight ambulatory infants given FS., METHODS: This was a randomised, controlled, parallel-group, investigator-blind clinical trial in rural Malawi. Six- to 17-month-old underweight infants (weight for age < -2), whose weight was greater than 5.5 kg and weight-for-height z score greater than -3 received for 12 weeks at home 1 of 8 food supplementation schemes: nothing, 5, 25, 50, or 75 g/day milk-based FS or 25, 50, or 75 g/day soy-based FS. Outcome measures included change in weight, length and blood Hb concentration., RESULTS: A total of 126 infants started and 125 completed the intervention. All infants accepted the spread well, and no intolerance was recorded. Average weight and length gains were higher among infants receiving daily 25 to 75 g FS than among those receiving only 0 to 5 g FS. Mean Hb concentration remained unchanged among unsupplemented controls but increased by 10 to 17 g/L among infants receiving any FS. All average gains were largest among infants receiving 50 g of FS daily: mean difference (95% confidence interval) in the 12-week gain between infants in 50 g milk-based FS group and the unsupplemented group was 290 g (range, -130 to 700 g), 0.9 cm (range, -0.3 to 2.2 cm), and 17 g/L (range, 0 to 34 g/L) for weight, length and blood Hb concentration, respectively. In soy- vs milk-based FS groups, average outcomes were comparable., CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation with 25 to 75 g/day of highly fortified spread is feasible and may promote growth and alleviate anaemia among moderately malnourished infants. Further trials should test this hypothesis.
Effect of a low-cost food on the recovery and death rate of malnourished children.; OBJECTIVES: Nutritional rehabilitation in Africa relies mainly on imported skim milk enriched with a sugar and salt mixture. We evaluated whether milk plus porridge made from local ingredients improves the outcome of childhood nutritional rehabilitation versus milk alone., PATIENTS AND METHODS: This study was conducted in a nutritional unit in Lacor (Northern Uganda). The porridge, made from cheap locally available ingredients (maize flour, dried fish or meat, peanut butter and oil) supplemented with proteins and fats, provides 1.1 energy units, 4.4 kJ/g. We randomly sampled the files of 100 cases discharged in October, November and December 2001 (preintervention), in 2002 (soon after intervention onset) and in 2003 (more than 1 year after intervention onset). We recorded the average hospital days and average oedema-free weight gain at discharge in the 3 groups., RESULTS: Average oedema-free weight gain increased from 21 g/d (95% confidence interval [CI], 12-29) in 2001 to 35 g/d (95% CI, 25-45) in 2002 and reached 59 g/d (95% CI, 51-65) in 2003. Mortality decreased from 22% to 7.8%, and nutritional failures (insufficient weight gain) decreased by greater than 50%., CONCLUSIONS: The low-cost porridge supplement (2640 euros/yr per 100 children) was effective in treating malnutrition. Widespread use of the porridge, which resulted in better outcomes than milk alone, could produce a savings in the medium- to long-term, thereby releasing resources for other uses. A high-energy porridge that is made from locally available ingredients and does not require imported foods seems to be appropriate for supplementary feeding after mother's milk in this setting.
Safety and antioxidant effects of a modest soy protein intervention in hemodialysis patients.; Antioxidant/anti-inflammatory effects of isoflavone-containing soy protein could partly explain why hemodialysis patients in Japan tend to outlive U.S. hemodialysis patients. However, a safety concern is that dialysis patients do not clear isoflavones well. A low-dose intervention with high isoflavone soy protein (25 g protein, four times a week for 4 weeks) was tested in 17 U.S. hemodialysis patients (eight given soy protein, nine given whey protein as a control). Soy protein intake produced no harmful effects based on a typical battery of blood safety tests. Post-treatment isoflavone levels, though high, were similar to those reported after a single 20-g soy protein intake by dialysis patients. In addition, intake of soy, but not whey, reduced plasma values for oxidized low-density lipoprotein, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, which is a common mortality cause in hemodialysis patients. Three other measures of oxidant stress and/or inflammation were unchanged by the modest high isoflavone soy protein intervention. In conclusion, in hemodialysis patients, a fairly short, low intake level intervention with high isoflavone soy protein produced no obvious harm, and produced one potentially beneficial effect. This justifies tests of higher-dose, longer interventions with soy protein in hemodialysis patients.
Effects of a stanol-enriched diet on plasma cholesterol and triglycerides in patients treated with statins.; BACKGROUND: Plant stanols have been recommended in combination with individualized dietary interventions to reduce plasma cholesterol concentrations. It is unclear whether plant stanols in combination with dietary guidance in patients already using optimal doses of statins will further reduce fasting and postprandial lipids compared with standard care., STUDY DESIGN: This single-blind, randomized study investigated the effect of plant stanols in margarines, combined with a lipid-lowering dietary intervention, in patients already on lipid-lowering medications at maximal doses not reaching their target lipid levels. Nutrition education was based on the stages of change theory. The control group (which served as the standard care control group) was also taking optimal doses of statins. This group received a margarine without plant stanols and a leaflet with Dutch nutrition guidelines. Fasting lipids were measured once in venous samples and postprandial lipemia was assessed by self-measured triglycerides in an outpatient setting. All subjects were given a capillary triglyceride measuring device (Accutrend GCT, Roche Diagnostics, Mannheim, Germany) and were instructed to measure their capillary triglycerides at six fixed time-points throughout the day on three different days. The mean area under the triglyceride curve represented total daylong triglyceridemia, which has been shown to reflect postprandial triglyceridemia. Twenty patients were included, 11 in the intervention group and 9 in the control group., RESULTS: In the plant stanol group, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased significantly by 15.6% compared with a reduction of only 7.7% in the control group. The daylong triglyceridemia was similar in both groups at the beginning and at the end of the study, and no change was observed by the intervention., CONCLUSION: Intensive dietary intervention with addition of plant stanols results in clinically relevant reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients optimally treated with statins, compared with similar patients on statins receiving only standard care. The use of a plant stanol-enriched margarine did not decrease postprandial triglyceridemia in these patients.
A double-blind, vehicle-controlled clinical study to evaluate the efficacy of MAS065D (XClair), a hyaluronic acid-based formulation, in the management of radiation-induced dermatitis.; This study was designed to assess the efficacy and tolerability of MAS065D (Xclair) compared to a vehicle control in the management of radiation dermatitis in patients receiving radiotherapy for breast cancer. Twenty patients were randomized blindly to use the two study substances, three times daily, on separate sections of irradiated skin throughout the duration of radiotherapy and for two weeks afterwards. Patients were monitored before therapy, weekly during therapy, and for 2 weeks after radiotherapy was completed. Skin appearance according to National Cancer Institute (NCI) toxicity criteria, erythema rating, transepidermal water loss (TEWL), skin hydration, patients' view of itch, pain, acceptance, and view of each cream and adverse events, were monitored; at the final visit patients and investigators expressed their preference for one of the creams. MAS065D showed statistically significant superiority in the outcomes of NCI grading for radiation dermatitis and erythema. Patients' and investigators' preferences for one of the study substances were statistically in favor of MAS065D. Very few patients recorded nonzero itch and pain scales, so no significant differences emerged between the two groups. It was concluded that MAS065D can provide an effective option for managing radiation dermatitis although further studies are needed to assess its effect on pain and itch.
Adequacy and safety of an infant formula with a protein/energy ratio of 1.8 g/100 kcal and enhanced protein efficiency for term infants during the first 4 months of life.; OBJECTIVE: Excess protein in infant formula may lead to renal overload and play a role in later obesity. The objective of this controlled, prospective, randomized, double-blind study was to assess the suitability and safety of a modified protein content infant formula and its noninferiority as compared to a conventional formula., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Healthy term infants age < 7 days were either breast-fed or randomized to be fed exclusively with a conventional casein-predominant formula (protein/energy ratio: 2.6 g/100 kcal) or the isocaloric whey-predominant study formula (protein/energy ratio: 1.8 g/100 kcal) for 120 days. Primary outcome was daily weight gain between D0 and D120 (noninferiority criterion: difference in daily weight gain < or = 4 g). Secondary outcomes were daily gain in weight, length, head circumference and body mass index at monthly intervals. Tolerance and safety were assessed at each visit., RESULTS: 162 infants were enrolled, 84% of the formula-fed infants and 36% of the breast-fed infants completing the study. Mean daily weight gain from D0 to D120 in the formula-fed groups differed by 0.38 g/day [95% CI: -2.59; 1.83] signifying the noninferiority of the study formula. Secondary outcomes did not differ between the 2 groups at any time and were comparable to outcomes in the breast-fed group. Tolerance was good and adverse events were not different between study groups., CONCLUSIONS: The whey-predominant study infant formula with a protein/energy ratio of 1.8 g/100 kcal and enhanced protein efficiency is safe and not inferior to a conventional formula in ensuring normal growth during the first four months of life.
Supplementation of n-3 fatty acids during pregnancy and lactation reduces maternal plasma lipid levels and provides DHA to the infants.; OBJECTIVE: Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3) is considered an essential fatty acid for the fetus and newborn infant, but the optimal level of supply is not known. We studied the effect of supplementing pregnant and lactating women with marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) as compared to n-6 PUFAs related to maternal and infant lipid levels., STUDY DESIGN: Five hundred and ninety pregnant women in weeks 17-19 of pregnancy were recruited. They were given either 10 mL cod liver oil (n-3 PUFAs) or corn oil (n-6 PUFAs) daily until three months after delivery, and 341 women took part in the study until giving birth., RESULTS: Maternal supplementation with cod liver oil increased the concentration of DHA in maternal as well as infant plasma and umbilical tissue phospholipids, as compared to corn oil. The maternal plasma triacylglycerol increase during pregnancy was less pronounced in women supplemented with cod liver oil as compared to corn oil. The concentration of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol was unchanged during pregnancy in the cod liver oil group, whereas it decreased in the corn oil group, promoting a greater increase in the ratio of total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol in the corn oil group., CONCLUSION: Maternal supplementation with n-3 fatty acids during pregnancy and lactation provides more DHA to the infant and reduces maternal plasma lipid levels compared to supplementation with n-6 fatty acids.
Ratio of oleic to palmitic acid is a dietary determinant of thrombogenic and fibrinolytic factors during the postprandial state in men.; BACKGROUND: The nature of dietary fats affects the postprandial activation of the hemostatic system., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether the ratio of oleic to palmitic acid [and that of monounsaturated to saturated fatty acids (MUFA:SFA)] in the diet affects postprandial concentrations of triacylglycerols, tissue factor (TF), fibrinogen, tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA), and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1)., DESIGN: We studied the effects of diets enriched in olive oil (ROO), high-palmitic sunflower oil (HPSO), butter, or a mixture of vegetable and fish oils (VEFO) on circulating concentrations of the aforementioned factors in 14 healthy men. The fats had ratios of oleic to palmitic acid (MUFA:SFA) of 6.83 (5.43), 2.36 (2.42), 0.82 (0.48), and 13.81 (7.08)., RESULTS: The largest and longest-lasting postprandial changes in plasma triacylglycerol concentrations were found with the butter-based diet (all P < 0.05). No correlation was observed between the net incremental area under the curve (netAUC) for triacylglycerol and the ratio of oleic to palmitic acid (or MUFA:SFA) in the dietary fats. The netAUCs for TF and PAI-1, however, were inversely related to the ratio of oleic to palmitic acid (and MUFA:SFA) in ROO, HPSO, butter, and VEFO. Similar results were found for the fibrinogen netAUC when VEFO was omitted from the analysis. The netAUC for t-PA was inversely correlated with postprandial concentrations of triacylglycerol., CONCLUSIONS: Postprandial concentrations of TF, fibrinogen, and PAI-1 are associated with the ratio of oleic to palmitic acid (MUFA:SFA) in dietary fats. The postprandial t-PA response is related to postprandial concentrations of triacylglycerol.
Adjustable fortification of human milk fed to preterm infants: does it make a difference?.; BACKGROUND: Inadequate nutrition leading to growth failure is common among premature infants. Although fortified breast milk (breast milk plus commercially prepared fortifier) is the preferred feeding, nutrient intakes achieved with fortified breast milk fall short of meeting nutrient needs. This is mainly due to inadequate protein content of fortifiers and variability in composition of expressed breast milk., OBJECTIVE: A new adjustable fortification regimen has been designed to ensure that protein needs of premature infants are met at all times. The new regimen encompasses increasing the amount of fortifier and adding extra protein to breast milk guided by periodic determinations of blood urea nitrogen (BUN). The study tested the hypothesis that infants fed according to the new regimen have higher protein intakes and improved weight gain compared to infants fed according to standard fortification regimen., METHODS: In a prospective, controlled trial, preterm infants with birth weights of 600-1750 g and gestational ages between 26 and 34 weeks were fed their own mother's milk or banked donor milk or both. Infants were randomly assigned before 21 days of age to either the new adjustable fortification regimen or the standard regimen. The study period began when feeding volume reached 150 ml/kg/day and ended when infants reached a weight of 2000 g. Standard fortification (STD) consisted in the use of the recommended amount of fortifier. Adjustable fortification (ADJ) consisted in the use, in addition to standard fortification, of extra fortifier and supplemental protein guided by twice-weekly BUN determinations. The primary outcome was weight gain, with serum biochemical indicators and nutrient intakes as secondary outcomes., RESULTS: Thirty-two infants completed the study as planned (16 ADJ, 16 STD). Infants receiving the ADJ regimen had mean protein intakes of 2.9, 3.2 and 3.4 g/kg/day, respectively, in weeks 1, 2 and 3, whereas infants receiving the STD regimen had intakes of 2.9, 2.9, 2.8 g/kg/day, respectively. Infants on the ADJ regimen showed significantly greater gain in weight (17.5+/-3.0 vs 14.4+/-3.0 g/kg/day, P<0.01) and greater gain in head circumference (1.4+/-0.3 vs 1.0+/-0.3; P<0.05) than infants on the STD regimen. Weight and head circumference gain were significantly (P<0.05) correlated with protein intake. No significant correlations were found between growth parameters and intake of fat and energy. There were no significant differences between groups in BUN and other serum chemical values. In the ADJ group, BUN concentrations increased significantly (P<0.001) over time but were not significantly higher than in the STD group., CONCLUSION: Premature infants managed with the new adjustable fortification regimen had significantly higher weight and head circumference gains than infants managed with standard fortification. Higher protein intake appears to have been primarily responsible for the improved growth with the adjustable regimen. The new fortification method could be a solution to the problem of protein undernutrition among premature infants fed human milk.
The acute effects of different sources of dietary calcium on postprandial energy metabolism.; Dairy Ca intake has been shown to be superior to elemental Ca in increasing the loss of body fat during energy restriction. We questioned whether the mechanisms involved an increase in postprandial energy expenditure, fat oxidation and/or a greater lipolysis. The acute effects of different sources of Ca were examined in eight subjects, aged 47-66 years and BMI 27.6-36.1 kg/m2, in a three-way cross-over study. Subjects were randomly provided breakfast meals either low in dairy Ca and vitamin D (LD; control), high in non-dairy Ca (calcium citrate) but low in vitamin D (HC) or high in dairy Ca and vitamin D (HD). Diet-induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation rates (FOR), carbohydrate oxidation rates (COR), insulin, glucose, NEFA and glycerol were measured hourly over a 6 h postprandial period. Postprandial data were calculated as a change (Delta) from the fasting value. Results showed that DeltaNEFA was significantly different between meals (LD -1.50 (sem 0.26), HC -1.22 (sem 0.32), HD -0.94 (sem 0.27) mmol/l x 6 h; P = 0.035), with a lesser suppression following both high-Ca meals. DeltaFOR was significantly higher following the two high-Ca meals (LD -6.5 (sem 2.2), HC 2.93 (sem 2.34), HD 3.3 (sem 2.5) g x 6 h; P = 0.005), while reciprocally DeltaCOR was significantly lower. DeltaGlycerol was less suppressed following the high-Ca meals but statistical significance was not achieved. No differences in diet-induced thermogenesis, insulin or glucose were observed. Regardless of source, Ca intake acutely stimulated postprandial fat oxidation; and there was a lesser suppression of NEFA following these meals.
Increased energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) bronchopulmonary dysplasia/ chronic lung disease.; BACKGROUND: Preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia/chronic lung disease have nutritional deficits that may contribute to short and long term morbidity and mortality. Increasing the daily energy intake for these infants may improve their respiratory, growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effect of increased energy intake on mortality and respiratory, growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. Secondarily, the review examines any adverse effects associated with increased energy intake., SEARCH STRATEGY: The standard search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group was used. This included searches of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library, Issue 1, 2006) , MEDLINE (accessed via Ovid), references cited in previous relevant Cochrane reviews and in other relevant studies, review articles, standard textbooks, and manuals of neonatal medicine. Hand search results of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group were also assessed., SELECTION CRITERIA: All randomized and quasi-randomized trials comparing the outcomes of preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD who had either increased (> 135 kcal/kg/day) or standard energy intake (98 to 135 kcal/kg/day). Increasing energy intake might be achieved enterally and/or parenterally, enterally by increasing the energy content of the milk, increasing feed volume, or by nutrient supplementation with protein, carbohydrate or fat. The primary outcomes were the development of CLD and neonatal mortality; secondary outcomes included respiratory morbidities, growth, neurodevelopmental status and possible complications with increased energy intake., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We planned to extract data using the standard methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group. Relevant trials would be scrutinized for methodological quality independently by the reviewers to determine their eligibility for inclusion. Data of the included trials would be expressed as relative risk, risk difference, NNT and weighted mean difference where appropriate, using a fixed effect model., MAIN RESULTS: No eligible trials were identified. Twelve studies that appeared to be relevant were excluded, as no study directly compared increased versus standard energy intakes in infants with CLD/BPD. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes, and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: To date, no randomized controlled trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. Research should be directed at evaluating the effects of various levels of energy intake on this group of infants on clinically important outcomes like mortality, respiratory status, growth and neurodevelopment. The benefits and harms of various ways of increasing energy intake, including higher energy density of milk feed and/or fluid volume (clinically realistic target volume should be set), parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy like carbohydrate, protein and fat for this purpose also need to be assessed.
Evaluation of yogurt effect on acute diarrhea in 6-24-month-old hospitalized infants.; Yogurt helps in treatment and prevention of diarrhea. The aim of this study was to determine the efficacy of consumption of local factory yogurt, which is made with pasteurized milk, on moderately dehydrated hospitalized infants aged 6-24 months with acute non-bloody and non-mucoid diarrhea. Eighty moderately dehydrated breast-feeding children aged between 6-24 months with acute non-bloody and non-mucoid diarrhea for fewer than four days were included in the study. Patients were randomly separated into two groups according to their treatment. Infants in the case group received at least 15 ml/kg/day of pasteurized cow milk yogurt orally plus routine hospital treatment. Infants in the control group received routine hospital treatment as in the case group. Weight gains, period of hospitalization, and reduction in diarrhea frequency during hospitalization period of the two groups were compared. Mean duration of hospitalization (days), weight gain, and reduction in diarrhea frequency were 2.7 +/- 0.91 vs 3.1 +/- 0.74 days, 435 +/- 89.20 vs 383 +/- 98.9 g, and 4.30 +/- 1.74 vs 3.60 +/- 1.23 times for case and control groups, respectively. Significant differences were observed in mean hospitalization days (p=0.035), reduction in diarrhea frequency (p=0.049) and weight gain (p=0.017). This study recommends universal use of yogurt in acute non-bloody diarrhea.
Nutrition education in postmenopausal women: changes in dietary and cardiovascular indices.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the current study was to examine whether a diet rich in dairy products followed by a nutrition education program for the prevention of osteoporosis could have any adverse effect on certain cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors over a 5-month intervention period., METHODS: A total sample of 82 women (55-65 years old) was randomized to a dietary intervention group (IG: n=42), attending biweekly nutrition education program and provided with low-fat, fortified dairy products and to a control group (CG: n=40). Changes in dietary, biochemical and clinical indices related to CVD were determined at the end of the 5-month intervention period., RESULTS: The IG was found to have a higher decrease in the percentage of energy intake derived from total fat and a higher increase in the intake of calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and potassium compared to the CG (p<0.05). Furthermore, the IG subjects were found to have a lower increase in BMI (0.7+/-0.1 versus 1.4+/-0.2 Kg/m(2), p=0.011) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (2.5+/-2.9 versus 7.8+/-2.2 mmHg, p=0.040) and a higher decrease in serum total cholesterol (-5.2+/-3.3 versus 6.9+/-5.1 mg/dl, p=0.042) and LDL-cholesterol levels (-20.0+/-2.6 versus -12.4+/-4.2 mg/dl, p=0.034) compared to the CG., CONCLUSIONS: The findings of the current study indicate that a dietary intervention aiming to minimize the risk for osteoporosis did not have any adverse effects on CVD risk factors. On the contrary, it has induced favourable changes in BMI, serum lipids and SBP.
Cost-benefit analysis of a plant sterol containing low-fat margarine for cholesterol reduction.; For decreasing the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) it has been proposed to enrich food such as margarine with plant sterol esters which have been shown to reduce total and LDL cholesterol concentrations, two of the major risk factors. A Markov model was developed to assess the costs and benefits of consuming a low-fat plant sterol containing margarine (PS margarine). A health insurer's perspective was taken with a time frame of 10 years. Transition probabilities for CHD and CHD-related death were calculated on the basis of the Framingham risk equations. These were applied to a representative sample of the German population. The alteration in cholesterol levels after intake of PS margarine was estimated based on a meta-analysis of ten randomized controlled trials with parallel or crossover design that found a reduction of 5.7% in total cholesterol. Average annual costs of CHD were assumed to be at 3,000 euro. Costs for "no CHD" and "CHD-related death" were set to 0 euro since the intervention would solely be paid by the consumers. Sensitivity analyses were performed with regard to annual costs, risk estimation, PS margarine reduction in total cholesterol, discount factor, and risk of CHD-related death. The 10-year CHD risks are 6.1% (PS margarine) vs. 6.5% (control). Thus expected 10-year CHD costs are 696 euro (PS margarine) vs. 748 euro (control). The cost savings of 52 euro varied between 32 euro and 74 euro in the sensitivity analysis. A projection at the level of the population for which evidence (randomized controlled trials) exists that plant sterols lower cholesterol (25.35 million) leads to a reduction of 117,000 CHD cases over 10 years and a cost reduction of 1.3 billion euro for this time period (sensitivity analysis 0.8-1.9 billion euro).
Influence of daily consumption of probiotic and conventional yoghurt on the plasma lipid profile in young healthy women.; BACKGROUND: A number of studies have found conflicting results concerning the modulation of plasma lipids induced by probiotics. Therefore, the aim of this study was to verify and compare the effects of probiotic and conventional yoghurt on the plasma lipid profile of normocholesterolemic women., METHODS: In this study, female volunteers consumed 100 g/day of probiotic (n = 17) or conventional yoghurt (n = 16) for 2 weeks (T1-T2) and 200 g/day for further 2 weeks (T2-T3). A washout phase lasting 2 weeks followed (T4). Total and HDL cholesterol and triglycerides were determined by enzymatic methods; LDL cholesterol was calculated using the Friedewald formula., RESULTS: The average concentration of total cholesterol was consistent throughout the whole study in the control group, but decreased significantly (p < 0.01) in the probiotic group consuming 200 g yoghurt/day (T2-T3). During the period of daily yoghurt intake (T1-T3) the mean HDL cholesterol level increased significantly (p < 0.05) in the probiotic group, resulting in a significant (p < 0.05) improvement of the total/HDL cholesterol ratio. The significant (p < 0.01) reduction of the average plasma LDL cholesterol values found in this period (T1-T3) in the probiotic and the control groups was associated with a significant (p < 0.05) improvement of the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratios in both tested groups., CONCLUSION: Although several lipid parameters changed during the study in both the probiotic and the control group, no significant differences between the groups were observed. Therefore, it can be concluded that the regular consumption of both probiotic and conventional yoghurt for 4 weeks had a positive effect on the lipid profile in plasma of healthy women. Copyright 2006 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Comparison of topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy with cryotherapy or Fluorouracil for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma in situ: Results of a multicenter randomized trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy, tolerability, and cosmetic outcome of photodynamic therapy (PDT) using topical methyl aminolevulinate with cryotherapy or topical fluorouracil for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma in situ., DESIGN: Randomized, placebo-controlled study, with follow-up at 3 and 12 months after last treatment., SETTING: Forty outpatient dermatology centers in 11 European countries., PATIENTS: Random sample of 225 patients with histologically confirmed squamous cell carcinoma in situ (lesion size, 6-40 mm) and no evidence of progression., INTERVENTIONS: Treatment with PDT with methyl aminolevulinate (160 mg/g; n = 96) or matching placebo cream (n = 17), cryotherapy (n = 82), or topical fluorouracil (5% cream; n = 30). Methyl aminolevulinate or placebo cream was applied for 3 hours before illumination with broadband red light (75 J/cm2, 570-670 nm). Treatment was repeated 1 week later. Cryotherapy was performed with liquid nitrogen spray. Fluorouracil was applied for 4 weeks. Lesions with a partial response at 3 months were re-treated., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Clinically verified complete response of lesions; blinded and on-site assessment of cosmetic outcome (4-point rating scale)., RESULTS: At 12 months, the estimated sustained lesion complete response rate with methyl aminolevulinate PDT was superior to that with cryotherapy (80% vs 67%; odds ratio, 1.77; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-3.12; P = .047), and better than that with fluorouracil (80% vs 69%; odds ratio, 1.64; 95% confidence interval, 0.78-3.45; P = .19). Cosmetic outcome at 3 months was good or excellent in 94% of patients treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT vs 66% with cryotherapy and 76% with fluorouracil, and was maintained at 12 months., CONCLUSION: Methyl aminolevulinate PDT is an effective treatment option for squamous cell carcinoma in situ, with excellent cosmesis.
The influence of chromium chloride-containing milk to glycemic control of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect and safety of chromium-containing milk powder in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted in Taiwan. A total of 60 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, aged 30 to 75 years, and on a dose of gliclazide sulfonylurea agent (< or =160 mg/d) for at least 3 months were enrolled. Their glycosylated hemoglobin ranged from 7.5% to 12%, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from 140 to 250 mg/dL, and body mass index from 20 to 35 kg/m(2). The subjects were divided into 2 groups, one group to receive chromium-containing milk powder (chromium 200 microg/20 g milk powder) and the other to receive placebo twice a day for 16 weeks. Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was performed before and after treatment. The chromium group demonstrated a lower FPG and fasting insulin (-38.1 +/- 9.2 vs 63 +/- 8. 5 mg/dL and -1.7 +/- 0.2 vs 1.9 +/- 0.3 microU/mL, respectively; P < .05), especially in male patients (-41 +/- 9.2 vs 85 +/- 11.7 mg/dL and -2.7 +/- 0.2 vs 3.1 +/- 0.3 microU/mL, respectively; P < .01), at the end of the study. Lower glycosylated hemoglobin was observed in chromium-treated male patients (-1.1 +/- 0. 5 vs 0.7 +/- 0. 2; P < .05). However, there were no significant changes in other metabolic parameters (lipid profiles including total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol), except improvement of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity index from frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test) observed in male patients (-2.1 +/- 1.1 vs -0.41 +/- 1.12 and 0.18 +/- 0.11 vs -0.15 +/- 0. 2, respectively; P < .05). There were no adverse events in both groups, except for mild complaints in the chromium group on constipation (5%) and flatulence (5%). Intake of milk powder containing 400 microg/d of chromium for 16 weeks in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus resulted in lowering of FPG, fasting insulin, and improvement of metabolic control in male patients.
Association of reproductive factors, oral contraceptive use and selected lifestyle factors with the risk of ovarian borderline tumors: a Danish case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: The aim was to examine risk factors for ovarian borderline tumors overall, and according to histological subtype (serous vs. mucinous), in a large Danish population-based case-control study., METHODS: Ovarian borderline cases and controls were recruited from 1995 to 1999, and personal interviews were conducted. In all, 202 cases and 1,564 randomly selected controls were included. The analysis was performed using multiple logistic regression models., RESULTS: The risk of ovarian borderline disease decreased with increasing parity (OR=0.79 per birth, 95% CI: 0.63-0.98) and older age at first birth (OR=0.67 per 5 years, 95% CI: 0.53-0.84). Both a history of breastfeeding and use of oral contraceptives reduced the risk of borderline tumor, the effect being most pronounced for serous tumors. Increasing body mass index (BMI) was associated with elevated risk of serous borderline tumor (OR=1.05 per BMI unit; 95% CI: 1.00-1.10), whereas current smoking was a strong risk factor only for mucinous tumors (OR=2.10; 95% CI: 1.22-3.60). Finally, increasing consumption of milk (all types) was found to increase the risk of borderline disease (OR=1.04 per glass milk per week; 95% CI: 1.02-1.06), and increasing intake of total lactose also increased the risk significantly (OR=1.16 per 50 gram lactose per week; 95% CI: 1.06-1.26)., CONCLUSION: The risk profile of ovarian borderline tumors is similar to that of ovarian carcinomas, and we observed significant etiological differences between serous and mucinous borderline tumors.
A systematic review of the effects of calcium supplementation on body weight.; Animal studies and epidemiological studies have suggested that Ca supplementation (with Ca supplements or dairy products) may be associated with weight loss in human adults. We aimed to assess whether any association was present by reviewing relevant randomized controlled trials in human subjects. The study was a systematic review and subsequent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials that used Ca supplementation as an intervention in persons 18 or more years of age, and that reported body weight as a final outcome. A total of thirteen randomized controlled trials were included in the meta-analysis. There was no association between the increased consumption of either Ca supplements or dairy products and weight loss after adjusting for differences in baseline weights between the control and intervention groups (P=0.19 and 0.85, respectively). We therefore concluded that Ca supplementation has no statistically significant association with a reduction in body weight.
[Prevalence of overweight, obesity and life style associated with cardiovascular risk among middle school students].; BACKGROUND: To study the prevalence of cardiovascular risk associated to the lifestyle of school children from the 5th to 8th grade, in public and private schools., METHODS: Eighty seven randomly selected school rooms were visited adding up to 2,125 students who completed the questionnaire and whose body mass index was calculated. This sample represents around 2% of students from two school districts in the city of Sao Paulo., RESULTS: Of the 2,125 students, 24% were overweight or obese, 53.3% presented inappropriate food habits, 15.4% were sedentary, 62.6% drank alcohol, and 23.1% smoked. Between the 5th and 8th grade, the number of students who drank alcohol doubled and the number of male and female adolescents who tried out smoking increased 3-fold and 5-fold, respectively. Conversely, inappropriate food habits decreased. This situation is found in 40% of students from public schools and in 58% of those in private schools, by the time they reach the 8th grade. Overweight and obesity are more prevalent in private schools and the reduction noted as grades progress did not reach a significance level. Sedentarism is more prevalent in public schools. In private ones, sedentarism is lower among older students, contrary to public schools, where it increases with age. Female adolescents attend fewer physical education classes. Inappropriate food habits were characterized by the habits of adding more salt to pre-prepared food, lower intake of dairy products, fruit and vegetables also a higher intake of soft drinks, butter and snacks., CONCLUSION: Early detection of these cardiovascular risks associated to the lifestyle of these school children endorses the preventive practice of providing health education in schools.
Serum homocysteine is related to food intake in adolescents: the Child and Adolescent Trial for Cardiovascular Health.; BACKGROUND: An understanding of the relation in adolescents between serum homocysteine and foods rich in vitamin B-6, vitamin B-12, and folate is important because high homocysteine concentrations in childhood and adolescence may be a risk factor for later cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the relation between food intake and homocysteine in adolescents., OBJECTIVE: Five years after national folic acid fortification of enriched grain products, cross-sectional relations between food intake and serum homocysteine concentrations were examined in 2695 adolescents [x age: 18.3 (range: 15-20) y] enrolled in the Child and Adolescent Trial for Cardiovascular Health., DESIGN: A nonfasting blood specimen was analyzed for serum homocysteine, folate, and vitamins B-6 and B-12. Dietary intake was assessed by using a food-frequency questionnaire. Multiple regression analyses were used to evaluate the relation of intakes of whole grains, refined grains, fruit, vegetables, dairy products, red and processed meats, and poultry with serum homocysteine concentrations after adjustment for demographic characteristics, lifestyle factors, and food intake., RESULTS: Serum homocysteine concentrations were lower with greater intakes of whole grains (P for trend = 0.002), refined grains (P for trend = 0.02), and dairy foods (P for trend <0.001); were higher with greater intake of poultry (P for trend = 0.004); and were not related to intakes of fruit, vegetables, or red or processed meat. After additional adjustment for serum B vitamins, the relations of serum homocysteine with most food groups were attenuated., CONCLUSION: These observational findings suggest a beneficial effect of whole-grain, refined-grain, and dairy products on serum homocysteine concentrations in an adolescent population.
Appetite regulatory hormone responses to various dietary proteins differ by body mass index status despite similar reductions in ad libitum energy intake.; CONTEXT: Although dietary protein produces higher acute satiety relative to carbohydrate, the influence of protein source and body mass index (BMI) has not been clearly described., OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to assess postprandial responses to different protein sources, compared with glucose, in males with normal and high BMI., DESIGN: This was a randomized, crossover study of four preloads followed by blood sampling (+15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 180 min) and buffet meal., SETTING: The study was conducted at an outpatient clinic., PARTICIPANTS: The study population included 72 men, with a BMI range 20.6-39.9 kg/m(2)., INTERVENTIONS: Interventions consisted of liquid preloads (1.1 MJ, 450 ml) containing 50 g whey, soy, gluten, or glucose., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting and postprandial plasma glucose, insulin, ghrelin, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and cholecystokinin (n = 38), ad libitum energy intake, and appetite ratings were measured., RESULTS: Energy intake was 10% lower after all protein preloads, compared with the glucose treatment (P < 0.05), independent of BMI status and protein type. All protein loads prolonged the postprandial suppression of ghrelin (P < 0.01) and elevation of GLP-1 (P < 0.01) and cholecystokinin (P < 0.05). Fasting GLP-1 concentrations [overweight, 17.5 +/- 1.3; lean, 14.7 +/- 0.1 pg/ml (5.2 +/- 0.4 and 4.4 +/- 0.1 pmol/liter, respectively); P < 0.001] and postprandial responses (P = 0.038) were higher in overweight subjects., CONCLUSIONS: Whey, soy, and gluten similarly tend to reduce ad libitum food intake 3 h later in lean and overweight males relative to glucose. Postprandial ghrelin, GLP-1, insulin, and cholecystokinin may contribute to this higher satiety after protein consumption. GLP-1 concentrations are increased in overweight subjects, which may affect satiety responses in this group.
Food intake and risk of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin in a community: the Nambour skin cancer cohort study.; There is some evidence that dietary factors may modify the risk of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) of the skin, but the association between food intake and SCC has not been evaluated prospectively. We examined the association between food intake and SCC incidence among 1,056 randomly selected adults living in an Australian sub-tropical community. Measurement-error corrected estimates of intake in 15 food groups were defined from a validated food frequency questionnaire in 1992. Associations with SCC risk were assessed using Poisson and negative binomial regression to the persons affected and tumour counts, respectively, based on incident, histologically confirmed tumours occurring between 1992 and 2002. After multivariable adjustment, none of the food groups was significantly associated with SCC risk. Stratified analysis in participants with a past history of skin cancer showed a decreased risk of SCC tumours for high intakes of green leafy vegetables (RR = 0.45, 95% CI = 0.22-0.91; p for trend = 0.02) and an increased risk for high intake of unmodified dairy products (RR = 2.53, 95% CI: 1.15-5.54; p for trend = 0.03). Food intake was not associated with SCC risk in persons who had no past history of skin cancer. These findings suggest that consumption of green leafy vegetables may help prevent development of subsequent SCCs of the skin among people with previous skin cancer and that consumption of unmodified dairy products, such as whole milk, cheese and yoghurt, may increase SCC risk in susceptible persons. Copyright 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Effects of low-fat hard cheese enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipids and apolipoprotein B in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the cholesterol-lowering effects of a low-fat cheese enriched with plant stanol esters in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects, as part of their normal diet., DESIGN: A randomized double-blind parallel-group study., SETTING: Valio Ltd, Helsinki., SUBJECTS: Sixty-seven mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers (24 men, 43 women) participated in the study, which all of them completed., INTERVENTIONS: The subjects were randomly assigned to the plant stanol ester group or the control group. During the 5-week intervention, the subjects in the stanol group consumed a cheese enriched with 2 g of plant stanols per day, and the subjects in the control group, a control cheese with no plant stanols., RESULTS: In the stanol ester group, as compared to the control group, both serum total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreased significantly, that is, by 5.8% (-0.32 mmol/l, 95% CI -0.50 to -0.15 mmol/l, P < 0.001) and 10.3% (-0.36 mmol/l, 95% CI -0.53 to -0.18 mmol/l, P < 0.001), respectively. There were no significant changes in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), triglycerides or apolipoprotein B concentrations between the groups., CONCLUSION: Cheese enriched with 2 g of plant stanol in the form of fatty acid esters decreases serum total and LDL cholesterol significantly.
Imiquimod 5% cream monotherapy for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma in situ (Bowen's disease): a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: We conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial to evaluate the preliminary efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream treatment for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) in situ., METHODS: In all, 31 patients with biopsy-proven cutaneous SCC in situ were randomly assigned to placebo (vehicle) (n = 16) or imiquimod 5% cream (n = 15) daily for 16 weeks. Patients were assessed at week 28 for the primary end point, resolution of cutaneous SCC in situ., RESULTS: Of the 31 patients enrolled, 3 dropped out. Intention-to-treat analysis revealed 11 of the 15 patients (73%) in the imiquimod group achieved resolution of cutaneous SCC in situ, with no relapse during the 9-month follow-up period; none in the placebo group achieved resolution (P < .001). Imiquimod 5% cream was generally well tolerated and there were no serious adverse events., LIMITATIONS: Topical imiquimod 5% cream has proven to be an effective treatment for cutaneous SCC in situ. However, studies to define the ideal dosing regimen and cost-effectiveness are required before it can be accepted as a recognized therapy., CONCLUSIONS: In this controlled trial, patients with cutaneous SCC in situ receiving topical imiquimod 5% cream as monotherapy experienced a high degree of clinical benefit compared with placebo.
Maternal fish oil supplementation during lactation does not affect blood pressure, pulse wave velocity, or heart rate variability in 2.5-y-old children.; Maternal (n-3) PUFA deficiency is associated with higher blood pressure (BP) later in life in rat offspring, and early intake of (n-3) PUFA in formula-fed infants was shown to modify later BP. BP, heart rate (HR), and heart rate variability (HRV) are affected by dietary (n-3) PUFA in adults. In this study, we investigated whether fish oil (FO) supplementation of lactating mothers could modify BP, pulse wave velocity (PWV), and HRV in their children after 2 y. Mothers with low fish intake were randomly assigned to FO or olive oil (OO) supplementation for the first 4 mo after delivery. A reference group of mothers with a high habitual fish intake (HFI) was also followed. At the follow-up study at 2.5 y of age, BP and PWV were measured, and electrocardiograms were recorded for 0.5 h. FO supplementation significantly increased RBC levels of long-chain (n-3) PUFA of the 4 mo-old children, but at 2.5 y, the FO and OO groups did not differ. BP, PWV, HR, and HRV also did not differ among the groups. However, for all 3 groups, the children's intake of (n-3) PUFA at 2.5 y was negatively correlated with mean arterial pressure after adjustment for outdoor temperature (r = -0.245, P = 0.04). In conclusion, maternal FO supplementation had no overall effect on BP, PWV, or HRV of the children, indicating that (n-3) PUFA intake of Danish mothers may be sufficient in this sense. However, children's dietary intake of (n-3) PUFA might have a beneficial effect on BP in childhood.
Effects of milk enriched with omega-3 fatty acid, oleic acid and folic acid in patients with metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Patients with metabolic syndrome (MS) have increased cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary modifications mainly polyunsatturated fatty acids intake, can improve them. The present study was performed to assess the effects of enriched milk with omega-3 and oleic fatty acids, folic acid and vitamin E, in these patients., METHODS: We performed a randomized, placebo-controlled and open clinical trial, among 72 patients with MS for 3 months. Thirty-six of them consumed 500 cm(3) per day of semi-skimmed milk (control group), and the others consumed 500 cm(3) per day of enriched milk (test group). Daily supplements in this group were 5.7 g of oleic acid, 0.2g of omega-3 fatty acid, 150 microg of folic acid and 7.5mg of vitamin E. Serum for total and HDL cholesterol, triglycerol, Apo B, glucose, insulin, hs-CRP, homocysteine and fatty acids contents in serum phospholipids, was obtained at the beginning and at the end of the study. LDL cholesterol was calculated by Friedewald formula., RESULTS: Four patients in the test group, and two in the control group dropped out. In the test group a decrease in serum total cholesterol (-6.2%, P=0.006), LDL cholesterol (-7.5%, P=0.032), triglycerol (-13.3%, P=0.016), Apo B (-5.7%, P=0.036), glucose (-5.3%, P=0.013), and homocysteine (-9.5%, P=0.00) was observed. Any of these parameters changed in the control group., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary supplementation with 500 cm(3) of enriched milk with omega-3 fatty acid, oleic acid and folic acid, reduces serum tryglicerides, total and LDL cholesterol, Apo B, glucose and homocysteine in patients with MS. This milk is well tolerated and accepted by the patients.
Effects of leucine and whey protein supplementation during eight weeks of unilateral resistance training.; The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of resistance training in combination with a leucine and whey protein supplement or a carbohydrate placebo on strength and muscle cross-sectional area (CSA). Thirty-three men (mean age +/- SD = 22.4 +/- 2.4 years) were assigned to 1 of 3 groups: (1) supplementation group (SUPP), (2) placebo group (PL), or (3) control group (CON). The SUPP and PL performed unilateral training of the leg extensor muscles with the nondominant limb for 8 weeks. The strength of each limb, muscle CSA of the quadriceps femoris (QF), and body composition were assessed pretraining and posttraining. The results indicated significant increases in strength for both limbs in the SUPP but only the trained limb in the PL. The increase in strength for the trained limb of the SUPP was greater than that for the trained limb of the PL. There was no significant increase in strength for either limb in the CON. There were significant increases in the CSA of all muscles of the QF of the trained limb for the SUPP and PL, and of the vastus lateralis of the untrained limb for the SUPP. The increases in QF CSA did not differ between the SUPP and PL. No significant CSA changes were found for either limb in the CON. There were no significant changes in body composition for the SUPP, PL, or CON. The current findings suggest that leucine and whey protein supplementation may provide an ergogenic effect which enhances the acquisition of strength beyond that achieved with resistance training and a carbohydrate placebo.
Adiponectin is present in human milk and is associated with maternal factors.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown that human milk has a role in the gastrointestinal, neural, and immune development of neonates. If present in milk, adiponectin would be a promising candidate for influencing infant development, given its metabolic functions., OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to determine whether adiponectin is present in human milk and to characterize maternal factors associated with potential variation in milk adiponectin concentrations., DESIGN: We quantified adiponectin concentrations in human milk samples from donors to the Cincinnati Children's Research Human Milk Bank and randomly selected participants in a cohort study in Mexico City funded by the National Institutes of Health. Using cross-sectional and longitudinal data, we examined milk adiponectin concentrations in relation to lactation duration, maternal body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)), and ethnicity., RESULTS: Adiponectin was detected in human skim milk (range: 4.2-87.9 ng/mL). In cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, duration of lactation was negatively associated with milk adiponectin concentrations (beta = -0.059 +/- 0.024 and -0.059 +/- 0.007, respectively; P < 0.02 for both). Maternal postpregnancy BMI was positively associated with milk adiponectin concentrations (beta = 0.08 +/- 0.02, P < 0.0001; longitudinal analysis). Mexican mothers had lower median milk adiponectin concentrations at 1 mo than did the non-Hispanic white subjects from Cincinnati (11.5 and 19.8 ng/mL; P = 0.003)., CONCLUSIONS: Adiponectin is present in human milk and its concentrations are associated with duration of lactation, maternal adiposity, and ethnicity. Given the importance of adiponectin in inflammation, insulin sensitivity, and fatty acid metabolism, future studies should examine milk adiponectin's role in infant metabolic development.
[Clinical observation of the efficacy of MEBO in the treatment of burn patients with burn area over 50% TBSA].; OBJECTIVE: To observe the effectiveness of MEBO in the treatment of burn patients with burn area over 50% TBSA., METHODS: Two hundred and ninety-eight patients hospitalized in our hospital from May of 1991 to December of 2003 with burn area over 50% TBSA, who had MEBO treatment before hospitalization, were enrolled in the study as the experiment (E) group. Another group of 300 burn patients with burn area over 50% TBSA that treated with SD-Ag cream were enrolled in the study as the control (C) group. Bacterial culture results, major changes in injury and mortality were compared between the two groups., RESULTS: There were 1 506 bacteria strains isolated from wounds in E group, and 9 main changes in injury (1679 cases) occurred with 20.8% mortality in this group. There were 353 bacteria strains isolated, with occurrence of 9 changes in injury (518 cases) and 4.7% mortality in the SD-Ag group., CONCLUSION: MEBO is much less effective for the treatment of the burn patients with large burn area compared with SD-Ag cream treatment.
Plant stanols do not restore endothelial function in pre-pubertal children with familial hypercholesterolemia despite reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of plant stanols on lipids and endothelial function in pre-pubertal children with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH)., STUDY DESIGN: Children with FH (n=42), aged 7-12 years, were enrolled in a double-blind crossover trial, in which they consumed 500 mL of a low-fat yogurt enriched with 2.0 g of plant stanols and 500 mL of a low-fat placebo yogurt for 4 weeks, separated by a 6-week washout period. Lipid profiles and endothelial function were assessed after both consumption periods. Endothelial function was measured as flow-mediated dilation (FMD) of the brachial artery., RESULTS: This daily intake of 2.0 g of stanols significantly decreased the levels of total cholesterol (TC) by 7.5% and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) by 9.2% as compared with placebo. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels remained unaltered. The reduction of LDL-C levels did not improve FMD, which was 10.5%+/-5.1% after plant stanol consumption and 10.6%+/-5.0% after placebo consumption, respectively (P=.852)., CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that plant stanols reduce LDL-C levels in children with FH without improving endothelial function.
Rationale and design of the TRANSFACT project phase I: a study to assess the effect of the two different dietary sources of trans fatty acids on cardiovascular risk factors in humans.; BACKGROUND: Detrimental effects of consumption of industrial trans fatty acids (TFA) from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors are well documented. However, very little information is available on the effect of natural sources of TFA coming from milk fat, dairy products and ruminant meat. In fact, due to the naturally low level of TFA in milk fat, it is almost impossible to conduct a clinical trial with a limited number of subjects (<200)., METHODOLOGY: To compare the effects of industrial and natural dietary sources of TFA, two specific test fats have been designed and produced. A substantial amount of milk fat (130 kg) enriched in TFA has been produced by modification of the cow's diet and selection of cows with the highest TFA content. The level obtained was approximately 4- to 7-fold higher than typically present in milk fat (approximately 20 instead of 3-6 g/100 g of total fatty acids). The control fat is composed of PHVO balanced in saturated fatty acids (lauric, myristic and palmitic). Both experimental fats contain about 20-22% of monounsaturated TFA and the volunteers' daily experimental fat intake (54 g), will represent about 12.0 g/day of TFA or 5.4% of the daily energy (based on 2000 kcal/day). These two test fats have been incorporated into food items and will be provided to 46 healthy subjects under a randomised, double blind, controlled, cross-over design. The primary outcome is high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), which is an independent risk factor for CVD. Other parameters such as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C), and HDL-C level and subclasses will be also to be evaluated., CONCLUSION: We have shown that it is technically feasible to perform a clinical trial on the comparative effects of natural and industrial sources of TFA isomers on CVD risk factors. Results are expected by mid-2006.
A pilot study of maternal and term infant outcomes associated with ultrathin nipple shield use.; OBJECTIVE: To examine maternal satisfaction with nipple shield use and maternal and infant physiological outcomes of breastfeeding with and without nipple shields., DESIGN: A descriptive study using a structured telephone survey to examine maternal satisfaction of nipple shield use and a within-subject design to compare maternal and infant physiological outcomes for a subset of mother-infant dyads., SETTING: Breastfeeding sessions were conducted in Pacific Northwest hospitals., PARTICIPANTS: 32 lactating women with experience using nipple shields; a subset of 5 maternal-infant dyads participated in the physiological part of the study., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal response to survey explored maternal satisfaction with nipple shield use. To examine maternal and infant physiological outcomes, two measures were used: infant test weighing to evaluate breast milk intake and maternal prolactin and cortisol levels to evaluate breast milk production., RESULTS: Maternal survey response indicated that use of nipple shields may prevent premature breastfeeding termination. Physiological results demonstrated no significant difference in maternal hormonal levels and infant breast milk intake for breastfeeding sessions with and without nipple shields., CONCLUSION: Use of nipple shields may be considered in face of potential abandonment of breastfeeding.
Effects of dairy products naturally enriched with cis-9,trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid on the blood lipid profile in healthy middle-aged men.; BACKGROUND: Interest in the development of dairy products naturally enriched in conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) exists. However, feeding regimens that enhance the CLA content of milk also increase concentrations of trans-18:1 fatty acids. The implications for human health are not yet known., OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the effects of consuming dairy products naturally enriched in cis-9,trans-11 CLA (and trans-11 18:1) on the blood lipid profile, the atherogenicity of LDL, and markers of inflammation and insulin resistance in healthy middle-aged men., DESIGN: Healthy middle-aged men (n = 32) consumed ultra-heat-treated milk, butter, and cheese that provided 0.151 g/d (control) or 1.421 g/d (modified) cis-9,trans-11 CLA for 6 wk. This was followed by a 7-wk washout and a crossover to the other treatment., RESULTS: Consumption of dairy products enriched with cis-9,trans-11 CLA and trans-11 18:1 did not significantly affect body weight, inflammatory markers, insulin, glucose, triacylglycerols, or total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol but resulted in a small increase in the ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol. The modified dairy products changed LDL fatty acid composition but had no significant effect on LDL particle size or the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation. Overall, increased consumption of full-fat dairy products and naturally derived trans fatty acids did not cause significant changes in cardiovascular disease risk variables, as may be expected on the basis of current health recommendations., CONCLUSION: Dairy products naturally enriched with cis-9,trans-11 CLA and trans-11 18:1 do not appear to have a significant effect on the blood lipid profile.
Reducing the symptoms of lymphoedema: is there a role for aromatherapy?.; Lymphoedema is a chronic and debilitating condition caused by lymphatic insufficiency, which may have serious physical, social and psychological implications for the patient. It is usually managed by a combination of strategies aimed at protecting and decongesting the oedematous limb(s) and stimulating the development of supplementary lymphatic pathways to control swelling in the long-term. However, it is not known which therapies are the most effective. Anecdotally, the addition of aromatherapy oils to massage cream may have a positive effect on symptom relief in people with cancer, although evidence is again lacking. This paper describes a randomized trial of self-massage and skin care using a cream containing aromatherapy oils versus self-massage and skin care using a cream without aromatherapy oils on objective limb volume measurements and symptom relief as measured by the Measure Yourself Medical Outcome Profile 2 (MYMOP2) in a sample of people with lymphoedema. Results indicate that self-massage and skin care significantly improved patient-identified symptom relief and wellbeing for this sample. It also slightly, but not significantly reduced limb volume. However, aromatherapy oils, carefully chosen on the basis that they should benefit this group, did not appear to influence any improvement in these measures.
Reducing hypertensive cardiovascular disease risk of African Americans with diet: focus on the facts.; Hypertension is more common and more severe in African Americans than in other population groups in the United States, placing them at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and end-stage renal disease. Whereas past efforts to reduce blood pressure (BP) via the diet centered on manipulating isolated nutrients, there are now conclusive data demonstrating that it is not single dietary components but the overall dietary pattern that has the greatest influence on BP. A nutritionally complete diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods has been clearly proven to significantly lower BP in all population groups. This diet, commonly referred to as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, has been tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations and documented the greatest beneficial effects in hypertensive African Americans. Improving diet quality has been shown to be simply implemented without adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose maldigestion. It is also known to beneficially affect other cardiovascular risk factors and is in keeping with dietary recommendations for prevention of some cancers and osteoporosis. This paper reviews the current data relating dietary patterns to BP control, and advocates dietary recommendations that can accomplish their intended objective of enhancing the health of Americans by promoting safe, feasible, and proven-effective means of doing so. In the case of hypertension prevention and treatment, and thus the reduction of cardiovascular disease risk, overall diet quality should be the primary focus of nutritional recommendations.
Diets rich in conjugated linoleic acid and vaccenic acid have no effect on blood pressure and isobaric arterial elasticity in healthy young men.; The objective of this study was to examine the effect on blood pressure (BP) and isobaric arterial elasticity (AE), as a measure of arterial health, of a commercial mixture of conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) and of milk fat produced through livestock feeding to have a high content of vaccenic acid (VA). Healthy young men (n = 60) with a BMI of 22.5 +/- 2 kg/m2 (mean +/- SD) participated in this double-blind, randomized, 5-wk, parallel intervention study. The participants substituted 115 g of their daily fat intake with fat from 1 of 3 test diets: 1) CLA-diet rich in CLA (4.7 g/d of c9,t11- and t10,c12-CLA isomers in equal amounts); 2) VA-diet rich in VA (3.6 g/d); or 3) C-diet, a control diet with a low content of VA and CLA. All test diets were based on milk fat. BP and AE (measured by an oscillometric method) were measured before and after the intervention period. The effects of the test diets did not differ on any outcome variable: e.g., systolic- and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP), pulse pressure (PP), isobaric arterial compliance (AC), distensibility (AD), or volume (AV). In conclusion, diets rich in milk fat and either CLA or VA have no effect on BP or AE indices in healthy young men compared with a control diet.
Blood lipid responses to plant stanol ester supplementation and aerobic exercise training.; The purpose of this study was to determine the independent and combined effects of plant stanol ester (PSE) margarine and aerobic exercise on blood lipid concentrations and related intravascular enzymes in 26 healthy sedentary, middle-aged men and postmenopausal women (age, 53 +/- 8 years; body mass index, 27 +/- 1.0, % fat, 28.5 +/- 2). In a stratified double-blind manner, participants were randomly assigned to either a PSE (n = 17) or a placebo (CON, n = 9) margarine group. Participants supplemented their daily diets with 42 g of margarine spread (PSE = 3 g; CON, PSE = 0 g, of approximately equal energy content) for 9 weeks. During the last 4 weeks of margarine supplementation (MS), participants expended 400 kcal on a treadmill 5 d/wk at 65% of VO(2) reserve (2000 kcal/wk). Fasting blood samples were obtained before initiating and after 4 weeks of MS and after exercise training. All blood samples were analyzed for total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), hepatic lipase, lipoprotein lipase, and cholesterol ester transfer protein activities. Total cholesterol (-10%), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-13%), and triglyceride (-18%) concentrations decreased after 4 weeks of MS in the PSE group, but not in the CON group (P < .05 for all). Four weeks of aerobic exercise increased HDL-C by 21% in the CON group (P < .05) and by 4% in the PSE group (P > .05). Total cholesterol-HDL-C ratio decreased significantly (P < .05) in the PSE group, but not in the CON group. No other significant alterations were observed with either PSE or exercise. Our findings suggest that PSE is effective in reducing blood cholesterol concentrations and that exercise can increase HDL-C in middle-aged men and postmenopausal women. Our findings also suggest that PSE supplementation may attenuate the exercise-induced increase in HDL-C.
Safety evaluation of phytosterol-esters. Part 9: Results of a European post-launch monitoring programme.; Phytosterol-esters were developed by Unilever as a cholesterol lowering novel food ingredient for use initially in vegetable oil spreads. In addition to an extensive package of safety studies and clinical studies a programme of post-launch monitoring (PLM) was developed. PLM was used to address the following questions: (a) Is the product use as predicted/recommended? (b) Are the known effects as predicted? (c) Does the product cause unexpected health effects? The overall conclusions from the PLM programme were: the product is being bought by the target population but intakes are less than the original assumptions made in the risk assessment; long-term use of phytosterol-ester enriched spreads results in a reduction in the serum levels of the most lipophilic carotenoids but at current levels of intake this is unlikely to result in reductions in carotenoids that are of biological significance; evaluation of health related consumer complaints have not indicated any unexpected health effects associated with the use of the product in the marketplace. As part of the European approval under Regulation (EC) No. 258/97 on Novel Foods and Food Ingredients the results of the PLM programme had to be submitted to the European Commission (EC) and reviewed by the Scientific Committee on Food (SCF). They concluded that the study provided valuable information, which complemented the pre-market safety evaluation studies, and that the EC mandatory requirement had been met.
Investigation of the medium-term effects of Olibratrade mark fat emulsion on food intake in non-obese subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of Olibra fat emulsion on medium-term food intake and appetite in non-obese subjects., DESIGN: Double-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject crossover., SETTING: University of Ulster, Coleraine., SUBJECTS: A total of 28 subjects (14 male, 14 female)., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were randomly assigned to receive either a 200 g portion of test (5 g of Olibra fat) or control (5 g milk fat) yoghurt for breakfast for 2 x 3 week 'study' phases, separated by a 3-week 'wash-out' phase. On days 1, 8 and 22 of the study phases, food intake 4 h post-consumption of the yoghurt was assessed by pre- and post-covert weighing at an ad libitum buffet-style test lunch. Throughout each of these study days, appetite was assessed using visual analogue scales (VAS) at regular intervals. For the remainder of the study days, and the following 24 h ('post-study days'), subjects reported their food intake using weighed dietary records., RESULTS: Consumption of the Olibra emulsion had no significant effect on mean energy, macronutrient or amounts of food consumed at the lunch 4 h post-consumption. Self-reported food intakes indicated that there was no significant effect of the emulsion on energy intakes for the remainder of each study day and post-study days. There was considerable individual variation in food intakes following consumption of the Olibra emulsion, with 46, 59 and 57% of subjects reducing their energy intakes at lunch on days 1, 8 and 22. There was no consistent effect of the emulsion on appetite ratings., CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to earlier studies, there was no evidence of a short- or medium-term effect of the Olibra emulsion on food intake or appetite. This could be owing to numerous confounding factors influencing eating behaviour and/or the different study design used in the present study. Copyright Published online 15 March 2006.
Independent contribution of dairy products and calcium intake to blood pressure variations at a population level.; PURPOSE: Previous studies have shown a potential inverse relationship between blood pressure and daily calcium intake. The aim of the study was to assess the independent contribution of dairy product and calcium intake to blood pressure variations at a population level., METHODS: A sample of 912 men aged 45-64 years was randomly selected from the general population, as part of the French MONICA cross-sectional survey on cardiovascular risk factors (1995-1996). Extensive questionnaires on risk factors were filled out and each participant completed a three-consecutive-day food record. Two blood pressure measurements were performed at rest. In statistical analyses subjects were grouped according to quintiles of dairy product or calcium intakes., RESULTS: Systolic and diastolic blood pressures significantly decreased from the lowest [145.4 (standard error (SE) 1.55) and 89.0 (SE 0.94) mmHg respectively] to the highest quintile [135.6 (SE 1.26) and 85.3 (SE 0.84) mmHg respectively] of dairy product intakes in bivariate analysis. After multivariate linear regression analysis adjusted for confounders [centre, age, daily sodium, magnesium, calcium and alcohol intake, daily energy intake without alcohol, dieting, physical activity, body mass index (BMI), smoking, and use of antihypertensive or lipid-lowering drugs], the difference in systolic blood pressure remained significant. Results were similar when calcium intake was considered. After adjustment for confounders, the association between calcium-dairy product combination and blood pressure was the most significant when intakes of dairy products and calcium were both higher than the median., CONCLUSION: Dairy products and dietary calcium are both significantly and independently associated with low levels of systolic blood pressure.
Dairy products, calcium and phosphorus intake, and the risk of prostate cancer: results of the French prospective SU.VI.MAX (Supplementation en Vitamines et Mineraux Antioxydants) study.; Although dairy products have been found to be associated with an elevated risk of prostate cancer, studies investigating the potential effect of Ca are limited, and findings are inconsistent. The objective of the present study was to test the relationship between the risk of prostate cancer and consumption of dairy products and Ca. The analysis included 2776 men from the French SU.VI.MAX (Supplementation en Vitamines et Mineraux Antioxydants) prospective study, among whom sixty-nine developed prostate cancer during the follow-up period (median: 7.7 years). Food consumption was assessed at inclusion from repeated 24 h records and nutrient intake was calculated using a food composition table. A higher risk of prostate cancer was observed among subjects with higher dairy product (relative risk (RR; 95 % CI), 4th quartile v. 1st: 1.35 (1.02, 1.78), P = 0.04) and Ca intake (RR (95 % CI), 4th quartile v. 1st: 2.43 (1.05, 5.62), P = 0.04). Nevertheless, we identified a harmful effect of yoghurt consumption upon the risk of prostate cancer (RR (95 % CI), increment 125 g/d: 1.61 (1.07, 2.43), P = 0.02) independently of the Ca content. Our data support the hypothesis that dairy products have a harmful effect with respect to the risk of prostate cancer, largely related to Ca content. The higher risk of prostate cancer with linear increasing yoghurt consumption seems to be independent of Ca and may be related to some other component.
Plant sterol or stanol consumption does not affect erythrocyte osmotic fragility in patients on statin treatment.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effects of plant sterol or stanol ester consumption on their incorporation into erythrocytes and their effects on osmotic fragility of red blood cells., DESIGN: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled intervention trial., SUBJECTS AND INTERVENTION: Forty-one subjects on stable statin treatment - who already have increased serum plant sterol and stanol concentrations - first received for 4 weeks a control margarine. For the next 16 weeks, subjects were randomly assigned to one of three possible interventions. Eleven subjects continued with control margarine, 15 subjects with plant sterol ester enriched and 15 subjects with plant stanol ester-enriched margarine. Daily plant sterol or stanol intake was 2.5 g. Erythrocyte haemolysis was measured spectrophotometrically at five different saline concentrations., RESULTS: Despite significant (P = 0.004) increases of, respectively, 42 and 59% in cholesterol-standardized serum sitosterol and campesterol concentrations in the plant sterol group as compared to the control group, campesterol levels in the red blood cells did not change (P = 0.196). Osmotic fragility did not change significantly (P = 0.757) in the plant sterol and plant stanol groups as compared to the control group., CONCLUSION: We conclude that plant sterol and stanol ester consumption for 16 weeks does not change osmotic fragility of erythrocytes in statin-treated patients., SPONSORSHIP: Netherlands Organisation for Health Research and Development (Program Nutrition: Health, Safety and Sustainability, Grant 014-12-010).
Effects of a single large dose of vitamin A, given during the postpartum period to HIV-positive women and their infants, on child HIV infection, HIV-free survival, and mortality.; BACKGROUND: Low maternal serum retinol level is a risk factor for mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Multiple-large-dose vitamin A supplementation of HIV-positive children reduces mortality. The World Health Organization recommends single-large-dose vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women in areas of prevalent vitamin A deficiency; neonatal dosing is under consideration. We investigated the effect that single-large-dose maternal/neonatal vitamin A supplementation has on MTCT, HIV-free survival, and mortality in HIV-exposed infants., METHODS: A total of 14,110 mother-infant pairs were enrolled < or =96 h after delivery, and both mother and infant, mother only, infant only, or neither received vitamin A supplementation in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial with a 2 x 2 factorial design. All but 4 mothers initiated breast-feeding. A total of 4495 infants born to HIV-positive women were included in the present analysis., RESULTS: Neither maternal nor neonatal vitamin A supplementation significantly affected postnatal MTCT or overall mortality between baseline and 24 months. However, the timing of infant HIV infection modified the effect that supplementation had on mortality. Vitamin A supplementation had no effect in infants who were polymerase chain reaction (PCR) positive [corrected] for HIV at baseline. In infants who were PCR negative at baseline and PCR positive at 6 weeks, neonatal supplementation reduced mortality by 28% (P=.01), but maternal supplementation had no effect. In infants who were PCR negative at 6 weeks, all 3 vitamin A regimens were associated with ~2-fold higher mortality (P< or =.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Targeted vitamin A supplementation of HIV-positive children prolongs their survival. However, postpartum maternal and neonatal vitamin A supplementation may hasten progression to death in breast-fed children who are PCR negative at 6 weeks. These findings raise concern about universal maternal or neonatal vitamin A supplementation in HIV-endemic areas.
Effects of butter high in ruminant trans and monounsaturated fatty acids on lipoproteins, incorporation of fatty acids into lipid classes, plasma C-reactive protein, oxidative stress, hemostatic variables, and insulin in healthy young men.; BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that ruminant trans fatty acids (FAs), such as vaccenic acid, do not increase the risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD). However, the effects of ruminant trans FAs on risk markers of IHD have been poorly investigated., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the effect of butter with a naturally high content of vaccenic acid and a concomitantly higher content of monounsaturated FAs on classic and novel risk markers of IHD., DESIGN: In a double-blind, randomized, 5-wk, parallel intervention study, 42 healthy young men were given 115 g fat/d from test butter that was high in vaccenic acid (3.6 g vaccenic acid/d) or a control butter with a low content of vaccenic acid. Blood and urine samples were collected before and after the intervention., RESULTS: The intake of the vaccenic acid-rich diet resulted in 6% and 9% lower total cholesterol and plasma HDL-cholesterol concentrations, respectively, than did the intake of the control diet (P = 0.05 and 0.002, respectively), whereas the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol did not differ significantly between the groups. The FA composition of lipid classes reflected the FAs' proportion of the test butter. No other differences were observed., CONCLUSIONS: Butter high in ruminant trans and monounsaturated FAs resulted in significantly lower total and HDL cholesterol than did the control butter with higher amounts of saturated FAs. It may be that the differences were due to the greater content of monounsaturated FAs and the lesser content of saturated FAs in the butter rich in ruminant trans FAs, rather than to the content of vaccenic acid per se.
Total polyphenol intake estimated by a modified Folin-Ciocalteu assay of urine.; BACKGROUND: Plant polyphenols have been studied largely because of the possibility that they might underlie the protective effects afforded by fruit and vegetable intake against cancer and other chronic diseases. Measurement of polyphenol content excreted in urine as an indicator of polyphenol consumption may offer a routine screening method that could be used for these pathologies., METHODS: Thirty-six healthy volunteers each received 2 interventions, one with a polyphenol-rich food (cocoa beverage) and one with a polyphenol-free food (milk) as a control, in a randomized cross-over design with 1-week intervals. The total polyphenol content excreted in urine during the 6 h after consumption of the test meals was measured by a modified Folin-Ciocalteu assay after sample cleanup by solid-phase extraction., RESULTS: The mean (SD) concentrations of polyphenols excreted in the urine 6 h after consumption of the test meals differed significantly: 140.95 (49.27) mg catechin/g of creatinine after the polyphenol-rich meal vs 90.43 (46.07) mg catechin/g of creatinine after the control meal (P <0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: This method allows analysis of a large number of samples per day, which is ideal for use in epidemiologic studies and may enable estimation of polyphenol consumption and determination of their possible role in preventing of certain pathologies, such as cancer, cardiovascular and degenerative diseases.
Effect of soya protein on serum lipid profile and lipoprotein concentrations in patients undergoing hypercholesterolaemic haemodialysis.; Clinical trials have shown that soya protein reduces the concentrations of some atherogenic lipids in subjects with normal renal function. The present study examined the effects of soya protein on serum lipid concentrations and lipoprotein metabolism in patients on hypercholesterolaemic haemodialysis. Twenty-six hypercholesterolaemic (total cholesterol > or =6.21 mmol/l) patients on haemodialysis were studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. After a 4-week run-in phase, the subjects were randomly assigned to two groups. Isolated soya protein or milk protein 30 g was consumed daily as a beverage at breakfast or post-dialysis for 12 weeks. Soya protein substitution resulted in significant reductions in total cholesterol (17.2 (sd 8.9 )%), LDL-cholesterol (15.3 (sd 12.5 )%), apo B (14.6 (sd 12.1 )%) and insulin (23.8 (sd 18.7) %) concentrations. There were no significant changes in HDL-cholesterol or apo A-I. These results indicate that replacing part of the daily protein intake with soya protein has a beneficial effect on atherogenic lipids and favourably affects lipoprotein metabolism in hypercholesterolaemic patients undergoing haemodialysis.
Effect of dietary supplementation with beta-casein A1 or A2 on markers of disease development in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease.; The present study is the first to examine the hypothesis that dietary supplementation with beta-casein A1 promotes an increased risk relative to supplementation with beta-casein A2 in patients traditionally at high risk of developing CVD. The study was conducted in fifteen asymptomatic participants (six male; nine female) at high risk of developing CVD. A double-blind cross-over study design was used with a total duration of 24 weeks. Dietary intervention was a daily supplementation (25 g) of either casein A1 or A2 (for 12 weeks each). Surrogate measures of cardioprotection studied included the examination of vascular (endothelium and arterial) function, resting blood pressure, plasma lipids and biochemical markers of inflammation. Total plasma cholesterol levels were significantly lower following 12 weeks of both casein A1 and A2 interventions but the decrease was not different between intervention. Plasma insulin, homocysteine, C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, protein C and S and von Willebrand factor levels were not different between the two casein supplements. Endothelium function, measured as a vascular response using venous occlusion plethysmography to intra-arterial infusions of the endothelium-dependent agonist acetylcholine, were not different between the two casein interventions. Similarly, neither blood pressure nor measures of large artery stiffness were affected by differing the casein variant. We therefore conclude that there is no evidence from the present study that supplementation with casein A1 has any cardiovascular health disadvantage over consumption of casein A2.
Energy intake, ghrelin, and cholecystokinin after different carbohydrate and protein preloads in overweight men.; CONTEXT: Dietary proteins appear to be more satiating than carbohydrate. The mechanism and effect of protein and carbohydrate type are unclear., OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study is to compare the acute effect of different proteins and carbohydrates on indicators of appetite and appetite regulatory hormones., DESIGN: This is a randomized cross-over study of four orally consumed preloads followed by blood sampling (+15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 180 min), then a buffet meal., SETTING: The study was carried out in an outpatient clinic., PATIENTS AND OTHER PARTICIPANTS: Nineteen overweight (body mass index 32.1 +/- 0.9 kg/m(2)) men participated., INTERVENTIONS: Liquid preloads (1 MJ) contained whey (55 g), casein (55 g), lactose (56 g), or glucose (56 g)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma ghrelin, cholecystokinin (CCK), insulin, glucose and amino acids, gastric emptying rate (plasma paracetamol), appetite rating (visual analog scale), and ad libitum energy intake were the main outcome measures., RESULTS: Energy intake was 10 +/- 3% higher after the glucose preload compared with lactose and protein preloads (P < 0.05), which were predicted by ghrelin at 120 min (P < 0.05). CCK was 71 +/- 6% higher 90 min after the protein preloads compared with glucose and lactose (P < 0.05), which predicted appetite at 180 min (P < 0.05). There was a small increase in branched chain amino acids after the whey preload compared with casein (P < 0.01), but this was independent of appetite and energy intake., CONCLUSION: Acute appetite and energy intake are equally reduced after consumption of lactose, casein, or whey compared with glucose, which was consistent with differences in plasma ghrelin. Higher CCK responses after proteins correlated with satiety but did not affect energy intake.
Safety aspects and cholesterol-lowering efficacy of low fat dairy products containing plant sterols.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate whether a plant sterol mixture would reduce serum cholesterol when added to low fat dairy products in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia, and to examine the effects of the mixture on the serum plant sterol and fat-soluble vitamin levels., DESIGN: A parallel, double-blind study., SETTING: The study was performed in three different locations in Finland., SUBJECTS: In total, 164 mildly or moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects participated in the study., METHODS: The subjects were randomly divided into two groups: a plant sterol group and a control group. The subjects consumed the products for 6 weeks after a 3-week run-in period. The targeted plant sterol intake was 2 g/day in the sterol group., RESULTS: During the treatment period, there was a 6.5% reduction in serum total cholesterol in the sterol group while no change was observed in the control group (P<0.0005). Serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was reduced by 10.4% in the sterol group and by 0.6% in the control group (P<0.00005). There was no change during the trial in serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations. The HDL/LDL cholesterol ratio increased by 16.1% in the sterol group and by 4.3% in the control group (P=0.0001). Serum plant sterol levels increased significantly (P=0.0001) in the sterol group. None of the fat-soluble vitamin levels decreased significantly when changes in serum total cholesterol were taken into account. The hypocholesterolaemic effect of sterol administration was not influenced by apolipoprotein E phenotype., CONCLUSIONS: Yoghurt, low-fat hard cheese and low-fat fresh cheese enriched with a plant sterol mixture reduced serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolaemic subjects and no adverse effects were noted in the dietary control of hypercholesterolaemia.
Calcium supplementation for 1 y does not reduce body weight or fat mass in young girls.; BACKGROUND: Accumulating evidence from observational studies indicates that a high calcium intake may reduce body weight and body fat. However, few randomized trials have been conducted., OBJECTIVE: We examined whether calcium supplementation affects body weight and body fat in young girls and whether a relation exists between habitual calcium intake and body weight and body fat., DESIGN: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled intervention study was conducted in 110 young girls. The subjects were randomly assigned to receive 500 mg Ca/d as calcium carbonate or placebo for 1 y. Two groups of girls were selected according to habitual calcium intake from a large group; one group consumed 1000-1304 mg/d (40th-60th percentile; n = 60) and the other group consumed <713 mg/d (<20th percentile; n = 50). Height, body weight, body fat, and calcium intake were measured at baseline and after 1 y., RESULTS: At baseline a significant negative correlation was observed between habitual dietary calcium intake and percentage of body fat (r = -0.242, P = 0.011). However, calcium supplementation had no effect on height, body weight, or percentage body fat., CONCLUSIONS: Habitual dietary calcium intake was inversely associated with body fat, but a low-dose calcium supplement had no effect on body weight, height, or body fat over 1 y in young girls. It is possible that the effect of calcium on body weight is only exerted if it is ingested as part of a meal, or the effect may be due to other ingredients in dairy products, and calcium may simply be a marker for a high dairy intake.
Pilot study of imiquimod 5% cream as adjunctive therapy to curettage and electrodesiccation for nodular basal cell carcinoma.; BACKGROUND: Curettage and electrodesiccation (C&D) is a widely used method to treat nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). However, residual tumor is present immediately after the procedure in approximately 20 to 40% of cases. Imiquimod, a topical immune response modifier that targets Toll-like receptor 7, is currently approved for superficial BCC., OBJECTIVE: In a double-blind, vehicle-controlled study, the administration of imiquimod after C&D was investigated to determine if the combination regimen would reduce the frequency of residual tumor compared with C&D alone in patients with nodular BCC., METHODS: Twenty patients received three cycles of C&D followed by imiquimod 5% or vehicle cream once daily for 1 month as adjunctive therapy. The primary end point was the frequency of residual tumor. The secondary end points included the time to heal and cosmetic appearance., RESULTS: Twenty patients were randomized to the imiquimod (n = 10) or vehicle (n = 10) treatment group. At 8 weeks, the proportion of patients with residual tumor was substantially decreased with imiquimod therapy (10%) compared with vehicle (40%). Wounds in the vehicle group healed more quickly than those in the imiquimod group, although by 8 weeks, all excision sites were healed. The majority of scars in the control group were atrophic and hypopigmented, whereas most scars in the imiquimod group were flat and slightly pink., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream once daily for 1 month as adjunctive therapy after C&D substantially reduced the frequency of residual tumor and improved the cosmetic appearance compared with C&D alone. These preliminary results suggest that further studies to investigate imiquimod adjunctive therapy are warranted.
Porphyrin formation in actinic keratosis and basal cell carcinoma after topical application of methyl 5-aminolevulinate.; Photodynamic therapy using topical methyl 5-aminolevulinate (MAL) is a new treatment modality for basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and actinic keratosis (AK). MAL induces endogenous porphyrins, which act as photosensitizers. Pharmacokinetic studies of the porphyrin-inducing effect of MAL creams (Metvix) applied in different concentrations (16-160 mg/g) and application times are presented. Surface fluorescence measurements were used to monitor porphyrin accumulation in 18 superficial BCCs and 32 AKs. For both lesion types, the fluorescence increased during the first 13 of 28 hours of continuous MAL application. A 20-fold site-to-site variation was observed, and there were no significant MAL concentration dependencies. The selectivity between lesions and normal skin was 10-fold during the first hours and decreased throughout the application time. Fluorescence microscopy images of tissue sections from 32 nodular BCCs were analyzed to calculate the porphyrin content in tumor tissue as a function of depth. Significant correlation to MAL concentration was seen within the tumors treated for 3 hours. Increase to 18-hour MAL application enhanced the fluorescence levels in superficial tumor layers, but not in deep layers. In conclusion, application of the 160 mg/g cream for 3 hours gave advantageous porphyrin distributions for all types of lesions.
Fish oil affects blood pressure and the plasma lipid profile in healthy Danish infants.; Animal and epidemiologic studies indicate that early nutrition has lasting effects on metabolism and cardiovascular disease risk. In adults, (n-3) long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) from fish oils improve blood pressure, the lipid profile, and possibly cardiovascular disease mortality. This randomized trial is the first to investigate the effects of fish oil on blood pressure and the lipid profile in infancy. Healthy term 9-mo old infants (n = 83) were randomly assigned to 5 mL fish oil daily or no fish oil for 3 mo and to 2 different milk types. Before and after the intervention, blood pressure was measured with an oscillometric device, and blood was sampled for analysis of erythrocyte fatty acid composition and the plasma lipid profile. This paper examines the effects of the fish oil supplement, with adjustment for the effects of the milk intervention when relevant. The fish oil intervention increased erythrocyte (n-3) LCPUFA content (P < 0.001). At 12 mo, infants administered fish oil had a lower systolic blood pressure [adjusted mean difference (95% CI)] 6.3 mm Hg (0.9, 11.7) (P = 0.02), a 0.51 mmol/L (0.07, 0.95) higher plasma total cholesterol (P = 0.02), and a 0.52 mmol/L (0.02,1.01) higher LDL cholesterol (P = 0.04) than infants not administered fish oil. Plasma triacylglycerol was inversely associated with the erythrocyte content of eicosapentaenoic acid (r = 0.34, P < 0.01), a biomarker of fish oil dose. The observed effects of fish oil are in accordance with findings in adults. The long-term health implications warrant further investigation.
A comparison of the effects of A1 and A2 beta-casein protein variants on blood cholesterol concentrations in New Zealand adults.; Beta-casein is a cow's milk protein that occurs predominantly in two forms, A1 and A2. Epidemiological evidence suggests that per capita consumption of beta-casein A1 is associated with national mortality rates from ischaemic heart disease. A biological mechanism was proposed after rabbits fed diets containing beta-casein A2 had lower serum cholesterol concentrations and less aortic intimal thickening than rabbits fed beta-casein A1. We tested whether beta-casein A1 and A2 variants differentially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. In a randomised crossover trial of two four-and-a-half week periods without washout, 62 participants replaced all dairy products in their diet with 500 mL of low-fat milk and 28 g of full-fat cheese that differed in the proportion of beta-casein A1 and A2 variants. Duplicate blood samples were taken on non-consecutive days at the end of each treatment period from 55 people who completed the study. Mean (S.D.) plasma total, low-density and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were 5.60 (0.77), 3.73 (0.70) and 1.26 (0.34) mmol/L after the A1 diet and 5.63 (0.81), 3.75 (0.75) and 1.27 (0.37) mmol/L after the A2 diets. We found no evidence that dairy products containing beta-casein A1 or A2 exerted differential effects (P > 0.05) on plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans.
Cis-9, trans- 11 and trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) do not affect the plasma lipoprotein profile in moderately overweight subjects with LDL phenotype B.; BACKGROUND: Results of a pilot study suggested that cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) improved LDL phenotype in moderately overweight subjects with LDL phenotype B., OBJECTIVE: Initiated by the results of this pilot study, we have specifically designed a study to test the hypothesis that cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid improves LDL phenotype in moderately overweight subjects with LDL phenotype B. Effects on the serum lipid profile, on plasma glucose and insulin concentrations, and on clinical parameters were also examined., DESIGN: Volunteers with LDL phenotype B were divided into three groups consuming daily a drinkable dairy product not enriched with CLA (placebo, n = 34), the same dairy product enriched with 3g c9, t11 CLA (n = 34), or the dairy product enriched with 3g t10, c12 CLA (n = 19) for 13 weeks., RESULTS: Median changes in the proportions of plasma small dense LDL were -2.0% in the control group and -0.1% in the c9, t11 CLA and t10, c12 CLA groups (p = 0.981 for the differences between the groups). c9, t11 CLA or t10, c12 CLA did also not affect serum concentrations of LDL and HDL cholesterol, and of triacylglycerol, and plasma concentrations of glucose and insulin., CONCLUSIONS: In humans with LDL phenotype B, c9, t11 CLA and t10, c12 CLA do not beneficially change risk factors for cardiovascular disease or diabetes.
The relationship between persistent organic pollutants in maternal and neonatal tissues and immune responses to allergens: A novel exploratory study.; BACKGROUND: Modern persistent organic pollutants (POPs) contamination are logical candidates in the investigation of the, as yet, unexplained association between allergic disease and progressive industrialisation. POPs have been detected in human cord blood, placental tissues and breast milk, and the reported association between cord blood IgE levels and cord/placental POP levels has raised concerns about potential immunological effects in early life., METHODS: The initial aim of this study was to determine if POPs were detectable in maternal blood, cord blood, placental tissues, adipose tissue and breast milk samples from randomly selected Western Australian women (n = 31), where allergic disease is epidemic. Gas chromatography was used to detect polychlorinated biphenyl compounds [PCBs] (as Aroclor 1232, 1254, 1260) and organochlorine (OC) pesticides, including p,p'-DDT, p,p'-DDE, hexachlorobenzene (HCB), lindane, heptachlor epoxide, dieldrin and chlordane. Secondly, we assessed the relationship between POP levels detected in vivo and maternal and neonatal responses (cytokine and lymphoproliferation) to allergens and mitogens., RESULTS: Low level POP contamination was detected in adipose tissue and breast milk (but not in cord blood, maternal blood or placental tissues). The most ubiquitous compound found in over 90% of adipose tissues samples was a OC metabolite of DDT, p,p'-DDE (median 0.07 mg/kg; interquartile range [IQR] 0.05-0.12). However, the majority of other OC compounds were not detectable and PCB were not detectable in any samples. The three main residues detected in breast milk were p,p'-DDE (0.003 mg/l; 0.001-0.009), dieldrin (0.001 mg/l; 0.001-0.046) and HCB (0.001 mg/l; 0.001-0.001). These levels are significantly lower than reported over 20 years ago. There were no consistent relationships between POP levels in vivo and maternal or infant responses, with the exception of a significant inverse association (Spearman rank correlation: r = -0.406, p = 0.049) between maternal adipose tissue levels of OC p,p'-DDE and maternal T helper cell Type 1 interferon [IFN] gamma to mitogens., CONCLUSION: This study provides the first evidence (in Australia) since the early 1990's that adipose OC levels have continued to fall. The negligible levels in this randomly selected group are significantly lower than those previously recorded, suggesting that POP contamination (at biologically relevant levels) is not likely to be a major contributing factor in the increasing rates of allergy in Western Australia. However, the relationship between Th1 immune function and OC contamination is consistent with other reports and is worth investigating as a relevant factor in populations where OC contamination is greater.
Intake occasion affects the serum cholesterol lowering of a plant sterol-enriched single-dose yoghurt drink in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the impact of intake occasion (with or without a meal), and product fat level on the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a plant sterol (PS)-enriched (3 g/day) single-dose yoghurt drink., DESIGN: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel study with a 4 weeks run-in and 4 weeks intervention period., SETTING: Subjects recruited from the general community., SUBJECTS: A total of 184 moderate hypercholesterolaemic subjects (81 men and 103 women) (age 57+/-2 years) completed the study., INTERVENTIONS: The study product was a 100-g single-dose yoghurt drink with or without added PS in the form of PS esters. The subjects were randomly assigned to one of five 4-week treatments: (i) drink A (0.1% dairy fat, 2.2% total fat) with a meal, (ii) drink A without a meal, (iii) drink B (1.5% dairy fat, 3.3% total fat) with a meal, (iv) drink B without a meal and (v) placebo drink with a meal., RESULTS: LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) was significantly lowered when the single-dose drink was taken with a meal independent of its fat content (drink A: -9.5% (P<0.001, 95% CI: -13.8 to -5.2); drink B: -9.3% (P<0.001, 95% CI: -13.7 to -4.9)) as compared to placebo. When consumed without a meal, LDL-C was also significantly decreased (drink A: -5.1% (P<0.05, 95% CI: -9.4 to -0.8); drink B: -6.9% (P<0.01, 95% CI: -11.3 to -2.5) as compared to placebo, however the effect was significantly smaller as compared to the intake with a meal., CONCLUSION: These results indicate that a PS-ester-enriched single-dose yoghurt drink effectively reduces LDL-C irrespective of the fat content of the product. A substantially larger decrease in serum cholesterol concentration was achieved when the single-dose drink was consumed with a meal emphasizing the importance of the intake occasion for optimal cholesterol-lowering efficacy., SPONSORSHIP: Unilever Research and Development, Vlaardingen, The Netherlands.
Clinical and pharmacokinetic study evaluating the effect of food on the disposition of 9-nitrocamptothecin and its 9-aminocamptothecin metabolite in patients with solid tumors.; BACKGROUND: 9-Nitrocamptothecin (9NC) is an orally administered camptothecin analogue that has completed phase III trials for pancreatic cancer. In biological matrices, camptothecin analogues exist in equilibrium between the active-lactone (LAC) and inactive-hydroxy acid (HA) forms. 9NC has been administered on an empty stomach; however, it is unclear if food alters the absorption and disposition of 9NC and its 9-aminocamptothecin (9AC) active-metabolite. Thus, we evaluated the disposition of 9NC and 9AC after administration of 9NC under fasting conditions and after a standard meal., METHODS: Patients were randomized to receive 9NC as a single oral dose at 1.5 mg/m(2) with 8 ounces (oz) of an acidic beverage under fasting conditions, or after a meal consisting of two eggs, 8 oz of orange juice, buttered toast, 8 oz of milk, and 4 oz of hash brown potatoes. Following a 72 h washout period, 9NC was administered with the alternative condition (i.e., with food or fasting). 9NC was then continued for 5 days of every week. Serial blood samples were obtained prior to and from 0.25 to 24 h after administration of 9NC. The total (sum of LAC + HA) of 9NC and 9AC were measured by an LC-MS/MS assay. Area under the plasma concentration versus time curve (AUC) for 9NC and 9AC total were calculated. After the pharmacokinetic section of the study, patients received 9NC 1.5 mg/m(2) orally under fasting conditions daily for 5 days per week for 8 weeks., RESULTS: Sixteen patients with median (range) age 62 (47-83) years, diagnoses of colorectal (six patients), lung (two patients), and other (eight patients) malignancies, received 83 [median (range) 4 (2-9)] weeks of therapy. Patients with toxicities greater than grade 2: were diarrhea (1), nausea (2), vomiting (2), fatigue (2), anemia (3), neutropenia (3), and febrile neutropenia (2). Three patients (lung, unknown primary, and colon) had stable disease for eight weeks. The mean+/-SD of 9NC AUC(food) and 9NC AUC(fast) (n=9) were 330+/-182 and 558+/-379 ng/ml.h, respectively (P<0.05). The mean+/-SD of 9AC AUC(food) and 9AC AUC(fast) (n=9) were 244+/-60 and 256+/-101 ng/ml.h, respectively (P>0.05). The mean +/- SD ratio of 9NC AUC(food) to AUC(fasting) in individual patients (n=9) was 0.67+/-0.22. The mean +/- SD ratio of 9AC AUC(food) to AUC(fasting) in individual patients (n=9) was 1.14+/-0.61., CONCLUSIONS: Co-administration of 9NC with food reduces the oral absorption of 9NC; however, there was no difference in the exposure of 9AC. The is high interpatient variability in the effect of food on the absorption of 9NC and the interpatient variability in the effect of food on the disposition of 9AC is even greater when compared to 9NC.
Influence of stearic acid on postprandial lipemia and hemostatic function.; It has been suggested that fats rich in stearic acid may result in exaggerated postprandial lipemia and have adverse effects on hemostatic function. The effects of test meals containing different saturated and monounsaturated FA were compared in healthy subjects in a series of studies to investigate this hypothesis. Stearic acid, when present as cocoa butter, resulted in similar postprandial lipemia and factor VII activation compared with a meal containing high-oleic sunflower oil. Stearic acid when presented as shea butter or as randomized stearate-rich TAG resulted in decreased postprandial lipemia and decreased postprandial activation of factor VII. Stearic acid-rich test meals did not result in impaired fibrinolytic activity compared with either a low-fat meal or a meal high in oleate. The difference in responses between the different stearic acid-rich fats appears to be due to varying solid fat contents of the fats at 37 degrees C.
Effect of low- and high-calcium dairy-based diets on macronutrient oxidation in humans.; OBJECTIVE: Higher calcium and dairy intakes may be associated with lower body weights, but a mechanism in humans has yet to be elucidated. We compared the effects of a dairy-based high-calcium diet and a low-calcium diet on macronutrient oxidation., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Subjects (10 men and nine women) consumed a low-dairy (LD, approximately one serving per day, approximately 500 mg Ca(2+)/d) or high-dairy (HD, approximately three to four servings per day, approximately 1400 mg Ca(2+)/d) energy balance diet for 1 week. Each diet condition was performed twice. On the 7th day, subjects were studied in a room calorimeter under one of four study conditions, applied in a randomized crossover design. Within each diet condition, subjects were studied under conditions of energy balance and acute energy deficit. The deficit (-600 kcal/d) was induced only for the 24 hours that subjects resided in the room and was achieved by a combination of caloric restriction and exercise., RESULTS: Under energy balance conditions, there was no effect of diet treatment on respiratory quotient or 24-hour macronutrient oxidation. Under energy deficit conditions, 24-hour fat oxidation was significantly increased on the HD diet (HD with deficit = 136 +/- 13 g/d, LD with deficit = 106 +/- 7 g/d, p = 0.02)., DISCUSSION: Consumption of a dairy-based high-calcium diet increased 24-hour fat oxidation under conditions of acute energy deficit. We hypothesize that these effects are due to an increased fat oxidation during exercise.
Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, prospective study evaluating the tolerability and effectiveness of imiquimod applied to postsurgical excisions on scar cosmesis.; BACKGROUND: It has been reported that topical application of imiquimod 5% cream induces interferon-alpha, an antifibrotic cytokine., OBJECTIVE: To determine the tolerability and effectiveness on the cosmetic outcome of the application of imiquimod to postsurgical excision sites., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A prospective, double-blinded, randomized, vehicle-controlled trial was conducted among 20 patients with two skin lesions clinically diagnosed as melanocytic nevi. Imiquimod 5% cream was applied to one of the sutured surgical wounds starting the night of the excision nightly for a period of 4 weeks. The second sutured excision site was treated with vehicle cream. Scar cosmesis, erythema, pigmentary alterations, induration, tenderness, and pain were assessed using a visual analogue scale 2, 4, and 8 weeks after surgery., RESULTS: Eighteen subjects completed the study, with a total of 36 excision sites; no wound site dehisced, and no signs of infection were noted. Surgical wounds treated with imiquimod had more erythema, pigmentary alterations, and lower cosmesis rated by the investigator compared with wounds treated with placebo, both becoming nonsignificant in further evaluations. For pigmentary alterations, induration, and cosmesis rated by the patients, no statistically significant difference between treatment groups was observed at week 8., CONCLUSION: Treatment of surgical excision-site wounds with imiquimod was well tolerated and without serious adverse events. Evaluations for cosmesis of placebo-treated surgical sites were better than imiquimod-treated sites at week 8, becoming nonsignificant later.
Short-term soy and probiotic supplementation does not markedly affect concentrations of reproductive hormones in postmenopausal women with and without histories of breast cancer.; BACKGROUND: Observational studies suggest that dietary isoflavones reduce breast cancer risk, and this may be caused in part by effects on endogenous hormone concentrations. Because intestinal bacteria metabolize isoflavones, it was hypothesized that consumption of probiotic bacteria would enhance the biologic effects of isoflavones, including effects on endogenous hormones., DESIGN: Twenty (20) postmenopausal breast cancer survivors and 20 healthy postmenopausal women completed four 42-day diet periods in a randomized, crossover design. They received one of the following: isolated soy protein; isolated milk protein; soy + probiotic capsules; or milk + probiotic capsules. Each protein supplement provided 0.38 g protein/(kg body weight/day) (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/day) and soy protein provided 0.64 mg isoflavones/(kg body weight/day) (44.4 +/- 7.5 mg isoflavones/day). Probiotic capsules provided 10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus (strain DDS-1), Bifidobacterium longum, and 15-20 mg fructo-oligosaccharide., MEASURES: Plasma samples were collected at baseline and after each diet for analysis of estrogens, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), androgens, and sex hormone?binding globulin (SHBG)., RESULTS: Hormone levels were not affected by soy, probiotic supplements, or equol producer status, and neither cancer status nor equol producer status altered the effects of soy or probiotics. Furthermore probiotics did not alter the effects of soy consumption. Soy protein tended to decrease SHBG compared to milk protein diets (p = 0.05), although both proteins significantly decreased SHBG relative to baseline (p = 0.0001 and p = 0.03)., CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that short-term, moderate consumption of isoflavone-containing soy protein and consumption of these particular probiotic capsules do not significantly alter reproductive hormone concentrations in breast cancer survivors or controls, regardless of equol producer status.
Environmental factors related to the induction of beta-cell autoantibodies in 1-yr-old healthy children.; We studied environmental risk factors which might contribute to the development of beta-cell autoantibodies in healthy children. Here, we investigated 6000 randomly selected children from the large All Babies in Southeast Sweden (ABIS) cohort, including 17 055 newborns recruited between 1997 and 1999. Questionnaires at birth and at 1 yr of age and the levels of autoantibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase (GADA) and autoantibodies to tyrosine phosphatase (IA-2A) at 1 yr of age were analyzed. The 99th percentile cutoff for autoantibodies was proposed to identify children at risk of type 1 diabetes (T1D) and the 90th percentile cutoff to identify children in whom beta-cell autoimmunity has been induced. Using the 90th percentile cutoff level, 1156 children had either IA-2A (n = 574) or GADA (n = 582), while 126 children had both GADA and IA-2A. When the 99th percentile cutoff level was used, 114 children had either IA-2A (n = 57) or GADA (n = 57), and six children had both GADA and IA-2A. In logistic regression analysis, celiac disease in grandparents [odds ratio (OR) 2.2] and maternal gastrointestinal infection (OR 1.1) represented a risk for simultaneous occurrence of both IA-2A and GADA above the 90th percentile. Birth in spring (March to May) (OR 1.5) and male gender (OR 1.3) were risk factors for induction of IA-2A. Mother's low education represented a risk for induction of IA-2A (OR 1.5) and GADA (OR 1.4). T1D in first-degree relatives increased the risk for beta-cell autoimmunity above the 99th percentile (OR 2.6), whereas type 2 diabetes in grandparents was associated with GADA (OR 2.1). Exposure to cow's milk formulas <2 months of age implied an OR of 2.9 for IA-2A above the 99th percentile.
Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk lowers blood pressure in hypertensive subjects in 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurement.; BACKGROUND: The present study was carried out to evaluate the blood pressure (BP)-lowering effect and the safety aspects of Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk with high tripeptide doses on hypertensive subjects using 24-h ambulatory measurements (ABPM)., METHODS: In a randomized, double blinded placebo-controlled parallel group study, 94 hypertensive patients not receiving any drug treatment were given 150 mL twice daily of either L. helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk with a high concentration of tripeptides (Ile-Pro-Pro 7.5 mg/100 g and Val-Pro-Pro 10 mg/100 g) or a control product, for 10 weeks after a 4-week run-in period. Twenty-four-hour ABPM were taken at the beginning and at the end of the intervention period. The average baseline systolic and diastolic BP values were 132.6 +/- 9.9/83.0 +/- 8.0 mm Hg in the L. helveticus group and 130.3 +/- 9.6 /80.2 +/- 7.0 mm Hg in the control group., RESULTS: There was a mean difference of -4.1 +/- 0.9 mm Hg in systolic (P = .001) and a -1.8 +/- 0.7 mm Hg in diastolic BP (P = .048) between the L. helveticus group and the control group. There was no difference in the sum of the adverse events (P = .820)., CONCLUSIONS: Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk containing bioactive peptides, in daily use, does have a BP-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects and is thus a potential for the dietary treatment of hypertension.
Human papillomavirus: burden of illness and treatment cost considerations.; The monetary and personal costs to society of human papillomavirus (HPV) infection are enormous. In order to make a comparison of different treatment methods we reviewed the entire literature on HPV treatment from January 1966 to December 2003 using MEDLINE, with particular reference to published meta-analyses, randomized controlled and comparative studies. Patient-applied therapies offer patients the possibility of convenient and, on the whole, pain-free treatment. Podofilox (podophyllotoxin) and salicylic acid for genital and extragenital warts, respectively, have the additional advantage of being the most cost-effective treatments and, on this basis, they are to be commended as appropriate first-line agents. The second-line treatment of choice for common warts is cryotherapy. For recalcitrant common warts possible options include inosine pranobex with cryotherapy or electrosurgery, imiquimod with paring and occlusion, intralesional bleomycin, or diphencyprone. Alternative first-line and second-line treatments for genital warts would be either some form of surgical removal or imiquimod. The first option may be the cheapest but this has to be balanced against a degree of post-operative morbidity. Limited data from comparative studies do not show any clear difference in efficacy between cryotherapy, trichloroacetic acid, scissor excision, electrosurgery, and laser surgery in the treatment of genital warts, and the cost effectiveness of these therapies is probably similar to that of imiquimod. Cryotherapy and trichloroacetic acid are relatively expensive and inconvenient for patients and should be reserved as third-line treatments with certain exceptions, such as cryotherapy for meatal warts. The duration of treatment is significantly related to the number of warts present, the area covered by the warts, and the length of time the warts have been present. For recalcitrant anogenital warts third-line treatment options that show promise include surgery in combination with imiquimod or cidofovir cream. For squamous intraepithelial lesions that cannot easily be excised or physically ablated current treatment options include imiquimod and fluorouracil cream. The latter is an inexpensive option but causes the greatest morbidity. It is hoped that cidofovir may be added to this list if it becomes commercially available, and that protective and therapeutic HPV vaccines will transform the management of HPV in the future.
Effects of 3 diets with various calcium contents on 24-h energy expenditure, fat oxidation, and adipose tissue message RNA expression of lipid metabolism-related proteins.; BACKGROUND: Evidence from molecular and animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicates that calcium intake may be inversely related to body weight, possibly through alterations in 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) [1,25(OH)(2)D(3)] metabolism., OBJECTIVE: We tested whether energy and substrate metabolism and adipose tissue enzyme messenger RNA (mRNA) expression can be altered by dietary calcium intake in healthy, nonobese, human volunteers consuming an isocaloric diet., DESIGN: Twelve healthy men [age: 28 +/- 2 y; body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)): 25.2 +/- 06] received 3 isocaloric diets [high calcium (1259 +/- 9 mg/d), high dairy (high/high); high calcium (1259 +/- 9 mg/d), low dairy (high/low); and low calcium (349 +/- 8 mg/d), low dairy (low/low)] in a randomized crossover design. At the end of the 7-d dietary periods, 24-h energy expenditure and substrate metabolism were measured, and fat biopsy specimens were obtained to determine mRNA expression in genes involved in the lipolytic and lipogenic pathways., RESULTS: The 24-h energy expenditure was 11.8 +/- 0.3, 11.6 +/- 0.3, and 11.7 +/- 0.3 MJ/24 h in the high/high, high/low, and low/low conditions, respectively. Fat oxidation in these conditions was 108 +/- 7, 105 +/- 9, and 100 +/- 6 g/24 h. These differences were not statistically significant. mRNA concentrations of UCP2, FAS, GPDH2, HSL, and PPARG did not differ significantly. Serum 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) concentrations changed from 175 +/- 16 to 138 +/- 15, 181 +/- 23 to 159 +/- 19, and 164 +/- 13 to 198 +/- 19 pmol/L in the high/high, high/low, and low/low conditions, respectively, and was significantly different between the high/high and low/low conditions (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Altering the dietary calcium content for 7 d does not influence substrate metabolism, energy metabolism, or gene expression in proteins related to fat metabolism, despite significant changes in 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) concentrations.
Fat oxidation and its relation to serum parathyroid hormone in young women enrolled in a 1-y dairy calcium intervention.; BACKGROUND: Increased dietary calcium is associated with changes in body composition. One proposed mechanism is that dietary calcium increases fat oxidation, potentially via regulation of serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) concentrations., OBJECTIVES: The objectives of the study were to determine whether acute or chronic increased dairy calcium intakes alter postprandial whole-body fat oxidation and whether the increased intake is related to changes in PTH concentrations., DESIGN: Normal-weight women aged 18-30 y were randomly assigned to a low (<800 mg/d, control; n = 10) or high (1000-1400 mg/d; n = 9) dietary calcium intake group for 1 y. Whole-body fat oxidation was assessed by measuring respiratory gas exchange after each subject consumed 2 isocaloric liquid meals containing 100 or 500 mg Ca at baseline and 1 y. Fasting serum PTH was measured at baseline and 1 y., RESULTS: The mean 1-y change in fat oxidation was higher in the high-calcium group than in the low-calcium control group after a low-calcium meal (0.10 +/- 0.05 compared with 0.005 +/- 0.04 g/min; P < 0.001) and a high-calcium meal (0.06 +/- 0.05 compared with 0.03 +/- 0.04 g/min; P < 0.05). The 1-y change in serum log PTH was negatively associated with the 1-y change in postprandial fat oxidation after a high-calcium meal (partial r = -0.46, P < 0.04) when controlled for the1-y change in total body fat mass., CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that a chronic diet high in dairy calcium increases whole-body fat oxidation from a meal, and increases in fasting serum PTH relate to decreases in postprandial whole-body fat oxidation.
Palm oil versus hydrogenated soybean oil: effects on serum lipids and plasma haemostatic variables.; The purpose of this study was to test if replacement of trans fatty acids by palmitic acid in an experimental margarine results in unfavourable effects on serum lipids and haemostatic factors. We have compared the effects of three different margarines, one based on palm oil (PALM-margarine), one based on partially hydrogenated soybean oil (TRANS- margarine) and one with a high content of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA-margarine), on serum lipids in 27 young women. In nine of the participants fasting levels and diurnal postprandial levels of haemostatic variables on the 3 diets were compared. The sum of 12:0, 14:0, 16:0 provided 11% of energy (E%) in the PALM diet, the same as the sum of 12:0, 14:0, 16:0 and trans fatty acids in the TRANS-diet. Oleic acid provided 10-11E% in all three diets, while PUFA provided 5.7, 5.5 and 10.2 E%, respectively. Total fat provided 30-31% and the test margarines 26% of total energy in all three diets. Each of the diets was consumed for 17 days in a crossover design. There were no significant differences in total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and apoB between the TRANS- and the PALM-diet. HDL-cholesterol and apoA-I were significantly higher on the PALM-diet compared to the TRANS-diet while the ratio of LDL- to HDL-cholesterol was lower, although not significantly (P = 0.077) on the PALM-diet. Total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and apoB were significantly lower on the PUFA-diet compared to the two other diets. HDL-cholesterol was not different on the PALM- and the PUFA-diet while it was significantly lower on the TRANS-diet compared to the PUFA-diet. Triglycerides and Lp(a) were not different among the three diets. The diurnal postprandial state level of tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) activity was significantly decreased on the TRANS-diet compared to the PALM-diet. t-PA activity was also decreased on the PUFA-diet compared to PALM-diet although not significantly (P=0.07). There were no significant differences in neither fasting levels or in circadian variation of t-PA antigen, PAI-1 activity, PAI-1 antigen, factor VII coagulant activity or fibrinogen between the three diets. Our results suggest that dietary palm oil may have a more favourable effect on the fibrinolytic system compared to partially hydrogenated soybean oil. We conclude that from a nutritional point of view, palmitic acid from palm oil may be a reasonable alternative to trans fatty acids from partially hydrogenated soybean oil in margarine if the aim is to avoid trans fatty acids. A palm oil based margarine is, however, less favourable than one based on a more polyunsaturated vegetable oil.
Variable effects of soy protein on plasma lipids in hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic hemodialysis patients.; BACKGROUND: Hyperlipidemic factors contribute to the high cardiovascular risk in hemodialysis patients. Soy protein has decreased some atherogenic lipid concentrations in subjects with normal renal function. This study evaluates the effect of soy protein on serum lipid profiles in hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic hemodialysis patients., METHODS: Nineteen hyperlipidemic and 18 normolipidemic hemodialysis patients were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial. After a 4-week run-in phase, subjects in each category were randomly assigned to 2 groups. Thirty grams of isolated soy protein or milk protein was consumed daily as a beverage at breakfast or postdialysis for 12 weeks., RESULTS: In hyperlipidemic subjects, soy protein intake significantly decreased total cholesterol levels by 18.6% (95% confidence interval [CI], -11.4 to -25.8; P = 0.04), triglyceride levels by 43.1% (95% CI, -34.0 to -52.2; P = 0.02), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels by 23.6% (95% CI, -14.7 to -32.5; P < 0.01), apolipoprotein B levels by 15.4% (95% CI, -5.4 to -25.4; P = 0.01), and insulin levels by 49.8% (95% CI, -23.3 to -66.1; P < 0.01). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was decreased significantly (-25.8%; 95% CI, -8.3 to -42.7; P = 0.01), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level was increased significantly (17%; 95% CI, 2 to 32.0; P = 0.03), but there was no significant difference compared with the milk protein group (-5.5% +/- 16.9% and 7.0% +/- 11.8%, respectively). There were no significant changes in serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in normolipidemic subjects., CONCLUSION: These results indicate soy protein substitution has lipid-lowering effects in hyperlipidemic hemodialysis patients. However, soy protein intake had little effect on plasma lipid levels in normolipidemic hemodialysis patients.
Perianal and intrarectal anaesthesia for transrectal biopsy of the prostate: a prospective randomized study comparing lidocaine-prilocaine cream and placebo.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the effectiveness of perianal and intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream for prostate biopsy., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 200 consecutive patients were randomized to receive 5 mL lidocaine-prilocaine cream or 5 mL placebo peri-anally and transrectally before transrectal ultrasonography (TRUS)-guided prostate needle biopsy (mean number of cores, 12). The men were asked to grade the pain when the TRUS probe was inserted and during the biopsy procedure using a 10-point linear visual analogue pain scale., RESULTS: At probe insertion, men in the anaesthetic group reported a significantly lower mean pain level than men in the placebo group (0.3 vs 1.6, P < 0.001). Men who had anaesthetic also reported less pain during biopsy punctures (1.8 vs 3.2, P < 0.001). Stratifying results by age, younger men (< 67 years) benefited more from anaesthesia during probe insertion (0.9 vs 1.7; P = 0.04) and biopsy (1.8 vs 4.0, P < 0.001) than older men (1.0 vs 1.1, P = 0.7 and 1.9 vs 2.4, P = 0.3, respectively). There were only minor complications, and these were not significantly different between the groups., CONCLUSION: Topical anaesthesia with prilocaine-lidocaine cream significantly reduced pain at transrectal probe insertion and during the biopsy procedure.
The impact of calcium and dairy product consumption on weight loss.; OBJECTIVE: Recent evidence suggests that diets high in calcium and dairy products are associated with lower body weight, particularly lower body fat levels. The purpose of this study was to compare weight and body fat loss on a calorie-restricted, low-dairy (CR) vs. high-dairy (CR+D) diet., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Fifty-four subjects (BMI 30 +/- 2.5 kg/m2, 45 +/- 6.6 years, 4 men) were randomly assigned to calorie-restricted (-500 kcal/d) low-dairy calcium (n = 29; approximately 1 serving dairy/d, 500 mg/d calcium) or high-dairy calcium (n = 25; 3 to 4 servings dairy/d, 1200 to 1400 mg/d calcium) diets for 12 months. Main outcome measures included change in weight (kilograms) and body fat (percentage)., RESULTS: There were no significant differences between groups at baseline. At 12 months, weight and body fat loss were not significantly different. Subjects in the CR vs. CR+D conditions lost 9.6 +/- 6.5 vs. 10.8 +/- 5.9 kg (p = 0.56) and 9.0 +/- 3.8 vs. 10.1 +/- 3.6 kg body fat (p = 0.37)., DISCUSSION: These findings suggest that a high-dairy calcium diet does not substantially improve weight loss beyond what can be achieved in a behavioral intervention.
Role of diet in prostate cancer development and progression.; Increasing evidence supports the important role of nutrition in cancer prevention, including prevention of prostate cancer. In this review, we summarize data for some of the most consistently observed dietary associations for prostate cancer incidence, briefly consider possible postdiagnostic effects of nutrition on prostate cancer progression/survival, discuss new but limited data on diet-gene interactions, and comment on current areas of controversy for future research focus. Potential protective dietary elements include tomatoes/lycopene, other carotenoids, cruciferous vegetables, vitamin E, selenium, fish/marine omega-3 fatty acids, soy, isoflavones and polyphenols; whereas milk, dairy, calcium, zinc at high doses, saturated fat, grilled meats, and heterocyclic amines may increase risk. It is important to note that randomized clinical trial data exist only for vitamin E, calcium, beta-carotene, and selenium (all of which suggest inverse or no association). Several genes, such as MnSOD, XRCC1, and GST, may modify the association of specific nutrients and foods with prostate cancer risk; and further research is warranted to confirm these initial observed relationships. Until further clinical trial data are available on specific supplements and prostate cancer prevention, it would be prudent to emphasize a diet consisting of a wide variety of plant-based foods and fish; this is similar to what is recommended (and what is more well established) for the primary prevention of heart disease.
A quantitative analysis of prenatal intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cognitive development.; Although a rich source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that may confer multiple health benefits, some fish also contain methyl mercury (MeHg), which may harm the developing fetus. U.S. government recommendations for women of childbearing age are to modify consumption of high-MeHg fish to reduce MeHg exposure, while recommendations encourage fish consumption among the general population because of the nutritional benefits. The Harvard Center for Risk Analysis convened an expert panel (see acknowledgements) to quantify the net impact of resulting hypothetical changes in fish consumption across the population. This paper estimates the impact of prenatal n-3 intake on cognitive development. Other papers quantify the negative impact of prenatal exposure to MeHg on cognitive development, and the extent to which fish consumption protects against coronary heart disease mortality and stroke in adults. This paper aggregates eight randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing cognitive development in controls and in children who had received n-3 PUFA supplementation (seven studies of formula supplementation and one study of maternal dietary supplementation). Our analysis assigns study weights accounting for statistical precision, relevance of three endpoint domains (general intelligence, verbal ability, and motor skills) to prediction of IQ, and age at evaluation. The study estimates that increasing maternal docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intake by 100 mg/day increases child IQ by 0.13 points. The paper notes that findings were inconsistent across the RCTs evaluated (although our findings were relatively robust to changes in the weighting scheme used). Also, for seven of the eight studies reviewed, effects are extrapolated from formula supplementation to maternal dietary intake.
Trends in food intakes in Swedish adults 1986-1999: findings from the Northern Sweden MONICA (Monitoring of Trends and Determinants in Cardiovascular Disease) Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine changes in reported food frequency in adults between 1986 and 1999., DESIGN: Four consecutive cross-sectional surveys., SETTING: Counties of Norrbotten and Vasterbotten, Northern Sweden., SUBJECTS: The Northern Sweden MONICA (Monitoring of Trends and Determinants in Cardiovascular Disease) population, four independent cross-sectional surveys in 1986, 1990, 1994 and 1999. Randomly selected age-stratified samples of the population aged 25-64 years. Analysis is based on 2982 males and 3087 females who completed an 84-item food-frequency questionnaire., RESULTS: Between 1986 and 1999, average reported consumption of 3%-fat milk decreased from 42 to 7 intakes month(-1) in men and from 28 to 4 intakes month(-1) in women. Reported use of 1.5%-fat milk increased from 6 to 27 intakes month(-1) in men and from 6 to 24 in women. Monthly intakes of potatoes and root vegetables decreased from 38 to 27 in men and from 39 to 32 in women. Consumption of pasta increased from 4 to 7 intakes month(-1) in both sexes. Intakes of solid fats with 80% fat content dropped from 92 to 62 per month in men and from 78 to 52 per month in women, whereas use of 40%-fat spread increased from 12 to 22 intakes month(-1) in men and from 5 to 26 in women. Monthly intakes of vegetable oil increased from 3 to 12 in men and from 3 to 15 in women. The percentage of overweight or obese individuals (body mass index >25 kg m(-2)) increased from 52 to 65% in men and from 41 to 52% in women (P for linear trend in all these changes, <0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate reduced consumption of foods with a high content of saturated fats. In spite of that, there is an unbroken trend towards increased obesity.
The palatability of milk-based and non-milk-based nutritional supplements in gastrointestinal cancer and the effect of chemotherapy.; INTRODUCTION: Oral nutritional supplements may have a role in the management of weight loss in patients with cancer. Information on preference for different types of nutritional supplements and the influence of taste changes and chemotherapy is limited., AIMS AND METHODS: This study aimed, in patients with gastrointestinal (GI) cancer, to determine the short-term preference for commonly used nutritional supplements compared with controls, to examine whether preference is altered by chemotherapy and to assess the reproducibility of taste assessments conducted using a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Patients with GI cancer and controls were asked to rate the acceptability of three oral nutritional supplements on a VAS before starting chemotherapy and after 6 weeks of chemotherapy. Supplements were presented in a random order in sealed containers and subjects were blinded to the type of product. One supplement was repeated at random within each set (four cups) to assess the reproducibility of responses., RESULTS: Sixty patients and 63 controls were included in the study, 47 patients and 47 controls were available for follow-up. Before the start of chemotherapy, patients had a higher mean preference for Calshake (5.9 cm) than Ensure plus (5.1 cm) and Fortijuce (3.2 cm) (P=0.025 and P<0.001). Calshake was the most preferred supplement in the control group (mean 6.6 cm), with no significant differences in preferences between patients and controls. There were no changes in preference for patients after 6 weeks of chemotherapy. The results for the control group similarly showed no change after 6 weeks. No significant differences were found between scores assigned to the supplement repeated in the random order for any product at either timepoint., DISCUSSION: Patients with GI cancers prefer the taste of fresh milk-based supplements and short-term preferences are not changed by chemotherapy. Preferences are similar between patients with GI cancers and people without cancer. A VAS is a reliable tool to assess taste preference. Further studies are needed to assess the patient compliance over longer periods and the reasons for non-compliance with prescriptions for nutritional supplements.
Effects of yogurt supplementation on the growth of preschool children in Beijing suburbs.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of yogurt supplementation on the growth of preschool children in Beijing suburbs., METHODS: Four hundred and two preschool children (217 males, 185 females), aged 3-5 years, whose height for age and/or weight for age were less than the reference level, were selected as subjects from 7 kindergartens in Beijing Fangshan District. The subjects were divided randomly into control group (CG, 201) and yogurt supplemented group (YG, 201). Each subject in YG was given one serving of yogurt (125 g) for 5 days a week from March to December in 2001, while nothing additional was provided to CG. All subjects kept their usual diet during the study. Anthropometry (body height and weight and upper-arm circumference) and the bone mineral density (BMD) of forearm were measured every 3 months. Disease status and dietary intake were also recorded and assessed., RESULTS: The intake of calcium, zinc, and vitamin B2 in YG was significantly higher than that in CG. The incidence and duration of upper-respiratory infection and diarrhea of children in YG were significantly less than those in CG. The height gain of children in YG was significantly higher than that in CG after yogurt was supplemented for 3, 6, and 9 months (P<0.05) (1.90+/-0.49 cm vs 1.77+/-0.54 cm, 3.83+/-0.57 cm vs 3.64+/-0.66 cm and 5.43+/-0.69 cm vs 5.24+/-0.76 cm, respectively). The weight gain of children in YG was significantly higher than that in CG after yogurt was supplemented for 3, 6, and 9 months (P<0.05) (0.70+/-0.43 kg vs 0.49+/-0.35 kg, 0.98+/-0.62 kg vs 0.80+/-0.60 kg and 1.42+/-0.76 kg vs 1.20+/-0.67 kg, respectively). The BMD of children in YG was significantly higher than that in CG after yogurt was supplemented for 9 months (P<0.05) (0.415+/-0.058 g/cm2 vs 0.400+/-0.065 g/cm2)., CONCLUSION: Yogurt is beneficial to the improvement of calcium, zinc, and vitamin B2 intake, the decreasing of the incidence and duration of upper-respiratory infection and diarrhea, and the promotion of the health and the growth and development of preschool children.
Effect of energy-reduced diets high in dairy products and fiber on weight loss in obese adults.; OBJECTIVE: Studies suggest that high-dairy and high-fiber/low-glycemic index diets may facilitate weight loss, but data are conflicting. The effects on weight loss and body fat of a high-dairy diet and a diet high in dairy and fiber and low in glycemic index were compared with a standard diet., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Ninety obese subjects were recruited into a randomized trial of three diets designed to provide a calorie deficit of 500 calories/d over a 48-week period. The study compared a moderate (not low)-calcium diet with a high-calcium diet., RESULTS: Seventy-two subjects completed the study. Significant weight and fat loss occurred with all three diets. A diet with 1400 mg of calcium did not result in greater weight (11.8 +/- 6.1 kg) or fat (9.0 +/- 6.0 kg) loss than a diet with 800 mg of calcium (10.0 +/- 6.8 and 7.5 +/- 6.6 kg, respectively). A diet with 1400 mg of calcium, increased fiber content, and fewer high-glycemic index foods did not result in greater weight (10.6 +/- 6.8 kg) or fat (8.5 +/- 7.8 kg) loss than the standard diet with 800 mg of calcium. Lipid profile, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, leptin, fasting glucose, and insulin improved significantly, but there were no significant differences between the experimental diets and the control diet., DISCUSSION: We found no evidence that diets higher than 800 mg of calcium in dairy products or higher in fiber and lower in glycemic index enhance weight reduction beyond what is seen with calorie restriction alone.
Local steroid application during nerve-sparing radical retropubic prostatectomy.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect on potency rates after surgery of applying local steroids to the neurovascular bundles (NVBs) of the prostate after bilateral nerve-sparing radical retropubic prostatectomy (BNS-RRP)., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Sixty potent men undergoing BNS-RRP for clinically localized prostate cancer were prospectively randomized equally into two groups. In group 1, 10 mL of betamethasone cream 0.1% was applied locally to both NVBs, and group 2 had only the usual BNS-RRP with no corticoid cream. Complications and potency were evaluated at 3, 6 and 12 months in all patients and compared between the groups., RESULTS: At 12 months, 57% and 60% of patients were potent in group 1 and 2, respectively; the respective mean International Index of Erectile Function (5-item) scores were 14.76 and 15.43 (P = 0.59). Potency rates at 3, 6 and 12 months were not significantly different between the groups, and the continence rates at 12 months were also similar, with 93% and 90% of patients in groups 1 and 2 being continent, respectively. Ten and five patients in groups 1 and 2, respectively, required a blood transfusion (P = 0.23). There were no fistulae, wound dehiscence or rectal perforations. One patient in group 2 presented 4 months after RRP with a bladder neck contracture., CONCLUSIONS: Local application of betamethasone does not improve or expedite the recovery of erectile function after BNS-RRP, but there were no complications associated with its use.
Safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of skin dysplasia in high-risk renal transplant recipients: randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream for cutaneous dysplasia in high-risk renal transplant recipients., DESIGN: A randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled study comparing treated with control skin., SETTING: A specialist organ transplant dermatology clinic., PATIENTS: Twenty-one high-risk patients with skin cancer with comparable areas of clinically atypical skin on dorsal hands or forearms., INTERVENTIONS: Imiquimod or placebo (randomly assigned) applied 3 times a week for 16 weeks to 1 dorsal hand or forearm, with 8 months of follow-up. At week 16, biopsy samples were collected from pre-assigned sites in the treatment and control areas and were examined for dysplasia., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The proportion of patients showing reduced numbers of viral and keratotic lesions and reduced histological severity of dysplasia in the treatment vs control areas at week 16, serum creatinine levels, and tumors developing in the study sites., RESULTS: Fourteen patients receiving imiquimod and 6 receiving placebo completed the study. Seven patients using imiquimod (1 taking placebo) had reduced skin atypia, 7 using imiquimod (none taking placebo) had reduced viral warts, and 5 using imiquimod (1 taking placebo) showed less dysplasia histologically. In 1 year, fewer squamous skin tumors arose in imiquimod-treated skin than in control areas. Renal function was not adversely affected., CONCLUSIONS: Topical 5% imiquimod cream seems to be safe on skin areas up to 60 cm2 in renal transplant recipients. It may be effective in reducing cutaneous dysplasia and the frequency of squamous tumors developing in high-risk patients. Larger studies are required to confirm these results.
Effect of soy protein containing isoflavones on blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Dietary intake of soy protein with isoflavones may be associated with reductions in serum cholesterol., OBJECTIVES: To compare the effects of a water-washed soy protein concentrate with a milk-protein based control on blood lipid levels in hyperlipidemic men and women., METHODS: A randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial including 159 subjects. After a 3-week run-in period during which all subjects consumed a milk protein-based supplement, participants were randomized into one of two groups: a control group (continued milk protein) and an intervention group (soy protein) for a five-week period. Fasting venous blood draws for lipid measurement were obtained at baseline, towards the end of the run-in period and at the end of the intervention. Blood isoflavone concentrations were measured at the end of the study., RESULTS: Blood lipid levels were not significantly different between groups at any point in time; and there were no significant associations between blood isoflavones and lipid levels. Significant decreases in total cholesterol (19 mg/dL), and LDL-cholesterol (11 mg/dL), were observed during the run-in period, with no further decreases in lipids during the intervention period in either group., CONCLUSIONS: These results do not support the hypothesis that water-washed soy protein has an effect on blood lipids. Several hypotheses are discussed, highlighting the selective nature of the effect of soy consumption in the population. The cholesterol-lowering effect during the run-in period may be explained by the "regression to the mean effect" and by other factors related to study participation, mainly nutrient displacement induced by the protein supplement.
Effect of powdered fermented milk with Lactobacillus helveticus on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: Two tripeptides (Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro) that have inhibitory activities for angiotensin I-converting enzyme are produced in milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus. In this study we evaluated the effect and safety of powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension., METHODS: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study was conducted using 40 subjects with high-normal blood pressure (HN group) and 40 subjects with mild hypertension (MH group). Each subject ingested 6 test tablets (12 g) containing powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 daily for 4 weeks (test group) or the same amount of placebo tablets for 4 weeks (placebo group)., RESULTS: During treatment, the decrease in systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in the test group tended to be greater than in the placebo group for both blood pressure groups. At the end of treatment (week 4), a significant decrease in DBP in the HN group was observed (i.e. 5.0 mm Hg (0.1, 9.9; p = 0.04) compared with the placebo group). There was no significant change in SBP (3.2 mm Hg (95% CI -2.6, 8.9; p = 0.27). In the MH group, SBP decreased by 11.2 mm Hg (4.0, 18.4; p = 0.003) and there was a statistically non-significant decrease in DBP of 6.5 mm Hg (-0.1, 13.0; p = 0.055) compared with the placebo group. No marked changes were observed in other indexes, including pulse rate, body weight and blood serum variables, and no adverse effects attributed to the treatment was found in each group., CONCLUSIONS: Daily ingestion of the tablets containing powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 in subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension reduces elevated blood pressure without any adverse effects.
[Risk factors for cholecystolithiasis in obesity and at normal weight].; Obesity is a known risk factor of cholecystolithiasis. The potential causes of increased incidence of cholecystolithiasis in people with obesity (overweight) and in those with normal body mass are considered. The study involved 100 patients with diagnosed cholecystolithiasis hospitalized in one of the randomly selected hospitals in Bialystok and its vicinity. The questionnaire technique was used to evaluate risk factors of cholecystolithiasis. It was found that women, irrespective of body mass, were 2.7 times more often hospitalized due to this ailment than men. Of the patients examined, 71% had overweight or obesity. Women with normal body mass suffered from cholecystolithiasis at the younger age than the obese or overweight ones. The comparison of risk factors of cholecystolithiasis between the obese (overweight) patients and those with normal body mass revealed a significantly more frequent familial incidence of type 2 diabetes and cholecystolithiasis. Patients with cholecystolithiasis, irrespective of body mass, were characterized by low intake of dark bread and wholemeal products, raw fruit and vegetables, and pulses. Obese women with cholecystolithiasis significantly more frequently consumed milk and yoghurt, meat and its products, lard, bacon and sweets than women with normal body mass. Obese men (with overweight) significantly more frequently consumed high-fat foods than the slim ones.
Effects of calcium and dairy on body composition and weight loss in African-American adults.; OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to determine the effects of dairy consumption on adiposity and body composition in obese African Americans., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We performed two randomized trials in obese African-American adults. In the first (weight maintenance), 34 subjects were maintained on a low calcium (500 mg/d)/low dairy (<1 serving/d) or high dairy (1200 mg Ca/d diet including 3 servings of dairy) diet with no change in energy or macronutrient intake for 24 weeks. In the second trial (weight loss), 29 subjects were similarly randomized to the low or high dairy diets and placed on a caloric restriction regimen (-500 kcal/d)., RESULTS: In the first trial, body weight remained stable for both groups throughout the maintenance study. The high dairy diet resulted in decreases in total body fat (2.16 kg, p < 0.01), trunk fat (1.03 kg, p < 0.01), insulin (18.7 pM, p < 0.04), and blood pressure (6.8 mm Hg systolic, p < 0.01; 4.25 mm Hg diastolic, p < 0.01) and an increase in lean mass (1.08 kg, p < 0.04), whereas there were no significant changes in the low dairy group. In the second trial, although both diets produced significant weight and fat loss, weight and fat loss on the high dairy diet were approximately 2-fold higher (p < 0.01), and loss of lean body mass was markedly reduced (p < 0.001) compared with the low dairy diet., DISCUSSION: Substitution of calcium-rich foods in isocaloric diets reduced adiposity and improved metabolic profiles in obese African Americans without energy restriction or weight loss and augmented weight and fat loss secondary to energy restriction.
Influence of auditory modeling on learning a swimming skill.; Auditory modeling has been an effective method of learning a new skill in laboratory settings; however, research examining the effectiveness of auditory modeling in a real world task is limited. Thus, the purpose of this study was to examine the effectiveness of auditory modeling on the learning of a swimming skill, specifically the butterfly stroke. Participants were 37 male college students enrolled in two swimming classes. The classes were randomly assigned as the control group, i.e., the standard swimming curriculum for the butterfly stroke including demonstration, verbal instructions, and practice, and the auditory modeling group, i.e., standard swimming curriculum for the butterfly stroke plus auditory modeling. Quantitative and qualitative analyses indicate that auditory modeling is an effective method for enhancing the learning of this real world motor skill.
Acidic oligosaccharides from pectin hydrolysate as new component for infant formulae: effect on intestinal flora, stool characteristics, and pH.; OBJECTIVES: To come even closer to the functional composition of human milk, acidic oligosaccharides (AOS) from pectin were added to well known neutral prebiotics (galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS) and long-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (FOS)). The effect of AOS and GOS/FOS/AOS on intestinal flora, stool characteristics as well as acceptance and tolerance was investigated., METHODS: Human milk contains 75% to 85% neutral and 15% to 25% acidic oligosaccharides. In this prospective, randomized, double blind study, a mixture of 80% neutral oligosaccharides (from long-chain galacto- and long-chain fructo-oligosaccharides) with 20% acidic oligosaccharides derived from pectin hydrolysis was investigated. Forty-six term infants were fed a standard formula supplemented with either maltodextrin as control (n=15), or with 0.2 g acidic oligosaccharides (n=16), or with the latter plus 0.6 g neutral oligosaccharides (mixture of galacto- and fructo-oligosaccharides; n=15). Fecal flora using plating technique and pH were measured. Stool characteristics and possible side effects (crying, vomiting, and regurgitation) were recorded., RESULTS: There was no difference in the bifidobacteria counts between the control and the group supplemented with acidic oligosaccharides alone (8.75+/-0.50 vs. 8.58+/-0.94 log colony forming units [CFU]/g stool). In infants fed the combination of acidic and neutral oligosaccharides, bifidobacteria were increased (9.61+/-0.70 log CFU/g stool; P<0.01). The same pattern was observed with lactobacilli. Stool consistency was softest in infants fed the complete oligosaccharide mixture, but also in those fed formula supplemented with acidic oligosaccharides alone, the stool consistency was significantly softer compared with the control group. Fecal pH increased in the controls, remained constant in acidic oligosaccharides alone, and decreased in the complete mixture of oligosaccharides group., CONCLUSION: There was no difference in growth, crying, vomiting, and regurgitation patterns between the groups. In summary, acidic oligosaccharides from pectin hydrolysate are well tolerated as ingredient in infant formulae but do not affect intestinal microecology.
Tolerability of prostate transrectal biopsies using gel and local anesthetics: results of a randomized clinical trial.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the role of intrarectal EMLA, a new topical anesthetic cream, and lidocaine gel as local anesthesia during transrectal prostate biopsy and to observe whether gel temperature can improve pain control., PATIENTS AND METHODS: A series of 210 consecutive patients were randomized. Group 1 (N = 60) underwent intrarectal instillation of EMLA cream, group 2 (N = 50) 2.5% lidocaine gel, group 3 (N = 40) placebo, and group 4 (N = 60) no treatment. Patients in groups 2 and 3 were subdivided into subgroups according to instillation of warm or cooled gel. Pain control was assessed by a 10-point visual analog scale., RESULTS: The median pain scores were 2.6 in group 1, 3.8 in group 2, 3.9 in group 3, and 3.6 in group 4. In 16 patients (7.6%), the procedure was suspended because of pain: none group 1, 6.0% in group 2, 10% in group 3, and 15% ing group 4. The temperature of the lidocaine gel did not affect tolerability., CONCLUSION: Intrarectal instillation of EMLA cream is a simple, safe, and effective method of local anesthesia during transrectal prostate biopsy, superior to lidocaine gel, placebo, and no treatment.
Nutritional intervention study with argan oil in man: effects on lipids and apolipoproteins.; AIM: To evaluate whether the consumption of virgin argan oil (VAO) is associated with a change in serum lipids and reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease in healthy Moroccans., METHODS: Sixty volunteers consumed butter (25 g/day) during 2 weeks (stabilization period) and were randomly divided into two groups: the treatment group received 25 g/day of VAO during 3 weeks (intervention period), and the control group received 25 g/day of extra virgin olive oil (EVO). Throughout the study, weight, blood pressure, and daily food intake were measured. Serum total cholesterol and low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoproteins A-I and B were measured at the end of each diet period., RESULTS: Analysis of food intake showed that the daily diet is isocaloric for the butter regimen (2,537 +/- 244 kcal/day) as well as for the VAO and EVO regimens (2,561+/- 246 and 2,560 +/- 253 kcal/day, respectively). Analysis of the lipid intake showed a reduction in saturated fatty acids with VAO and EVO regimens (27 +/- 1.4 and 26.4 +/- 3.4%, respectively) as compared with the stabilization period (41.6 +/- 2.4%). The analysis of serum lipids showed a significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I in both VAO group (8.4%, p = 0.012, and 5.2%, p = 0.027, respectively) and EVO group (17.3%, p = 0.001, and 5.9%, p = 0.036, respectively). However, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B (13.8%, p = 0.037, and 7.8%, p = 0.039, respectively) decreased significantly only in EVO group as compared with the stabilization period, while triglycerides decreased significantly by 17.5% (p = 0.039) only in VAO group., CONCLUSION: These results confirm the cholesterol-lowering effect of EVO and show for the first time the triglyceride-lowering effect of VAO in men. Copyright 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel
Local anesthesia in transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy: EMLA cream as a new alternative technique.; OBJECTIVES: The aims of the present study were to evaluate the efficacy of eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA) cream in transrectal-guided prostate biopsy and to compare its effect with that of other injectable anesthetic procedures., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Eighty male patients with prostate-specific antigen (PSA) levels > 4 ng/ml or who had prostate nodules on digital rectal examination were randomly divided into four groups. In Group 1 (controls), prostate biopsy was performed after application of a placebo cream. In Group 2, local surface anesthesia with EMLA cream was performed 15 min before biopsy. Periprosthetic nerve blockade was performed with 1% prilocaine and 1% lidocaine in Groups 3 and 4, respectively. Pain was evaluated using a visual analog scale (VAS) after each core biopsy. In addition, blood pressure, heart rate and oxygen saturations were recorded after each biopsy and then at 5-min intervals for 15 min., RESULTS: Average VAS scores in Groups 1-4 were 5.5, 2.9, 2.4 and 2.2, respectively. There was a statistically significant difference in VAS scores between the treatment groups and the placebo group (p = 0.000). There were no statistically significant differences in VAS scores between the three treatment groups (p2-3 = 0.126, p2-4 = 0.303, p3-4 = 0.537). We detected no statistically significant differences between the groups based on the hemodynamic data (pMAP = 0.899). Moreover, these measurements did not show statistically significant changes with time in any of the groups (p > 0. 05)., CONCLUSION: Intrarectal application of EMLA cream provides equal anesthesia to periprostatic nerve blockade with prilocaine and lidocaine.
Dairy fat in cheese raises LDL cholesterol less than that in butter in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether dairy fat in cheese raises low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol as much as in butter, since epidemiology suggests a different impact on cardiovascular disease., DESIGN: A randomised crossover trial testing the daily consumption of 40 g dairy fat as butter or as matured cheddar cheese, each of 4 weeks duration, was preceded by and separated by 2-week periods when dietary fat was less saturated., SETTING: Free-living volunteers., SUBJECTS: A total of 14 men and five women of mean age 56+/-8 y, with mean total cholesterol of 5.6+/-0.8 mmol/l., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), triacylglycerol and glucose., RESULTS: Saturated fat intake was significantly lower during the run-in than during the cheese and butter periods. Mean lipid values did not differ significantly between the cheese and run-in periods, but total cholesterol and LDL-C were significantly higher with butter: total cholesterol (mmol/l): butter 6.1+/-0.7; run-in 5.6+/-0.8 (P < 0.05; ANOVA with Bonferroni adjustment); vs cheese 5.8+/-0.6 (P > 0.05); median LDL-C (mmol/l): butter 3.9 (3.5-4.1) vs run-in 3.4 (3.0-4.1) (P < 0.05; Tukey test); vs cheese 3.7 (3.3-3.9) (P > 0.05). Among 13 subjects whose initial LDL-C was >4 mmol/l, the difference between butter (4.4+/-0.3 mmol/l) and cheese (3.9+/-0.3 mmol/l) was significant (P = 0.014). HDL-C was highest with butter and triacylglycerol with cheese (neither was significant)., CONCLUSION: A total of 40 g dairy fat eaten daily for 4 weeks as butter, but not as cheese, raised total and LDL cholesterol significantly compared with a diet containing significantly less saturated fat. Dietary advice regarding cheese consumption may require modification.
Maternal fish oil supplementation in lactation and growth during the first 2.5 years of life.; Fish oil addition to infant formulas has raised concern on whether increased intake of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3LCPUFA) affects infant growth. The objective of this study was to determine whether maternal fish oil supplementation during 0-4 mo of lactation influences growth in infancy and early childhood. In a randomized, blinded intervention trial, lactating Danish mothers with a fish intake below the population median were randomized to 4.5 g/d fish oil or olive oil. A reference group of 53 mothers with a fish intake in the highest quartile of the population and their infants were included in the study. Head circumference, weight, length, skinfold thickness, and waist circumference of children were measured at 2, 4, and 9 mo and at 2.5 y. One hundred children completed the intervention trial, and 72 were followed up at 2.5 y together with 29 from the reference group. Growth in weight, length, and head circumference did not differ between the randomized groups up to 9 mo, but at 2.5 y, body composition differed significantly. Children in the fish oil group had larger waist circumference body mass index (BMI; 0.6 kg/m(2); p = 0.022), and head circumference compared with those in the olive oil group. Adjusted for sex, ponderal index at birth and current energy intake, BMI at 2.5 y was associated with docosahexaenoic acid in maternal erythrocytes after the intervention. In conclusion, the n-3LCPUFA intake of lactating mothers may be important for growth of young children. The long-term effect on weight and BMI remains to be investigated.
A phase Ib clinical trial of PV701, a milk-derived protein extract, for the prevention and treatment of oral mucositis in patients undergoing high-dose BEAM chemotherapy.; Despite the best available agents to prevent mucositis, most patients receiving high-dose chemoradiotherapy regimens experience severe mucositis, and new therapies are needed. In this study, we evaluated the safety and tolerability of a milk-derived growth factor extract (PV701 mouthwash) intended to prevent oral mucositis (OM) after carmustine, etoposide, cytosine arabinoside, and melphalan (BEAM) chemotherapy. PV701 mouthwash (15 mL x 13.5 mg/mL) was administered 6 times a day for 12 days, from day--6 to day +5, to patients with lymphoma, who were given BEAM on day--6 to day--2, with autologous stem cells infused on day 0. Dose de-escalation of PV701 was planned if dose-limiting toxicities occurred. The severity and duration of OM, the duration of enteral/parenteral feeding, the requirement for intravenous opiates, and admission to intensive care were recorded. Outcomes were also compared with those of historical control patients. Nine patients received PV701 13.5 mg/mL. PV701 was well tolerated, and no dose-limiting toxicities were observed. Compared with 89 historical controls, the 9 PV701-treated patients had significantly less frequent grade 2 or 3 OM ( P=.0006) and had grade>or=3 OM for an estimated 5 fewer days ( P=.0003). There was a reduction in the need for enteral/parenteral feeding ( P=.012), its duration ( P=.010), and its frequency ( P=.022) and in the duration of intravenous opiates ( P=.0006). We conclude that PV701 mouthwash is readily administered with minimal side effects at a dose of 1215 mg/d, and further investigation of this agent is warranted.
Weight loss and lipid changes with low-energy diets: comparator study of milk-based versus soy-based liquid meal replacement interventions.; OBJECTIVES: Soy protein intake has favorable effects on body weight and fat distribution in experimental animals but these effects have not been demonstrated in humans. To compare effects of soy- vs. milk-based meal replacements (MR) we assessed weight loss and serum lipoproteins changes for obese subjects who consumed low-energy diets (LED) including either milk-based or soy-based MR., METHODS: Overweight or obese women and men (body mass indices 27-40 kg/m(2)) were randomly assigned to LED providing 1200 kcal/day, with consumption of five soy-based or two milk-based liquid MR for a 12-week weight loss trial. Serum lipoprotein measurements were obtained at baseline, 6 and 12 weeks., RESULTS: For soy and milk MR groups, subject numbers were, respectively, 51 and 39 randomized and 30 and 22 completers. MR use averaged: soy, 3.7/day; and milk, 1.9/day. Weight losses for completers at 12 weeks were: soy MR, 9.0% of initial body weight (95% confidence intervals, 7.3-10.6%); and milk MR, 7.9% (5.8-8.8%) with no significant differences. Reductions from baseline in serum cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol values, respectively, at six weeks were significantly greater (P < 0.015) with soy MR (15.2% and 17.4%) than with milk MR (7.9% and 7.7%). Soy MR use was associated with significant reductions in serum triglycerides at 6 and 12 weeks while milk MR use was not., CONCLUSIONS: Soy MR use, as part of a low-energy diet, was associated with slightly but not significantly greater weight loss over a 12-week period than milk MR use. These observations confirm previous studies documenting the effectiveness of MR use for weight loss.
Daily supplementation with (n-3) PUFAs, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins B-6 and E increases pain-free walking distance and improves risk factors in men with peripheral vascular disease.; A number of nutrients are known to be effective in preventing cardiovascular disease (CVD). We investigated the possible effects of a daily intake of low amounts of these nutrients on risk factors and clinical parameters in patients with peripheral vascular disease and intermittent claudication (PVD-IC). Male PVD-IC patients (n = 60) were randomly allocated into 2 groups. The supplement (S) group consumed 500 mL/d of a fortified dairy product containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins A, B-6, D, and E. The control (C) group consumed 500 mL/d of semiskimmed milk with added vitamins A and D. The patients received lifestyle and dietary recommendations, and they were instructed to consume the products in addition to their regular diet. Blood extractions and clinical explorations were performed after 0, 3, 6, 9, and 12 mo. Plasma concentrations of EPA, DHA, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins B-6 and E increased after treatment with supplements (P < 0.05). Plasma total cholesterol and ApoB concentrations decreased in the S group, and total homocysteine decreased in those patients with high initial concentrations. Walking distance before the onset of claudication increased in the S group (P < 0.001), and ankle-brachial pressure index values increased (P < 0.05). The inclusion in the everyday diet of certain nutrients known to promote cardiovascular health improved clinical outcomes while reducing a variety of risk factors in men with PVD-IC, providing new evidence of the potential role of nutrition in the reduction of PVD-IC symptoms.
Children's adaptations to a fat-reduced diet: the Dietary Intervention Study in Children (DISC).; BACKGROUND: Prevention of cardiovascular disease through diet and lifestyle change is strongly advocated in adults and is initiated preferably during childhood. The Dietary Intervention Study in Children (DISC) was a multicenter, collaborative, randomized trial in 663 preadolescent children (363 boys and 301 girls) with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, designed to test the efficacy and safety of a dietary intervention to lower saturated-fat and cholesterol intake while also advocating a healthy eating pattern. DISC results have been published extensively. This ancillary study reports new data regarding changes in eating patterns among this cohort., OBJECTIVE: We set out to compare children's self-selected eating patterns and approaches to achieving adherence to the DISC fat-reduced diet intervention with children in the usual-care group., METHODS: An ancillary study was conducted to develop a detailed food-grouping system and report new analyses on dietary adherence to the recommended eating pattern. Every food in the nutrient database was ranked by its saturated-fat and cholesterol content and classified within its relevant food group as a "go" (less atherogenic) or "whoa" (more atherogenic) food., RESULTS: At baseline, go foods contributed approximately 57% of total energy intake and 12.4% to 13.1% total fat energy intake in both groups. At 3 years, go foods contributed 67.4% and 13.7% of total and fat energy intake, respectively, in the intervention group versus 56.8% and 12.8% in the usual-care group. Differences between the 2 treatment groups were significant for changes in consumption of dairy foods, desserts, and fats/oils, with the intervention group reporting a 0.2- to 0.3-serving-per-day greater increase in go foods than the usual-care group. The intervention group also reported a 0.2- to 0.8-serving-per-day greater decrease in whoa foods than the usual-care group for breads/grains, dairy, fats/oils, meat/fish/poultry, snacks, and vegetables. Overall, snack foods, desserts, and pizza contributed approximately one third of total daily energy intake in both groups at 3 years., CONCLUSIONS: Children in the intervention group reported consuming more servings per day of go grains, dairy, meats, and vegetable foods compared with children in the usual-care group, but intake of fruits and vegetables was low in both groups. Discovering that snacks, desserts, and pizza actively contribute so heavily to the diets of this age group, even among children who were part of this intervention, offers valuable insights regarding the need for more aggressive, innovative, and realistic approaches for additional dietary counseling.
Effects of early cholesterol intake on cholesterol biosynthesis and plasma lipids among infants until 18 months of age.; BACKGROUND: The endogenous cholesterol fractional synthesis rate (FSR) is related inversely to infant dietary cholesterol at 4 months of age; however, it remains to be established whether this effect is permanent, possibly contributing to later hypercholesterolemia., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether levels of dietary cholesterol in infancy induced changes in FSR and plasma lipid levels that persisted at 18 months., METHODS: A prospective clinical trial was conducted with 47 infants, from their first week of life until 18 months of age, who received human milk (HM) until weaned (n = 15) or were randomized to receive modified cow's milk formula (MCF) with added cholesterol (n = 15) or cow's milk formula (CF) (n = 17) for 12 months. Cholesterol contents of HM, MCF, and CF were 120, 80, and 40 mg/L, respectively. FSR and plasma lipid levels were measured at 4 and 18 months., RESULTS: At 4 months, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were higher for infants fed HM and MCF, compared with CF. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were higher in the MCF group than in the HM and CF groups. FSR in the HM group (0.034 +/- 0.005 pools per day) was lower than that in the CF group (0.052 +/- 0.005 pools per day). There was no difference between the HM and MCF (0.047 +/- 0.005 pools per day) groups or between the MCF and CF groups. At 18 months, there were no differences in FSRs or plasma lipid profiles between the groups., CONCLUSION: Although cholesterol intake before weaning affects FSRs and plasma lipid profiles at 4 months, these differences do not persist after weaning to an unrestricted diet at 18 months. This provides additional evidence that there is no imprinting of FSR in infancy with differing dietary levels of cholesterol.
Acute coffee ingestion does not affect LDL cholesterol level.; BACKGROUND: Although patients are instructed to abstain from food before having blood drawn for lipid analysis, many still drink coffee in the morning. It is unknown whether coffee consumed prior to drawing blood samples will impact fasting serum lipids., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a single 6-oz cup of coffee with or without the addition of nondairy creamer and sugar will significantly affect fasting plasma lipid profiles., METHODS: This was a prospective, open-label, randomized crossover study. At the first of 2 visits, blood was drawn to measure initial fasting lipid panels, and participants were randomized to drink 6 oz of black coffee or coffee with nondairy creamer and sugar. Within 30-60 minutes of coffee consumption, blood was drawn for follow-up lipid panels. The procedure was repeated at the second visit, except the participants were crossed over to receive the alternate coffee preparation., RESULTS: Forty participants (26 men; age [mean +/- SD] 45 +/- 15 y) were enrolled. Total cholesterol (TC) increased from 188.2 +/- 38.1 to 191.3 +/- 39.9 mg/dL (p = 0.019) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) increased from 43.2 +/- 12.3 to 44.8 +/- 12.9 mg/dL (p < 0.001) after consumption of black coffee. Triglycerides decreased from 145.6 +/- 123.7 to 136.3 +/- 107.1 mg/dL (p = 0.014) after consumption of coffee with nondairy creamer and sugar. Changes in other lipid parameters, such as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in either group, were not statistically significant., CONCLUSIONS: A single cup of coffee consumed within one hour before drawing blood resulted in statistically, but not clinically, significant differences in TC and HDL-C (black coffee) and triglycerides (coffee with creamer and sugar).
Avoiding milk is associated with a reduced risk of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome: findings from the British Women's Heart and Health Study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of milk consumption with insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome., METHODS: The association was examined in 4024 British women aged 60-79 who were randomly selected from primary care centres in 23 towns., RESULTS: Women who never drank milk had lower homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA) scores, triglyceride concentrations and body mass indices, and higher high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentrations, than those who drank milk. The age-adjusted odds ratio for the metabolic syndrome comparing non-milk drinkers with drinkers was 0.55 (0.33, 0.94), which did not attenuate with adjustment for potential confounders. Diabetes was less common in non-milk drinkers., CONCLUSION: Individuals who do not drink milk may be protected against insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. However, randomized controlled trials are required to establish whether milk avoidance is causally associated with these outcomes.
Photodynamic therapy of human undifferentiated thyroid carcinoma-bearing nude mice using topical 5-aminolevulinic acid.; OBJECTIVE: We determined and evaluated the effect of photodynamic therapy (PDT) using topical 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA) cream in treating human undifferentiated thyroid carcinoma (UTC)-bearing nude mice., BACKGROUND DATA: UTC constitutes almost 10% of thyroid cancers and shows a very poor response to chemotherapy. Today PDT with topical ALA is successfully used for the treatment of a variety of neoplastic and non-neoplastic diseases., MATERIALS AND METHODS: UTC tumor was implanted in the right flank of the nude mice after anesthesia. When the actual tumor size reached about 345 mm3, all mice were divided randomly into a treatment group (n = 10) and a control group (n = 10). ALA cream was applied to tumors in treated mice and left on for 6 has a retention interval; then the tumors were irradiated by a 633-nm diode laser with an incident dose of 60 J/cm2. The tumor volumes were measured 7, 14, and 21 days after PDT in both groups. The percentage of tumor growth delay after PDT was calculated. All mice were sacrificed and the tumor weights were determined 21 days after PDT., RESULTS: Mean tumor volumes on 21 days after PDT were 1141.19 +/- 153.74 mm3 in the treated group and 2370.75 +/- 300.42 mm3 in the control group. The percentage of tumor growth delay was -48.13 +/- 13.76 7 days after PDT, -54.9 +/- 8.83 14 days after PDT, and -51.11 +/- 8.95 21 days after PDT. Mean tumor weights 21 days after PDT were 1.78 +/- 0.32 g in the treated group and 3.60 +/- 0.60 g in the control group. There were significant differences (p < 0.001) in mean tumor volume and weight between the treated and control groups after PDT., CONCLUSIONS: PDT is effective in delaying the growth of UTC-bearing nude mice using topical ALA cream and laser light with inappropriate parameters. ALA cream as a topically applied photosensitizer was effective, safe, and convenient in PDT.
The case for dietary calcium restriction in patients with atherosclerosis.; An increasingly vast set of data is linking the process of vascular calcification to the metabolism of calcium and phosphorus. This phenomenon is already relatively well understood in renal failure patients. A similar phenomenon, however, could be taking place in the general population. This may indicate a need for a reassessment of calcium supplementation, including the ingestion of milk, not only in dialysis patients, but also in patients with preserved renal function. Given the fact that no clear prospective randomized evidence exists to show what may be the impact on prognosis of patients with atherosclerosis, caused by the ingestion of milk and milk derivatives, containing calcium and lactose, as is currently recommended to prevent bone disease in the general population, a case could be made to recommend restriction of such dietary products in atherosclerosis patients, until precise data have been obtained, in controlled, prospective studies, and especially so in patients with no evidence of osteoporosis. Such a case would not be a strong one at the present stage, but neither would be the opposite view. The recommendation that could be made at this stage would be that patients with significant atherosclerotic disease should be informed that the ingestion of milk, and calcium supplementation in general, has neither been conclusively proven to be safe, nor the opposite.
Clobetasol propionate 0.05% lotion in the treatment of moderate to severe atopic dermatitis: a randomized evaluation versus clobetasol propionate emollient cream.; Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronic inflammatory and pruritic skin disorder marked by alternating periods of relapse and remission. This multicenter, randomized, active- and vehicle-controlled, investigator-blinded study compared the efficacy and safety of clobetasol propionate lotion to clobetasol propionate cream formulation and lotion vehicle in the treatment of moderate to severe AD. A total of 229 subjects applied treatment twice-daily for 2 weeks. Clobetasol propionate lotion was significantly more effective than its lotion vehicle at 2 weeks and comparable to the cream formulation. Clinical success after a 2-week, treatment-free follow-up period was greater in the clobetasol propionate lotion group than in the cream group. Clobetasol propionate lotion is effective, safe, well tolerated and offers a better remission profile in the treatment of moderate to severe AD as compared to clobetasol propionate emollient cream.
Prenatal and postnatal milk supplementation and adult insulin-like growth factor I: long-term follow-up of a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: Insulin-like growth factors (IGF) are increasingly recognized as important determinants of adult health, in particular risk of certain cancers. However, little is known about the determinants of adult IGFs and to what degree they may be programmed by early life influences., DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial of prenatal and postnatal milk supplementation among 951 subjects born in 1972 to 1974 in South Wales., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Measures of IGF-I, IGF binding protein 3, and the molar ratio., RESULTS: Data on adult IGFs were available from 663 subjects at a mean age of 25 years. Subjects in the intervention arm had lower IGF-I (-8.5 ng/mL; 95% confidence interval, -15.1 to -1.8, P = 0.01) and ratio (-1.20; 95% confidence interval, -2.33 to -0.04, P = 0.04). These differences could not be explained by follow-up bias or confounding factors., CONCLUSIONS: These results provide experimental data on the role of early life programming either in the intrauterine or postnatal period that may have long-term influences on the IGF axis, with potential implications for disease risk.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: results from a randomized vehicle-controlled phase III study in Europe.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that acts through toll-like receptor 7 to induce cytokine production and a subsequent innate and adaptive cell-mediated immune response. Clinical studies have demonstrated clinical and histological clearance of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the safety and clinical efficacy of imiquimod (Aldaratrade mark; 3M Pharmaceuticals, St Paul, MN, U.S.A.) 5% cream for the treatment of sBCC in a multicentre, randomized, parallel, vehicle-controlled, double-blind, phase III clinical study conducted at 26 centres in Europe., METHODS: Subjects who had at least one histologically confirmed sBCC tumour were randomized to apply imiquimod or vehicle cream to the target tumour once daily, seven times per week (7 x/week) for 6 weeks. The target tumour location was identified with an indelible ink mark before treatment initiation. The treated tumour site was clinically assessed for treatment response at 12 weeks post-treatment and was then excised for histological evaluation. Efficacy assessments included the composite response rates (proportion of subjects with clinical and histological clearance) and response rates solely based on histology (proportion of subjects with histological clearance). Safety assessments, which included adverse events and scoring of local skin reactions (LSRs), were carried out throughout the study., RESULTS: In total, 166 subjects were enrolled in this study. For the intent-to-treat dataset, there was a statistically significant difference between imiquimod and vehicle groups for both composite clearance rates (clinical and histological assessments) and histological clearance rates. Composite clearance was demonstrated in 77% and 6% of subjects treated with imiquimod and vehicle cream, respectively. Histological clearance was demonstrated in 80% and 6% of subjects treated with imiquimod and vehicle cream, respectively. The most frequently reported safety findings were investigator-assessed LSRs and spontaneous reports by subjects of application site reactions, which occurred more frequently in the imiquimod group than in the vehicle group., CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod 5% cream administered 7 x/week for 6 weeks is a safe and effective treatment for sBCC when compared with vehicle cream.
Lipid response to a low-fat diet with or without soy is modified by C-reactive protein status in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults.; Recent evidence suggests that individuals with high concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), a marker of inflammation, are less responsive to cholesterol-lowering diets. CRP concentrations are increased by oral estrogen; however, the effect of soy phytoestrogens on inflammation has not been studied comprehensively, especially in women receiving hormone replacement therapy (HRT). This study was conducted to determine whether adding soy to a low-fat, high-fiber diet affects CRP and interleukin (IL)-6, and to examine the association between CRP levels and lipid response in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults (men = 18, postmenopausal women = 14; 6 receiving HRT). After a 3-wk run-in period with consumption of a Step I diet (27% total fat, 7% saturated fat, 275 mg cholesterol), participants were randomly assigned to diets containing 25 g/d soy protein (+ 90 mg/d isoflavones) or 25 g/d milk protein for 6 wk in a crossover design. Lipids and lipoproteins, CRP, and IL-6 were measured at the end of each diet and participants were categorized into high (>3.5 mg/L) or low CRP groups based on a median split. The addition of soy or milk protein to the Step I diet did not affect lipids or inflammatory markers. Regardless of protein source, those with low CRP exhibited significant decreases in LDL cholesterol (-3.5%) and the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio (-4.8%), whereas those with high CRP had significant increases in LDL cholesterol (+4.8%), the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio (+5.2%), apolipoprotein B (+3.8%), and lipoprotein(a) (+13.5%) compared with the run-in diet. These results suggest that inflammation may not only attenuate lipid responses, but also aggravate dyslipidemia in hypercholesterolemic subjects consuming a cholesterol-lowering diet.
Test-retest of self-reported exposure to artificial tanning devices, self-tanning creams, and sun sensitivity showed consistency.; OBJECTIVE: Exposure to ultraviolet radiation has consistently been linked to an increased risk of melanoma. Epidemiologic studies are susceptible to measurement error, which can distort the magnitude of observed effects. Although the reliability of self-report of many sun exposure factors has been previously described in several studies, self-report of use of artificial tanning devices and self-tanning creams has been less well characterized., STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: A mailed survey was re-administered 2-4 weeks after completion of the initial survey to 76 randomly selected participants in a case-control study of melanoma. Cases and controls were individuals diagnosed in 1999 and 2000 who were ascertained from the Iowa Cancer Registry in 2002. We assessed the consistency of self-reported use of sunlamps and self-tanning creams, sun sensitivity, and history of sunburns., RESULTS: There was substantial reliability in reporting the use of sunlamps or self-tanning creams (cases: Kappa (kappa)=1.0 for both exposures; controls: kappa=0.71 and 0.87, respectively). kappa estimates of 0.62-0.78 were found for overall reliability of several sun sensitivity factors., CONCLUSION: Overall, the survey instrument demonstrated substantial reproducibility for factors related to the use of sunlamps or tanning beds, self-tanning creams, and sun sensitivity factors.
Higher urinary excretion of essential amino acids in preterm infants fed protein hydrolysates.; AIM: Protein hydrolysates have been introduced in preterm formulae, but it is not clear whether they are needed for the feeding of preterm infants. We designed a randomized, controlled trial to test the effects of a preterm formula with hydrolysed cow's milk proteins on short-term growth and urinary and plasma amino acids levels., METHODS: Infants with a birthweight < or = 1750 g and gestational age < or = 34 wk fed a conventional preterm infant formula (formula B) or a hydrolysed formula (formula A). Weight was measured daily; length, head circumference, mid-arm circumference and total skinfold thickness were measured weekly. Blood and urine were analysed for amino acid concentrations at start, 14 and 28 d., RESULTS: Twenty-one infants met the criteria for randomization. The daily feeding volumes were: formula A 172.8 +/- 5.6 vs formula B 170.1 +/- 2.8 ml/kg/d. Infants fed with formula A showed slower weight gain (17.4 +/- 3.4 vs 20.5 +/- 3.3 g/kg/d; p = 0.045) and lower mean change in Z-scores for weight (-0.18 +/- 0.16 vs 0.00 +/- 0.09; p = 0.009) and for head circumference (-0.06 +/- 0.13 vs 0.06 +/- 0.13; p = 0.049). After 14 d, infants receiving formula A had statistically significant higher urinary levels of essential amino acids compared to infants receiving formula B., CONCLUSION: Our results support the hypothesis of less nutritional value of hydrolysed versus conventional preterm formulae. Higher renal excretion of essential amino acids may be one of the mechanisms involved. These findings must be confirmed by further studies with larger sample sizes and protein hydrolysates with different degrees of hydrolysis.
Lactase treated feeds to promote growth and feeding tolerance in preterm infants.; BACKGROUND: Successful transition from parenteral nutrition to full enteral feedings during the immediate neonatal period is associated with improved growth in preterm infants. Lactase is the last of the major intestinal disaccharidases to develop in preterm infants. Because of inadequate lactase activity, preterm infants are unable to digest lactose. Lactase preparations could potentially be used to hydrolyze lactose in formulas and breast milk to minimize lactose malabsorption in preterm infants., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effectiveness and safety of the addition of lactase to milk compared to placebo or no intervention for the promotion of growth and feeding tolerance in preterm infants., PRIMARY OUTCOMES: Weight gain expressed as g/kg/day, growth expressed as weight, length and head circumference percentile for gestational age, assessed at birth and at 40 weeks post-menstrual age, days to achieve full enteral feeds., SECONDARY OUTCOMES: Several common outcomes associated with preterm birth, and adverse effects., SEARCH STRATEGY: Electronic and manual searches were conducted in January 2005 of Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library, Issue 4, 2004), MEDLINE (1966-Jan 2005), EMBASE (1980-Jan 2005) and CINAHL (1982-Jan 2005), personal files, bibliographies of identified trials and abstracts by the Pediatric Academic Societies' and the European Society of Pediatric Research Meetings published in Pediatric Research., SELECTION CRITERIA: Types of studies: Randomized or quasi-randomized controlled trials., PARTICIPANTS: Preterm infants < 37 weeks gestational age., INTERVENTION: Addition of lactase to milk versus placebo or no intervention., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: The standard methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group were followed independently by the reviewers to assess study quality and report outcomes. Treatment effects, calculated using RevMan 4.2, included relative risk (RR), risk difference (RD) and mean difference (MD), all with 95% confidence intervals (CI). A fixed effect model was used for meta-analyses. Heterogeneity tests were not performed as only one study was identified., MAIN RESULTS: One study enrolling 130 infants of 26 - 34 weeks postconceptual age (mean postnatal age at entry 11 days) was identified and no identified study was excluded. The study was a double blind randomized controlled trial of high quality. Lactase treated feeds were initiated when enteral feedings provided > 75% of daily intake. None of the primary outcomes outlined in the protocol for this review and only one of the secondary outcomes, necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), were reported on. The RR for NEC was 0.32 (95% CI 0.32 (0.01, 7.79); the RD was -0.02 (95% CI -0.06, 0.03) (a reduction which was not statistically significant). There was a statistically significant increase in weight gain at study day 10 in the lactase treated feeds group but not at any other time points. Overall, there ws not a statistically significant effect on weight gain. No adverse effects were noted., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: The only randomized trial to date provides no evidence of significant benefit to preterm infants from adding lactase to their feeds. Further research regarding effectiveness and safety are required before practice recommendations can be made. Randomized controlled trials comparing lactase vs placebo treated feeds and enrolling infants when enteral feeds are introduced are recommended. The primary and secondary outcomes for effectiveness and safety should include those identified in this review.
A double-blind placebo-controlled study of the effects of Lactobacillus acidophilus on plasma lipids.; OBJECTIVE: To select a probiotic bacteria that would reduce serum lipids in hypercholesterolaemic volunteers., DESIGN: A strain of lactobacillus was selected for its ability to metabolise cholesterol under varying conditions in vitro. Freeze-dried Lactobacillus acidophilus or placebo were then given in a double-blind randomised crossover study to volunteers with high cholesterols., SUBJECTS: A total of 80 volunteers with elevated cholesterols., INTERVENTIONS: Volunteers were randomly allocated to receive either two capsules containing freeze-dried L. acidophilus 3 x 10(10) CFU or placebo three times a day for 6 weeks. After a 6-week washout period, volunteers were crossed over to another 6 weeks of capsules. Serum lipids were measured at the beginning and end of each interventional period., RESULTS: L. acidophilus was able to reduce cholesterol and survive in an acid and bile environment. No changes in anthropomorphic measurements or in dietary records were seen between the baseline and final records or between the two sets of baseline records. There were no changes in serum lipids seen throughout the study., CONCLUSION: Despite the ability in vitro for L. acidophilus to reduce cholesterol, no effect was seen in volunteers.
Dosing with 5% imiquimod cream 3 times per week for the treatment of actinic keratosis: results of two phase 3, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, vehicle-controlled trials.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of 5% imiquimod cream compared with vehicle in the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK)., DESIGN: Two phase 3 randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, vehicle-controlled studies., SETTING: Twenty-six ambulatory care offices, including dermatologists in private practice or research centers., PATIENTS: Four hundred ninety-two patients, 18 years and older, with 4 to 8 AK lesions in a 25-cm(2) treatment area on the face or the balding scalp were randomized; an additional 162 patients underwent screening but were ineligible., INTERVENTIONS: Patients applied 5% imiquimod (Aldara) or vehicle cream to the treatment area once daily, 3 times per week, for 16 weeks, followed by an 8-week posttreatment period., MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Complete clearance rate (proportion of patients at the 8-week posttreatment visit with no clinically visible AK lesions in the treatment area), partial clearance rate (proportion of patients at the 8-week posttreatment visit with a >/=75% reduction in the number of baseline AK lesions in the treatment area), and frequency and severity of adverse events and local skin reactions were measured., RESULTS: Complete and partial clearance rates for imiquimod-treated patients (48.3% and 64.0%, respectively) were clinically and statistically significantly higher than for vehicle-treated patients (7.2% and 13.6%, respectively). The median percentage reduction of baseline lesions was 86.6% for the imiquimod-treated group and 14.3% for the vehicle-treated group., CONCLUSION: The 5% imiquimod cream dosed 3 times weekly for 16 weeks is safe and effective for the treatment of AK.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of bovine serum immunoglobulin in participants with mild hypercholesterolemia.; BACKGROUND: The consumption of milk products has been shown to lower cholesterol. The mechanism of action surrounding this observation has been attributed to the protein fraction of milk and serum., OBJECTIVE: We examined the effect of an oral serum bovine immunoglobulin protein fraction (bIg) derived from US Department of Agriculture-approved beef (aged <30 mo) on lipid indexes in humans., DESIGN: Participants included men and women (aged 25-70 y) with hypercholesterolemia (5.44-6.99 mmol/L) who were not receiving cholesterol-lowering medication. Treatment consisted of the randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled administration of 5 g bIg for 6 wk in 52 participants (n = 26 each in treatment and control groups)., RESULTS: Mean (+/-SD) total cholesterol (TC) at baseline was 6.33 +/- 0.1 mmol/L for bIg and 6.16 +/- 0.1 mmol/L for placebo. A repeated-measures multivariate analysis of covariance covaried for change in total energy and alcohol intake and Tukey's post hoc examination of our data showed that the bIg-treated group had a significant reduction in TC at 3 wk (5.98 +/- 0.5 mmol/L; P < 0.05) and 6 wk (5.97 +/- 0.7 mmol/L; P < 0.05). The concentration at 6 wk was significantly different from that in the placebo group (P < 0.05). This reduction was largely due to a decrease in LDL cholesterol in the bIg-treated group from baseline (4.12 +/- 0.6 mmol/L) at 3 wk (3.92 +/- 0.7 mmol/L, P < 0.05) and at 6 wk (3.84 +/- 0.6 mmol/L, P < 0.05); the 6-wk concentration differed significantly between the treatment and placebo groups (P < 0.05). We observed no significant changes in the placebo group or in any other lipid indexes or markers associated with hepatorenal or cardiovascular function., CONCLUSION: Consumption of bIg appears to positively modulate the primary lipid indexes associated with cardiovascular disease.
Dairy products do not lead to alterations in body weight or fat mass in young women in a 1-y intervention.; BACKGROUND: Previous results suggested that increased intake of dairy calcium is associated with reduced weight and fat mass., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether long-term increases in consumption of dairy calcium alter body weight and fat mass in young, healthy women., DESIGN: We used a randomized, 1-y intervention for dairy calcium. Subjects were 155 young (aged 18-30 y), healthy, normal-weight women with intake of dietary calcium < 800 mg/d and energy intake </= 2200 kcal/d. Women were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: 1) control: continue established dietary intake; 2) medium dairy: substitute dairy products to achieve intake of calcium of approximately 1000-1100 mg/d and maintain isocaloric intake; 3) high dairy: substitute dairy products to achieve intake of calcium of 1300-1400 mg/d and maintain isocaloric intake. The main outcome measures were 1-y changes in body weight (in kg) and fat mass (in kg). One hundred thirty-five women completed the trial., RESULTS: Mean intakes of calcium during the intervention were 742.4 +/- 321.5, 1026.4 +/- 311.3, and 1131.29 +/- 337.2 mg/d for the control, medium-dairy, and high-dairy groups, respectively (P < 0.0001). No significant differences were observed in the mean 1-y change in body weight between the control, medium-dairy, and high-dairy groups (0.8 +/- 2.8, 0.7 +/- 3.0, and 1.5 +/- 4.1 kg, respectively; P = 0.45). No significant differences were observed in the mean 1-y change in fat mass between the control, medium-dairy, and high-dairy groups (-0.5 +/- 2.5, 0.3 +/- 2.7, and 0.5 +/- 3.5 kg, respectively; P = 0.26)., CONCLUSION: Increased intake of dairy products does not alter body weight or fat mass in young, healthy women over 1 y.
Milk fortified with iron or iron supplementation to improve nutritional status of pregnant women: an intervention trial from rural Vietnam.; Anemia is still the major nutritional problem among pregnant women in Southeast Asia. The objective of this study was to measure hemoglobin status and reduction of underweight in a group of pregnant women who received iron-fortified or nonfortified milk, and another group who received iron supplements (tablets) or placebo. The 44 women in the iron-fortified milk group received 15 mg of iron per day per 400 ml of milk, and 41 women received placebo. The 40 women in the iron supplement group received 60 mg of iron per day, and 43 women received nonfortified milk. During this intervention trial, all women were supervised from the 14th to the 18th week of gestation until delivery. Blood was sampled at 0, 5, 10, and 16 weeks of intervention. After the 16th week of intervention, the changes in hemoglobin (deltaHb) concentrations in both treatment groups (the iron-fortified milk and the iron tablet groups) were not significantly different (deltaHb: -0.5+/-0.9 and -0.3+/-0.9 g/L, respectively), but the changes were significantly greater in the nonfortified milk and placebo groups (deltaHb: -1.2+/-0.9 and -1.1+/-0.8 g/L, respectively; p < .01). The change in transferrin saturation (deltaTS) in the iron-fortified milk group (deltaTS: 3.4+/-12.9%) was greater than that in the placebo and nonfortified milk groups (deltaTS: -10.1+/-9.8% and -11.6+/-10.7 %, respectively) (p < .01). The weight gain of the subjects during intervention did not differ significantly in the fortified and nonfortified milk groups (delta weight: 5.0+/-2.0 and 5.8+/-2.1 kg, respectively), but was higher than in the iron tablet group (delta weight: 4.6+/-3.1 kg; p < .05) and the placebo group (delta weight: 3.8+/-2.5 kg; p < .001). Iron supplementation and fortification were seen to be effective in promoting weight gain in pregnant Vietnamese women. For women who are underweight, the administration of iron-fortified milk has additional benefits to those of supplementation, most likely due to additional energy and nutrient inputs.
[Hypocholesteremic effectiveness of a yogurt containing plant stanol esters].; This clinical trial was carried out with the objective of a preliminar evaluation of the hypocholesteremic effectiveness of a dietary dairy product currently marketed in Spain in the form of drinkable yogurt. Thirty-two adult male and female patients with LDL cholesterol higher than 120 mg/dl were recruited in a pilot, randomized as parallel groups, double-blind, and placebo-controlled clinical trial. Patients consumed during 3 weeks (a bottle a day) Kaiku's Benecol containing 2 g/bottle of plant stanol esters, or a placebo consisting of the same product without plant stanol. Furthermore, all participants carried out some dietary standards. At the beginning and the end of the treatment LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were assessed; LDL/HDL index was also calculated. At the end of the treatment in the active group a significant decline (p < 0.01) with regard to the initial levels was observed in LDL cholesterol (157 +/- 30 to 140 +/- 34, mg/dl, mean +/- SD) levels, total cholesterol (235 +/- 34 to 219 +/- 35) levels, and LDL/HDL index (3,2 +/- 1,0 to 3,0 +/- 1,2), without significant changes in HDL cholesterol (48 +/- 15 to 53 +/- 29); in the placebo group there were no significant changes (LDL cholesterol: 168 +/- 25 to 164 +/- 23; total cholesterol: 245 +/- 31 to 237 +/- 23; HDL cholesterol: 51 +/- 12 to 51 +/- 12; LDL/HDL index: 3,4 +/- 0,6 to 3,3 +/- 0,8). In short, consumption of a yogurt a day containing 2 g of stanol reduces significantly the cholesterol levels and this effect is not observed with the placebo.
Effects of fat-modified dairy products on blood lipids in humans in comparison with other fats.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Due to its high content of LDL-raising saturated fatty acids (SFA), milk fat has been considered to be hypercholesterolaemic, but it also contains fatty acids and other constituents which seem to have a hypocholesterolaemic effect. Milk fat was modified by feeding cows rapeseed cake, resulting in a reduced content of SFA and an increased content of unsaturated fatty acids. The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of modified milk fat (ModFat) on serum cholesterol fractions, triacylglycerides (TAG) and lipoprotein(a) [LP(a)], compared with regular milk fat (RegFat) and with soft margarine (Marg)., METHOD: Fifteen women and 16 men were enrolled in the intervention study. Nine of the participants were hypercholesterolaemic. Nutrient intake parameters, serum lipids and LP(a) were determined., RESULTS: The serum concentration of HDL cholesterol increased in the ModFat period, leading to a decreased LDL/HDL ratio in this period. The lowest LP(a) concentrations were measured at the end of the control phase and at the end of the ModFat period. A decreasing tendency of serum TAG concentration was observed in the ModFat period., CONCLUSION: The fat-modified milk seems to have positive effects on the LDL/HDL ratio and the LP(a) concentrations, both of which have been established as risk factors for coronary heart disease. Copyright 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Dietary fat type influences total milk fat content in lean women.; Trans fatty acids (TFA) are found naturally in some foods (e.g., dairy products) as well as many processed foods made with partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO). Data from a growing literature suggest that some TFA decrease milk fat in lactating animals. Because the physiologic effects of TFA in lactating women are unknown, this study was designed to investigate the effects of TFA consumption on human milk fat. A randomized, crossover design (n = 12) was used to study the effect of 3 dietary treatments: high PHVO (regular margarine), low PHVO (low TFA margarine), or low PHVO but high in naturally occurring TFA (butter) on milk fat. Treatments were administered for 5 d, with 7-d washout periods. Maternal adiposity was estimated by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Milk and blood were collected on d 5 of each intervention period. In general, milk and serum fatty acid concentrations mirrored those of the dietary treatments. There were significant interactions between treatment and maternal adiposity on milk fat and infant milk consumption, as well as on serum glucose and nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations. Consumption of regular margarine, compared with low TFA margarine, resulted in lower milk fat in leaner, but not in more obese women. Consumption of either regular or low TFA margarine, compared with butter, elevated serum NEFA concentrations in the more obese women. In summary, consumption of regular margarine, compared with low TFA margarine, decreased milk fat in lean women. Further studies are required to determine whether infant milk consumption might compensate for this potentially important change in milk composition.
Body composition in preterm infants who are fed long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids: a prospective, randomized, controlled trial.; The objective of this study was to evaluate growth and body composition of premature infants who were fed formulas with arachidonic acid (ARA; 20:4n6) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n3) to 1 y of gestation-corrected age (CA). Preterm infants (750-1800 g birth weight and <33 wk gestational age) were assigned within 72 h of first enteral feeding to one of three formulas: control (n = 22), DHA+ARA from fish/fungal oil [DHA+ARA(FF); n = 20], or DHA+ARA from egg/fish oil [DHA+ARA(EF); n = 18]. Human milk feeding was allowed on the basis of the mother's choice. Infants were fed breast milk and/or preterm formulas with or without 0.26% DHA and 0.42% ARA to term CA followed by breast milk or postdischarge preterm formulas with or without 0.16% DHA and 0.42% ARA to 12 mo CA. Body composition was measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. There were no significant differences among the three study groups at any time point in weight, length, or head circumference. Bone mineral content and bone mineral density did not differ among groups. At 12 mo CA, infants who were fed DHA+ARA-supplemented formulas had significantly greater lean body mass (p < 0.05) and significantly less fat mass (p < 0.05) than infants who were fed the unsupplemented control formula. The DHA+ARA-supplemented formulas supported normal growth and bone mineralization in premature infants who were born at <33 wk gestation. Preterm formulas that had DHA+ARA at the levels and ratios in this study and were fed to 1 y CA led to increased lean body mass and reduced fat mass by 1 y of age.
A non-dairy probiotic's (poi) influence on changing the gastrointestinal tract's microflora environment.; JUSTIFICATION: Yogurt has been historically used to restore gut microflora adversely affected by antibiotic treatment. Certain fermented dairy products are probiotics; "live microorganisms which when administered in adequate amounts confer a health benefit to the host." Microorganisms in foods may benefit certain health conditions such as diarrhea, gastroenteritis, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease, and cancer. A potential new probiotic from a Polynesian traditional food is poi; a starchy paste made from the corm of taro plants., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine if consumption of poi, a potential non-dairy probiotic, altered the microflora in the gastrointestinal tract of healthy adults., METHODS: A cross-over clinical study included 18 subjects (19-64 years of age) divided into a poi group (n = 10) and control group (n = 8). The study duration of 14 weeks consisted of a 2-week washout, 4-week treatment or control, a subsequent 2-week washout, cross-over of 4-week treatment or control, and a final 2-week washout. Subjects thus served as their own controls. While receiving the poi treatment, participants consumed fresh poi (1-2 days old) three times a day (130 g/meal or approximately 1/2 cup/meal); the control group did not. Both groups filled out 3-day dietary records to ensure compliance. Measurable outcomes included pre- and post-treatment microbiological fecal culture analyses., RESULTS: We found no significant differences in total bacterial counts following a poi diet versus following a control diet, nor were significant differences found in counts of specific bacterial species. Lactococcus tends to be higher in poi when it is analyzed for specific bacteria, but the poi consumption in our study did not alter the mean concentration of individual bacterial species (log10 CFU/g wet feces) for Escherichia coli, Enterobacter, Klebsiella, Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, and Bifidobacterium. No significant differences in stool frequency or consistency were observed between the treatment and control group periods., CONCLUSION: Poi consumption did not significantly alter total or individual bacterial counts in the human gastrointestinal tract. Further research might determine if "sour poi" (3-4 days old) has a greater affect than "fresh poi" (1-2 days old) as a potential probiotic, and a larger trial with longer diet durations may detect more subtle effects of poi consumption on bacterial counts.
Regular consumption of a flavanol-rich chocolate can improve oxidant stress in young soccer players.; The consumption of a diet rich in certain flavonoids, including the flavanol sub-class, has been associated with a reduced risk for vascular disease. We evaluated the effects of the regular consumption (14 d) of a flavanol-containing milk chocolate (FCMC) or cocoa butter chocolate (CBC) on variables related to vascular disease risk, oxidative stress and physical activity. Twenty-eight free-living, young (18-20 years old) male soccer players consumed daily 105 g of FCMC (168 mg of flavanols) or CBC (< 5 mg of flavanols), as part of their normal diet. The consumption of FCMC was significantly associated with a decrease in diastolic blood pressure (- 5 mm Hg), mean blood pressure (- 5 mm Hg), plasma cholesterol (-11%), LDL-cholesterol (-15%), malondialdehyde (- 12%), urate (- 11%) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activity (- 11%), and an increase in vitamin E/cholesterol (+ 12%). No relevant changes in these variables were associated with CBC consumption. No changes in the plasma levels of (-)-epicatechin were observed following analysis of fasting blood samples. In conclusion, FCMC consumption was associated with changes in several variables often associated with cardiovascular health and oxidant stress. The presence of significant quantities of flavanols in FCMC is likely to have been one of the contributing factors to these results.
Effect of calcium and dairy foods in high protein, energy-restricted diets on weight loss and metabolic parameters in overweight adults.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects two high-protein (HP) diets that differ in dietary calcium and protein source on weight loss, body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function and blood pressure., DESIGN: Randomized, parallel study (12 wk of energy restriction, 4 wk of energy balance) of high dairy protein/high-calcium (DP, 2400 mg Ca/d) and high mixed protein/moderate calcium (MP, 500 mg Ca/d) diets (5.5 MJ/d, 34% protein, 41% carbohydrate, 24% fat)., SUBJECTS: In all, 50 healthy, overweight (age 25-64 y; body mass index 25-35 kg/m(2);) males (n=20) and females (n=30)., RESULTS: Loss of total weight (-9.7+/-3.8 kg), fat mass (-8.3+/-0.4 kg) and lean mass (-1.6+/-0.3 kg) were independent of dietary group. Improvements in fasting insulin, lipids, systolic/diastolic blood pressure, and markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function were independent of dietary intervention., CONCLUSIONS: Increased dietary calcium/dairy foods in an energy-restricted, HP diet does not affect weight loss or body composition. Weight reduction following increased protein diets is associated with beneficial metabolic outcomes that are not affected by protein source.
Effect of postpartum maternal or neonatal vitamin A supplementation on infant mortality among infants born to HIV-negative mothers in Zimbabwe.; BACKGROUND: Young infants are at risk of vitamin A deficiency. Supplementation of breastfeeding mothers improves the vitamin A status of their infants, but there are no data regarding its effect on infant mortality, and data on the effect of directly supplementing infants during the first few weeks of life are conflicting., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to measure the effect on infant mortality of supplementing neonates and their HIV-negative mothers with single, large doses of vitamin A during the immediate postpartum period., DESIGN: A randomized, placebo-controlled, 2-by-2 factorial design trial was conducted in 14,110 mothers and their infants; 9208 of the mothers were HIV-negative at delivery, remained such during the postpartum year, and were retained in the current analysis. The infants were randomly assigned within 96 h of delivery to 1 of 4 treatment groups: mothers and infants received vitamin A (Aa), mothers received vitamin A and infants received placebo (Ap), mothers received placebo and infants received vitamin A (Pa), and both mothers and infants received placebo (Pp). The vitamin A dose in the mothers was 400,000 IU and in the infants was 50,000 IU. The mother-infant pairs were followed to 12 mo., RESULTS: Hazard ratios (95% CI) for 12 mo mortality among infants in the maternal-supplemented and infant-supplemented groups were 1.17 (0.87, 1.58) and 1.08 (0.80, 1.46), respectively. Hazard ratios (95% CI) for the Aa, Ap, and Pa groups compared with the Pp group were 1.28 (0.83, 1.98), 1.27 (0.82, 1.97), and 1.18 (0.76, 1.83), respectively. These data indicate no overall effect. Serum retinol concentrations among a subsample of women were similar to reference norms., CONCLUSION: Postpartum maternal or neonatal vitamin A supplementation may not reduce infant mortality in infants of HIV-negative women with an apparently adequate vitamin A status.
Probiotic effects on faecal inflammatory markers and on faecal IgA in food allergic atopic eczema/dermatitis syndrome infants.; Probiotic bacteria are proposed to alleviate intestinal inflammation in infants with atopic eczema/dermatitis syndrome (AEDS) and food allergy. In such infants we investigated effects of probiotic bacteria on faecal IgA, and on the intestinal inflammation markers tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), alpha1-antitrypsin (AT), and eosinophil cationic protein (ECP). A total of 230 infants with AEDS and suspected cow's milk allergy (CMA) received in a randomized double-blinded manner, concomitant with elimination diet, Lactobacillus GG (LGG), a mixture of four probiotic strains (MIX), or placebo for 4 wk. Four weeks after treatment, CMA was diagnosed with a double-blind placebo-controlled milk challenge. Faecal samples of 102 infants, randomly chosen for analysis, were collected before treatment, after 4-wk treatment, and on the first day of milk challenge. After treatment, IgA levels tended to be higher in probiotic groups than in the placebo group (LGG vs. placebo, p=0.064; MIX vs. placebo, p=0.064), and AT decreased in the LGG group, but not in other treatment groups. After challenge in IgE-associated CMA infants, faecal IgA was higher for LGG than for placebo (p=0.014), and TNF-alpha was lower for LGG than for placebo, but non-significantly (p=0.111). In conclusion, 4-wk treatment with LGG may alleviate intestinal inflammation in infants with AEDS and CMA.
Dairy augmentation of total and central fat loss in obese subjects.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: We have previously demonstrated an antiobesity effect of dietary Ca; this is largely mediated by Ca suppression of calcitriol levels, resulting in reduced adipocyte intracellular Ca2+ and, consequently, a coordinated increase in lipid utilization and decrease in lipogenesis. Notably, dairy Ca is markedly more effective than other Ca sources., DESIGN: Obese subjects were placed on balanced deficit (-500 kcal/day) diets and randomized to control (400-500 mg Ca/day; n = 16) or yogurt (1100 mg Ca/day; n = 18) treatments for 12 weeks. Dietary macronutrients and fiber were held constant at the US average., MEASUREMENTS: Body weight, body fat and fat distribution (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), blood pressure and circulating lipids were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks of intervention., RESULTS: Fat loss was markedly increased on the yogurt diet (-4.43+/-0.47 vs -2.75+/-0.73 kg in yogurt and control groups; P<0.005) while lean tissue loss was reduced by 31% on the yogurt diet. Trunk fat loss was augmented by 81% on the yogurt vs control diet (P<0.001), and this was reflected in a markedly greater reduction in waist circumference (-3.99+/-0.48 vs -0.58+/-1.04 cm, P<0.001). Further, the fraction of fat lost from the trunk was higher on the yogurt diet vs control (P<0.005)., CONCLUSION: Isocaloric substitution of yogurt for other foods significantly augments fat loss and reduces central adiposity during energy restriction..
Randomized controlled trial of the effects of soy protein containing isoflavones on vascular function in postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: The incidence of cardiovascular disease increases after menopause, possibly because of the decline in estrogen. Soy protein, a rich source of estrogen-like isoflavones, is hypothesized to improve vascular function., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate whether supplementation with soy protein, a rich source of estrogen-like isoflavones, improves vascular function., DESIGN: We performed a 12-mo double-blind randomized trial to compare the effects of soy protein containing 99 mg isoflavones/d (aglycone weights) with those of milk protein (placebo) on blood pressure and endothelial function in 202 postmenopausal women aged 60-75 y., RESULTS: Changes in endothelial function during the intervention were not significantly different between the soy and the placebo groups. After the intervention, systolic blood pressure increased in the soy group significantly more than it did in the placebo group; the difference in change was 4.3 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.3, 8.4 mm Hg; P = 0.04) for systolic blood pressure, but only 2.0 mm Hg (95% CI: -0.74, 4.71 mm Hg; P = 0.15) for diastolic blood pressure. In the soy group only, systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased and endothelial function improved in the equol producers, whereas systolic and diastolic blood pressure increased and endothelial function deteriorated in the equol nonproducers., CONCLUSIONS: The results of this trial do not support the hypothesis that soy protein containing isoflavones have beneficial effects on vascular function in older postmenopausal women. Whether certain subgroups of women (eg, equol producers) do benefit from the intervention remains to be elucidated.
Plant sterol/stanol prescription is an effective treatment strategy for managing hypercholesterolemia in outpatient clinical practice.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effectiveness of prescribing 2 g plant sterols/stanols per day as an addition to standard practice in a dietary outpatient clinic., DESIGN: A randomized parallel design of comparative 12-week interventions., SUBJECTS/SETTING: Patients referred by a general practitioner to a dietary outpatient clinic for the management of hyperlipidemia were eligible. Twenty-five patients (15 women and 10 men) completed the study., INTERVENTION: Counseling regarding diet for hyperlipidemia was based on the National Cholesterol Education Program guidelines. The intervention group was instructed to incorporate approximately 25 g/day of margarine, containing plant sterols/stanols, which delivered approximately 2 g plant sterols/stanols., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Changes in diet, body weight, and serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides were measured., STATISTICAL ANALYSIS PERFORMED: Changes in dietary and biochemical outcomes were assessed using Student's t test. For nonnormally distributed data, Wilcoxon signed rank test was used, and Mann-Whitney U tests were conducted to determine the proportion of subjects reaching defined goals. The number needed to treat index was used to report effectiveness of the intervention., RESULTS: Five of 14 subjects in the intervention group compared with 0 of 11 in the control group achieved a reduction in serum cholesterol of >/=15% ( P <.05). Using the number needed to treat index, for each 2.8 patients counseled with routine prescription of plant sterols/stanols, one additional patient would obtain a reduction in cholesterol by >/=15% compared with conventional management. This was achieved without any detrimental effects on the dietary fatty acid profile., CONCLUSIONS: Routine prescription of margarine containing plant sterol/stanol is an effective strategy in the management of hypercholesterolemic patients in the clinical setting.
The effect of imaging time, radiopharmaceutical, full fat milk and water on interfering extra-cardiac activity in myocardial perfusion single photon emission computed tomography.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Extra-cardiac activity can interfere with observer interpretation of myocardial perfusion single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) images. Fatty meals and drinks to reduce interference have been tested; however, a simple study of delayed imaging with (99m)Tc-tetrofosmin and (99m)Tc-sestamibi has not been specifically addressed. The aim was to quantify the effects of imaging time, radiopharmaceutical and oral administration of full fat milk and water on interfering activity., METHODS: Myocardial perfusion SPECT images were acquired using either tetrofosmin or sestamibi. Patients were imaged at 0.5, 1 or 2 h post-injection (tetrofosmin, 59; sestamibi, 72). Additional groups of patients were imaged either with or without milk (tetrofosmin, 54; sestamibi, 45) and with milk and water (sestamibi, 30). A myocardial region was drawn on the anterior projection and a thin adjacent extra-cardiac region was generated automatically. The count density ratio was calculated and validated with a trial of five observers. A decreasing ratio correlated significantly with observer rank of increasing interference with SPECT image interpretation (r=0.95, P=0.001)., RESULTS: The ratio improved significantly as the imaging time increased for both tetrofosmin and sestamibi groups (P<0.05). The groups given milk or milk plus water showed no significant improvement against control groups (P > or = 0.2). There was no significant difference between tetrofosmin and sestamibi at any time point (P > or = 0.4)., CONCLUSIONS: Image interpretation may be improved by delayed imaging for tetrofosmin and sestamibi. However, in contrast with common practice, the administration of milk or water appears to be of no clinical value compared with delayed imaging, and there is no significant difference between interfering activity from tetrofosmin and sestamibi.
Dairy consumption and body mass index: an inverse relationship.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between consumption of dairy products and body mass index (BMI) in Tehranian adults., DESIGN: Cross-sectional study., SUBJECTS: A total of 462 healthy subjects (223 men and 239 women) aged over 16 y selected randomly from among participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS)., MEASUREMENTS: Dietary data were collected by means of a food frequency questionnaire for 1 y and two 24-h dietary recalls. Height and weight were measured and BMI was calculated. Physical activity was assessed by the Lipid Research Clinic (LRC) questionnaire., RESULTS: Consumption of dairy products was 3.7+/-1.0 and 2.9+/-1.2 servings per day in men and women, respectively. As the servings of dairy consumption increased per day, the proportion of normal-weight subjects rose and that of obese ones declined. As BMI increased, the proportion of subjects with lower consumption of dairy products increased, whereas that of those with higher consumption decreased. There was a significant inverse correlation between the servings of dairy consumption per day and BMI after controlling for the effect of age, physical activity, energy, carbohydrate, dietary fiber, protein and fat intake (r=-0.38, P<0.05). After adjustment for potential confounding variables, men and women in the top quartile of dairy consumption had lower chances for being overweight (OR=0.78, 95% CI=0.43-0.92 for men and OR=0.89, 95% CI=0.53-0.95 for women) and obese (OR=0.73, 95% CI=0.40-0.83 for men and OR=0.69, 95% CI=0.34-0.80 for women) compared to those in the first quartile., CONCLUSION: The results suggest an inverse relationship between dairy consumption and BMI. It is recommended that further studies address this issue by focusing on the dairy components responsible for this effect.
Plant sterol ester-enriched milk and yoghurt effectively reduce serum cholesterol in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects.; BACKGROUND: The cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterol esters (PSteE) or stanol esters (PStaE) in regular- and low-fat spreads has been consistently demonstrated, while their effectiveness in a low-fat, aqueous food carrier such as milk and yoghurt is less well established., AIM OF THE STUDY: Two studies were carried out to assess the cholesterol-lowering effect of PSteE-enriched low-fat milk and PSteE- and PStaE-enriched low-fat yoghurt in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects (total cholesterol between 5-7.5 mmol/l)., METHODS: Study one was a single blind crossover design with 4 phases of 3-week interventions. Subjects consumed 300 ml/d of placebo or PSteE-milk (2.0 g plant sterols/d) alone or combined with 25 g/d of placebo or PSteE-spread. Study two was a fully randomised, double blind crossover design with 3 phases of 3-week interventions. Subjects consumed 2 portions (150 g tubs each) of placebo, PSteE-yoghurt (1.8 g plant sterols/d) or PStaE-yoghurt (1.7 g plant stanols/d). In study one 39 subjects (21 men and 18 women) and in study two 40 subjects (17 men and 23 women) completed the dietary intervention., RESULTS: In study one, PSteE-milk and PSteE-spread were equally efficacious in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol as compared to placebo by 6-8% and 8-10%, respectively. No significant additional cholesterol-lowering was observed with the combination of PSteE-milk and PSteE-spread (4 g plant sterols/d). PSteE-enriched milk and the combination of PSteE-enriched milk plus spread both lowered lipid-adjusted serum beta-carotene concentrations by 10-14% (P < 0.02),while the PSteE-rich spread alone did not significantly alter serum beta-carotene levels. In study two, the PSteE- and PStaE-enriched yoghurts reduced LDL-cholesterol significantly compared to placebo by 0.27 +/- 0.05 mmol/l (6%) and 0.23 +/- 0.05 mmol/l (5%), respectively. In both studies, there was no effect on HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations., CONCLUSION: Plant sterols in the form of their esters when provided in lowfat milk and yoghurt are effective in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol.
Adequate nutrient intake can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans.; Cardiovascular disease kills nearly as many Americans each year as the next seven leading causes of death combined. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease and most of its associated risk factors is markedly higher and increasing more rapidly among African Americans than in any other racial or ethnic group. Improving these statistics may be simply a matter of improving diet quality. In recent years, a substantial and growing body of evidence has revealed that dietary patterns complete in all food groups, including nutrient-rich dairy products, are essential for preventing and reducing cardiovascular disease and the conditions that contribute to it. Several cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, insulin resistance syndrome, and obesity, have been shown to be positively influenced by dietary patterns that include adequate intake of dairy products. The benefits of nutrient-rich dietary patterns have been specifically tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations. These studies demonstrated proportionally greater benefits for African Americans without evidence of adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose intolerance. As currently promoted for the prevention of certain cancers and osteoporosis, regular consumption of diets that meet recommended nutrient intake levels might also be the most effective approach for reducing cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans.
Limited lipid-lowering effects of regular consumption of whole soybean foods.; AIM: To examine cardiovascular health benefits of foods containing a whole soybean extract., METHODS: The study design was a randomized, placebo-controlled crossover trial of consuming soy-based milk and yoghurt (treatment) or equivalent dairy products (control) for 5 weeks each. Twenty-six mildly hypercholesterolaemic and/or hypertensive volunteers were recruited from the community as study volunteers, of which 23 completed. Main outcome measures included clinic and ambulatory blood pressure, arterial compliance, lipids, fatty acids and isoflavones in fasted blood and 24-hour urinary isoflavone excretion. Nutrient intakes were assessed initially and after each 5-week period. Multiple regression analyses were used to determine predictor variables in statistical models; order effects were tested by repeated measures ANOVA. Changes in Lp(a) were determined by Wilcoxon signed ranks tests; other differences between treatment and control were assessed by t tests., RESULTS: Plasma and urinary isoflavones were markedly increased by whole soy supplementation but there were no overall differences in plasma lipids, blood pressure or arterial compliance between the soy and dairy diets. However, in 8 equol-positive subjects (equol detected in either plasma or urine), retrospective analysis revealed significant reductions in total cholesterol (8.5%), LDL cholesterol (10%), LDL:HDL ratio (13.5%), plasma triglycerides (21%) and lipoprotein(a) (11%) with the soy diet. These reductions were independent of changes in polyunsaturated fat and other macronutrient intakes., CONCLUSIONS: Regular consumption of whole soybean milk and yogurt products had no effect on plasma lipids, blood pressure or arterial compliance in at-risk subjects, despite substantially increasing isoflavone levels in blood and urine. Retrospective analysis suggests that improvement of plasma lipids may have been limited to equol-positive subjects. Copyright 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel
[Effect of a new fermented soy milk product on serum lipid levels in normocholesterolemic adult men].; This study was undertaken to verify the effect of a daily intake of a new fermented soy milk produced with Enterococcus faecium and Lactobacillus jugurti on the serum lipid levels in normocholesterolemic middle-aged men. The study was randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled and was performed for a period of 6 weeks. Forty-four normocholesterolemic healthy, male volunteers, aged 40-55 years old were randomly separated in two groups: The F-group received 200 ml of the fermented product daily and the P-group received 200 ml of placebo (chemically fermented). The blood samples were drawn initially and after 3 and 6 weeks and serum values for total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride were determined. The LDL-cholesterol value was estimated. No significant changes in the fermented group (F) were observed for total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol or triglyceride levels, while the HDL-cholesterol level was significantly higher (p < or = 0.05) after 6 weeks. The total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels were significantly higher (p < or = 0.05) in the placebo group (P), but no changes were found for the HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride levels during the experimental period. In conclusion, the intake of 200 ml/day of the fermented soy milk, produced with E. faecium and L. jugurti, for 6 weeks, did not affect the serum total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol, and led an increase of 10% in the HDL-cholesterol level.
Consumers' sensory and nutritional perceptions of three types of milk.; OBJECTIVE: To identify consumer perceptions of whole milk, reduced-fat milk and soy milk, and to investigate demographic influences on perceptions and types of milk consumption., DESIGN AND SETTING: Questionnaires covering nutritional and sensory perceptions of three types of milk., SUBJECTS: Three hundred and sixty-one randomly selected shoppers in Melbourne, Australia., RESULTS: Generally, respondents held positive perceptions about milk. Milk was considered as having good sensory properties, providing a good source of nutrients, and being a convenient and safe product. However, despite these findings, misperceptions and unawareness about the nutrient content of milk were prevalent. Negative perceptions were most common for whole milk and were mostly related to its perceived high fat, cholesterol and energy contents. Soy milk received lower ratings on sensory quality and convenience than dairy milk. There were few sociodemographic differences in consumers' perceptions. Although reduced-fat milk consumption was more frequent among elderly people and type of milk consumption was related to parenthood, no other significant effects of demographic variables were found on the consumption of specific milk types., CONCLUSION: Although positive perceptions were common, negative perceptions and misperceptions appear to be prevalent, presenting a challenge for nutrition education. Sociodemographic factors were not shown to be important predictors of perceptions and type of milk consumption.
[Some elements of life style, including cigarette smoking, among adolescents].; The aim of the study was to determine some of elements of life style among 336 pupils attending randomly chosen high school (in 4 provinces) were studied by the questionnaire. 12.5% of adolescents were smoking cigarettes. Physical activity of half of respondents was ranked as average, 1/3 was underweight, 3.9% was over weight--(obesity--0.9%). Most of adolescents ate 3 meals a day, 92% were snacking. The main nutritional faults were small frequency of consumption of milk and milk products, vegetables and fruits, fish and vegetable oils.
[Evaluating dietary quality of type 2 diabetics in Macao by Healthy Eating Index].; OBJECTIVE: To Evaluate dietary quality of type 2 diabetics in Macao with Healthy Eating Index and try to know whether the result from quantitative food frequency survey reflect the result from 24 hour recall dietary survey., METHODS: We randomly drew samples from file of registered type 2 diabetics on a Health Center of Macao. The diabetics have been investigated with both 24 hour dietary recall and quantitative food frequency dietary survey methods. According to the calculational method of healthy eating index, the result of dietary survey was transferred to Healthy Eating Index and evaluate the diet quality with it., RESULTS: There was a significant correlation between both results, including Healthy Eating Index, total energy and the percentages of energy from the three major nutrients, were obtained with 24 hour recall and quantitative food frequency. The Healthy Eating Index was 66.0. The minimum score of HEI components was milk. Total Energy of the diabetics was 5407.9 kJ (1287.6 kcal). And the percentages of energy from carbohydrate, total fat and protein were 59.4%, 25.8% and 16.1%, respectively. The intake of dietary fiber and calcium were 9.9 g and 340 mg respectively., CONCLUSION: For this population, the results of both dietary survey methods can reflect each other well. According to the criteria of Healthy Eating Index, diet quality of 80% patients were among "need improvement". The situation of milk consumption was the worst. The consumption of fruits, grains and vegetable were too low and the consumption of sodium was too high. The percentages of energy from the three major nutrients were within the recommended range but the intake of total energy was too low. The intake of thiamin and riboflavin were not enough. Intake of dietary fiber and calcium were severely low.
5% imiquimod cream and reflectance-mode confocal microscopy as adjunct modalities to Mohs micrographic surgery for treatment of basal cell carcinoma.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that up-regulates cytokines and has been shown in clinical studies to reduce or clear basal cell carcinoma tumors when applied topically., OBJECTIVE: The objectives were to evaluate the efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream in treating basal cell carcinoma preceding excision by Mohs micrographic surgery and to determine if reflectance-mode confocal microscopy is useful to establish the need for surgical intervention after imiquimod treatment., METHODS: Subjects applied study cream to one biopsy-confirmed basal cell carcinoma tumor 5 x/week for 2, 4, or 6 weeks in this vehicle-controlled, double-blind study. Confocal microscopy was used for the 6-week treatment group to examine the target tumor area at each interval visit and immediately before Mohs micrographic surgery. After the Mohs micrographic surgery excision, the tissue was evaluated histologically, and the excision area was measured. Confocal microscopy readings were correlated to the histologic diagnosis., RESULTS: Tumors cleared or the target tumor area was reduced in subjects in the 4- and 6-week dosing regimens. Confocal microscopy assessments correlated well with the histologic diagnosis., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod improved excision results relative to vehicle when used for treating basal cell carcinoma before Mohs micrographic surgery. Confocal microscopy assessments correlated well with tumor response to therapy, suggesting that confocal microscopy may help determine the need for surgery.
Butter and walnuts, but not olive oil, elicit postprandial activation of nuclear transcription factor kappaB in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy men.; BACKGROUND: Nuclear transcription factor kappaB (NF-kappaB) plays an important role in atherosclerosis by modulating gene expression. Postprandial lipemia has been correlated with an increase in NF-kappaB activation in vascular cells and it is associated with an increase in postprandial triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins, which are involved in the development of atherosclerotic plaque., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of the intakes of 3 different foods with different fat compositions on the postprandial activation of monocyte NF-kappaB., DESIGN: Eight healthy men followed a 4-wk baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat-load meals consisting of 1 g fat/kg body wt (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design. Each meal had a different fatty acid composition, and the consumption of each meal was separated by 1 wk. The compositions of the 3 test meals were as follows: olive oil meal [22% saturated fatty acids (SFAs), 38% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and 0.7% alpha-linolenic acid], butter meal (38% SFAs, 22% MUFAs, 4% PUFAs, and 0.7% alpha-linolenic acid), and walnut meal (20% SFAs, 24% MUFAs, 16% PUFAs, and 4% alpha-linolenic acid)., RESULTS: Ingestion of the olive oil meal did not elicit NF-kappaB activation compared with ingestion of either the butter meal at 3 h (P <0.05) or the walnut meal at 9 h (P <0.05). There was no significant difference in the postprandial triacylglycerol response between the 3 meals., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of an olive oil-enriched meal does not activate NF-kappaB in monocytes as do butter and walnut-enriched meals. This effect could enhance the cardioprotective effect of olive oil-enriched diets.
Randomized, controlled trial of slow versus rapid feeding volume advancement in preterm infants.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether infants who are fed initially and advanced at 30 mL/kg per day (intervention) take fewer days to get to full feedings than those who are fed initially and advanced at 20 mL/kg per day (control), without increasing their incidence of feeding complications and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). We also examined whether these infants regain birth weight earlier, have fewer days of intravenous fluids, and a have shorter hospital stay., METHODS: A randomized, controlled, single-center trial was conducted in a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of a community-based county hospital in Houston, Texas. Infants between 1000 and 2000 g at birth, gestational age  or =IIA NEC., RESULTS: A total of 155 infants were enrolled: 72 infants in the intervention group and 83 in the control group. Infants in the intervention group achieved full-volume feedings sooner (7 vs 10 days, median), regained birth weight faster (11 vs 13 days, median), and had fewer days of intravenous fluids (6 vs 8 days, median). Three infants in the intervention group and 2 control infants developed NEC for an overall incidence of 3.2% (relative risk: 1.73; 95% confidence interval: 0.30-10.06)., CONCLUSION: Among infants between 1000 and 2000 g at birth, starting and advancing feedings at 30 mL/kg per day seems to be a safe practice and results in fewer days to reach full-volume feedings than using 20 mL/kg per day. This intervention also leads to faster weight gain and fewer days of intravenous fluids.
Probiotic consumption does not enhance the cholesterol-lowering effect of soy in postmenopausal women.; Numerous studies report that soy lowers cholesterol. Probiotic bacteria were also reported to lower total cholesterol (TC) and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C). We hypothesized that by altering intestinal microflora, probiotic consumption may also change phytoestrogen metabolism and enhance the effects of soy. To evaluate the independent and interactive effects of probiotic bacteria and soy on plasma TC, LDL-C, HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TG), 37 women with a baseline TC of 5.24 mmol/L were given the following 4 treatments for 6 wk each in a randomized crossover design: soy protein isolate (26 +/- 5 g soy protein containing 44 +/- 8 mg isoflavones/d); soy protein isolate + probiotic capsules (10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS-1 and Bifidobacterium longum); milk protein isolate (26 +/- 5 g milk protein/d); and milk protein isolate + probiotic. Soy consumption decreased plasma TC by 2.2% (P = 0.02) and LDL-C by 3.5% (P = 0.005), increased HDL-C by 4.2% (P = 0.006) and tended to decrease TG (P = 0.07) compared with milk protein intake. When divided according to initial TC concentration, soy effects were observed only in hypercholesterolemic women (TC > 5.17 mmol/L). In this subgroup, soy treatments decreased plasma TC by 3.3% (P = 0.01), LDL-C by 4.5% (P = 0.004), and TG by 10.6% (P = 0.02), and increased HDL-C by 4.2% (P = 0.02). When subjects were divided on the basis of plasma and urine concentrations of the isoflavone metabolite, equol, equol producers and nonproducers did not differ in baseline lipids or in the effects of soy. Probiotics did not lower cholesterol or enhance the effects of soy. These results confirm a beneficial effect of soy on plasma cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women independent of equol production status, but do not support an independent or additive effect of these particular probiotic bacteria.
Differences in food habits and cardiovascular disease risk factors among Native Americans with and without diabetes: the Inter-Tribal Heart Project.; OBJECTIVE: To examine differences in food habits among Native Americans with and without diabetes., DESIGN: A cross-sectional epidemiological study in which participants underwent a physical examination and answered an extensive interviewer-administered questionnaire to assess differences in food servings, preparation and eating habits., SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: Participants aged >/=25 years were randomly selected from three reservations in Minnesota and Wisconsin. There were 990 persons without diabetes, 294 with a prior diagnosis of diabetes, and 80 with fasting glucose >125 mg dl(-1) but no prior diabetes diagnosis., RESULTS: Persons with prior diabetes diagnosis were less likely than those without diabetes to report eating fast-food meals two or more times per week, eat visible fat on meat or the skin on poultry, eat fried chicken or fried fish, to add fat to cooked vegetables and drink whole milk. Persons with previously undiagnosed diabetes were more likely than previously diagnosed persons to report eating fast-food meals two or more times per week, eat visible fat on meat and the skin on poultry, drink whole milk and eat fried fish, but were less likely to drink low-fat milk. Previously undiagnosed persons were more likely than either diagnosed persons or persons without diabetes to consume lard from cooked foods and use it when cooking., CONCLUSION: Persons with diagnosed diabetes showed healthier eating patterns than those without diabetes, while undiagnosed persons showed some less favourable patterns. Because virtually all persons with diabetes in these communities receive nutrition education, the results suggest that nutrition education programmes for diabetics may be associated with healthier eating patterns.
Increased intake of fruit and vegetables and a low-fat diet, with and without low-fat plant sterol-enriched spread consumption: effects on plasma lipoprotein and carotenoid metabolism.; BACKGROUND: Regular intake of plant sterol (phytosterol)-enriched foods enhances the cholesterol lowering effect of diets. One side effect associated with plant sterol consumption is a modest reduction in plasma carotenoid concentrations. This study investigated the effect of consuming a low-fat National Cholesterol Education Programme (NCEP) Step 1 diet, including a low-fat plant sterol ester (PSE)-enriched spread on cholesterol metabolism to determine if specific dietary advice to increase daily fruit and vegetable intake could prevent reduced plasma carotenoid concentrations., MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this randomised, crossover double-blind trial, 48 hypercholesterolaemic men received 21 g day(-1) of a low-fat PSE-enriched spread or placebo for 3 weeks, interrupted by 3 weeks washout. Individuals also adhered to a NCEP Step 1 diet and repeated 3-day food diaries monitored adherence. Specific advice was provided to increase dietary fruit and vegetable intakes. Fasting blood samples were collected at pre- and post-intervention for lipoprotein and carotenoid analysis., RESULTS: Plasma total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations were significantly (P <0.05) reduced, by 4.6 and 7.1%, respectively, after the PSE-enriched low-fat spread. Plasma apo B concentrations were significantly (P <0.0005) lower after the PSE spread. PSE consumption was also associated with significantly (P <0.05) lower total plasma beta-carotene concentrations, but this change was not significant after lipid standardisation. PSE consumption had no effect on retinol, alpha-carotene, gamma-tocopherol, alpha-tocopherol, lutein, zeaxanthin, beta-crypyoxanthin or lycopene concentrations., CONCLUSION: Dietary advice to increase daily fruit and vegetable consumption may be effective in preventing a reduction in plasma carotenoid concentrations previously associated with PSE consumption. Further, PSE incorporated in a low-fat spread and consumed as part of a NCEP Step 1 diet are effective in reducing total and LDL cholesterol.
Growth, efficacy, and safety of feeding an iron-fortified human milk fortifier.; OBJECTIVE: Survival rates for preterm infants who weigh between 501 and 1500 g at birth have continued to improve over time. In response to this continuing decrease in birth weight of surviving preterm infants, Enfamil Human Milk Fortifier has recently been reformulated to meet the nutritional requirements of these smaller, more rapidly growing infants. It now provides an increased protein level of 1.1 g/58 kJ, a decreased carbohydrate level of 0.2 g/58 kJ, and a combined linoleic and alpha-linolenic fatty acid content of 157 mg/58 kJ. As these very small preterm infants have an increased requirement for dietary iron, the fortifier has been supplemented with 1.44 mg/58 kJ of iron, an amount of iron similar to that provided in a typical iron-fortified term infant formula. An iron-fortified product obviates the need for administration of an iron supplement, a hyperosmolar-inducing intervention. The purpose of this prospective, double-blind, randomized, controlled study was to evaluate growth, safety, and efficacy in a population of very low birth weight (VLBW) preterm infants who received human milk fortified with either the reformulated iron-fortified powdered human milk fortifier test product (HMF-T) or a powdered commercially available human milk fortifier control product (HMF-C)., METHODS: Infants who weighed < or =1500 g, had a gestational age < or =33 weeks postmenstrual age, and had an enteral intake of at least 100 mL/kg per day of unfortified human milk were stratified by gender and birth weight and randomized to receive HMF-T or HMF-C product from study day 1 to study day 28, hospital discharge, or the termination of human milk feedings, whichever came first. Unless medically indicated, investigators were not to administer iron supplements from study days 1 to 14. Infants were assessed serially for growth; enteral and parenteral intake; serum chemistry and hematologic values; clinical histories, including the administration of blood transfusions; feeding tolerance; respiratory outcomes; and morbidities, including adverse events., RESULTS: Of the 181 participating infants in this study, 96 received HMF-T and 85 received HMF-C. At randomization, there were no significant differences in infant characteristics between the fortifier groups. The percentage of participants who remained in the study for 28 days was similar between fortifier groups (57% HMF-T, 46% HMF-C). For both fortifier groups, the most frequent reasons for discontinuing the study before study day 28 were unavailability of human milk and hospital discharge. Rate of weight gain was similar between the fortifier groups (17.5 +/- 0.53 g/kg per day for HMF-T and 17.3 +/- 0.59 g/kg per day for HMF-C). Mean achieved weight, length, and head circumference were comparable between groups across the 28-day study period. Total protein intake from enteral and parenteral nutrition was significantly greater for the HMF-T fortifier group; however, this difference did not result in any difference in growth between the 2 fortifier groups. An analysis of the growth and energy intake data of a subset of the intent-to-treat population who adhered more strictly to the study feeding protocol yielded results similar to those seen for the intent-to-treat population. There were no clinically significant differences in the results of laboratory studies between the groups at study days 0, 14, and 28. Anemia of prematurity was prevalent in both study groups; by study day 28, median hematocrit levels were 27.0% (interquartile range [IQR]: 24.0%-29.6%) for the HMF-T group and 26.0% (IQR: 24.0%-31.0%) for the HMF-C group. Median ferritin levels were 77.0 ng/mL (IQR: 37-155 ng/ml) for HMF-T and 92.0 ng/mL (IQR: 33-110 ng/mL) for HMF-C. There were no significant differences between the study fortifier groups in regard to the receipt of medically indicated iron supplements on or before study day 14 or in the administration of blood transfusions before study day 0 or from study days 0 through 14. However, from study day 15 to study day 28, fewer HMF-T infants (n = 12) required a blood transfusion than did HMF-C infants (n = 20). Although the higher levels of iron in the HMF-T fortifier (1.44 mg vs 0.35 mg for HMF-C per 4 packets of powdered fortifier) did not prevent anemia per se, it did reduce the frequency of one of the most serious outcomes of anemia: the need for a blood transfusion. There was no statistically significant difference between fortifier groups in regard to feeding tolerance. Rates of suspected sepsis (26% HMF-T vs 31% HMF-C) and confirmed sepsis (5% HMF-T, 7% HMF-C) were low as were the rates of suspected necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC; 6% HMF-T and 5% HMF-C) and confirmed Bell's stage 2 or more NEC (1% HMF-T and 1% HMF-C). There were no statistically significant differences between the study fortifier groups in regard to the incidence of confirmed and suspected sepsis and NEC., CONCLUSION: Both human milk fortifiers studied are safe, are well tolerated, and facilitate comparable good growth; however, using the iron-fortified product may reduce the need for blood transfusions in VLBW infants. The similar low rates of suspected and confirmed NEC and sepsis seen in both fortifier groups in this study refutes the premise that the inclusion of iron in fortifiers will increase the incidence of sepsis and NEC. Indeed, the incidence for NEC and sepsis for both groups in this study was lower than is reported for VLBW infants and similar to that seen for infants who are fed human milk.
Suppressive effect of functional drinking yogurt containing specific egg yolk immunoglobulin on Helicobacter pylori in humans.; Helicobacter pylori is a human pathogen that infects over 50% of the population worldwide. It is the most important etiologic agent of gastroduodenal ulcers and malignancies. Helicobacter pylori urease enzyme is considered the main factor for the organism's colonization in the gastroduodenal mucosa. Hens immunized with the purified urease produce a highly specific anti-H. pylori urease immunoglobulin (IgY-urease) in their egg yolks. Immunoglobulin Y-urease was stable at 60 to 65 degrees C for 30 min and at pH 4.0 for 7 h. Its activity was lost at 80 degrees C for 20 min and at pH 2 for 4 h. Specially designed functional drinking yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium spp. with 1% egg yolk IgY-urease was produced commercially. Immunoglobulin Y-urease activity showed stability in the product up to 7 d, and then decreased to 85% after 3 wk of storage. A clinical study was conducted to determine the effectiveness of IgY-urease yogurt to suppress infection in humans. Forty-two volunteers who tested positive for H. pylori using a 13C-urea breath test were recruited. A total of 450 mL of IgY-urease (test group) or IgY-urease-free yogurt (control group) was consumed in 150-mL portions 3 times daily for 4 wk. Volunteers were tested after 2 and 4 wk; urea breath test values significantly decreased in the test group compared with the control group. The results indicate that suppression of H. pylori infection in humans could be achieved by consumption of drinking yogurt fortified with IgY-urease.
Food selection and eating behaviour during weight maintenance intervention and 2-y follow-up in obese men.; OBJECTIVE: The aim was to assess long-term changes in food consumption and eating behaviour during and 2 y after dietary counselling in weight-reduced obese men., DESIGN: Observational study from a randomised controlled trial., SETTING: Outpatient clinic of a research institute., SUBJECTS: A total of 36 subjects with complete data on food intake during the study. Subjects were obese (mean body mass index (BMI) 32.8 kg/m2) men aged 35-50 y, recruited by media advertising., INTERVENTIONS: Dietary counselling was included in 2 months weight reduction with very-low-energy-diet and in 6 months weight maintenance programme, which also included physical activity counselling. This was followed by a 23 months unsupervised follow-up with yearly assessments. Food intake was assessed six times during the study by 4-day food records. Eating behaviour was assessed by Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire (TFEQ)., RESULTS: Increased consumption of low-fat cheese, low-fat margarine, vegetables and high-fibre bread, and decreased consumption of sugar, sausage, high-fat cheese, high-fat margarine, fat products and sweets were observed during dietary counselling. Most of these changes returned later to prestudy consumption level. The relapse in dietary changes was partly associated with scoring low in restraint and high in disinhibition and hunger., CONCLUSION: In obese men, long-term maintenance of dietary changes was difficult. New ways to ease self-monitoring and increase self-efficacy might be necessary to improve maintenance of dietary changes.
Does aqueous or sucralfate cream affect the severity of erythematous radiation skin reactions? A randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Evidence on which to base decisions about the management of radiation skin reactions is lacking. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether sucralfate or aqueous cream reduced acute skin toxicity during radiotherapy to the head and neck, breast or anorectal area (phase A), and to evaluate the effect of hydrogels and dry dressings on moist desquamation (phase B). This paper presents the results of phase A., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Three hundred and fifty seven patients were randomised to apply aqueous cream, sucralfate cream or no cream to the irradiated area from day one of radical radiotherapy treatment. All patients were instructed to wash using unperfumed soap. Acute skin toxicity was measured using a modified radiation therapy oncology group (RTOG) score, reflectance spectrophotometry, patient diary card and dermatology life quality index (DLQI). A cost minimisation approach was used to compare the costs of each skin care approach., RESULTS: No consistent differences were found in the severity of skin reactions or levels of discomfort suffered by patients in each of the randomised groups. Patients with a higher body mass index, who smoked, received concomitant chemotherapy, boost or bolus during treatment were more likely to develop skin reactions., CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence to support the prophylactic application of either of the creams tested for the prevention of radiation skin reactions. Our results show that it is possible to predict which patients are at greatest risk of skin reactions. We suggest that known risk factors should be incorporated into future study protocols.
A comparison of the effects of cheese and butter on serum lipids, haemostatic variables and homocysteine.; Milk fat contains considerable amounts of saturated fatty acids, known to increase serum cholesterol. Little is known, however, about the relative effect of different milk products on risk factors for CHD. The aim of the present study was to compare the effects of Jarlsberg cheese (a Norwegian variety of Swiss cheese) with butter on serum lipoproteins, haemostatic variables and homocysteine. A controlled dietary study was performed with twenty-two test individuals (nine men and thirteen women) aged 23-54 years. The subjects consumed three isoenergetic test diets, with equal amounts of fat and protein, and containing either cheese (CH diet), butter + calcium caseinate (BC diet) or butter + egg-white protein (BE diet). The study was a randomised cross-over study and the subjects consumed each diet for 3 weeks, with 1 week when they consumed their habitual diet in between. Fasting blood samples were drawn at baseline and at the end of each period. Serum was analysed for lipids and plasma for haemostatic variables and homocysteine. Total cholesterol was significantly lower after the CH diet than after the BC diet (-0.27 mmol/l; P=0.03), while the difference in LDL-cholesterol was found to be below significance level (-0.22 mmol/l; P=0.06). There were no significant differences in HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, apo A-I, apo B or lipoprotein (a), haemostatic variables and homocysteine between the diets. The results indicate that, at equal fat content, cheese may be less cholesterol increasing than butter.
[Effect of curcumin on STAT5 signaling pathway in primary CML cells].; To study the effect of curcumin on signaling pathway of signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT5) in primary newly-diagnosed chronic myelocytic leukemia (CML) cells, and to explore the clinical significance of curcumin in the treatment of primary CML cells, the cells were randomly divided into 3 groups: normal control group, CML cells group, and curcumin group; the cellular proliferation was assayed by MTT test; the expression of cellular STAT5 mRNA in CML cells was detected by RT-PCR; the activation of STAT5 in CML cell was detected by electrophoretic mobility shift assay (EMSA). The results showed that the cellular proliferation of curcumin group (OD value 0.640 +/- 0.073) was decreased, as compared with that of the CML cells group (OD value 0.856 +/- 0.083, P <0.01). The expression levels of STAT5 mRNA in CML cells group (integral ratio of OD 1.782 +/- 0.156) were significantly greater than that in the normal control group (integral ratio of OD 0.289 +/- 0.025, P <0.01). The expression of STAT5 mRNA in curcumin group (integral ratio of OD 1.398 +/- 0.126) was significantly decreased as compared with that in the CML cells group (P <0.01). The activation of STAT5 was significantly increased in CML cells group (gray value 5323.375 +/- 515.640) as compared with that in the normal control group (gray value 2943.000 +/- 273.377, P <0.01). The activation of STAT5 of curcumin group (gray value 4331.750 +/- 398.035) was significantly decreased as compared with that of CML cells group (P <0.01). It is concluded that the cellular proliferation and the expression of STAT5 mRNA are increased in the primary CML cells. The activation of STAT5 in primary CML cells is markedly enhanced. STAT5 signaling pathway may be involved in the proliferation of primary CML cells. Curcumin can inhibit the cellular proliferation and the expression of STAT5 mRNA, and down-regulate the activation of STAT5 in primary CML cells. Curcumin may be used in treatment of leukemia.
Treatment of undifferentiated vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia with 5% imiquimod cream: a prospective study of 12 cases.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream on undifferentiated vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN), a disease caused by high-risk human papillomavirus., DESIGN: Prospective, uncontrolled study., SETTING: University hospital vulvar clinic. Patients Twelve consecutive patients treated with 5% imiquimod cream for undifferentiated VIN between March 1, 1999, and May 31, 2001., INTERVENTION: Self-application of 5% imiquimod cream, initially 3 times a week, then adjusted according to tolerance, for up to 7 months according to clinical response., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Therapeutic response, clinically assessed by successive photographs and histologically confirmed for complete responders, was scored as complete, partial (> or =50% decrease in lesion size), or failure. Tolerance was evaluated at each visit., RESULTS: A total of 3, 4, and 5 patients achieved complete response, partial response (> or =75% reduction in lesion size for all such cases), and failure, respectively. Mean duration of treatment was 3.6 months (37.3 applications), 5.0 months (50.7 applications), and 3.4 months (25.2 applications) for complete responders, partial responders, and failures, respectively. Follow-up after treatment was 5 to 18, 14 to 32, and 2 to 28 months, respectively, with 1 partial responder lost to long-term follow-up. No patient developed invasive carcinoma. All but 2 patients experienced vulvar discomfort, resulting in treatment withdrawal for 3. Two patients had flulike symptoms., CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod cream could be a therapeutic option for undifferentiated VIN. Although poorly tolerated, this self-applied treatment could spare patients, either totally or partially, the classic painful and sometimes mutilating treatments of VIN. Controlled, randomized studies are needed to evaluate its efficacy and tolerance.
Daily ingestion of fermented milk containing Lactobacillus casei DN114001 improves innate-defense capacity in healthy middle-aged people.; Different lactic acid bacteria have often been administered as a dietary means to enhance immune system activity. Based on this statement, the aim of the current work was to test the effects of a Lactobacillus casei DN114001 fermented milk consumption on the immune response capacity in middle-age volunteers. Forty-five healthy volunteers, 24 women and 21 men (aged: 51-58 years), were randomized into two groups to receive three cups per day of a L. casei DN114001 (10(8)-10(10) ufc/g) fermented milk (n = 23), or placebo (n = 22), during an 8-week period. Measurements were performed before (day 0), and after the nutritional intervention (day 56). After the trial, no changes in immune cell proportions were detected, but the probiotic-treated group increased oxidative burst capacity of monocytes (probiotic group: p = 0.029; placebo group: p = 0.625), as well as NK cells tumoricidal activity (probiotic group: p = 0.023; placebo group: p = 0.125). Results showed that daily intake of fermented milk containing Lactobacillus casei DN114001 could have a positive effect in modulating the innate immune defense in healthy-middle-age people.
Girls on a high-calcium diet gain weight at the same rate as girls on a normal diet: a pilot study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether pubertal girls assigned to calcium-rich diets or their usual calcium intakes differ significantly in weight gain., DESIGN: This is a pilot study conducted on data from an experimental research project., SUBJECTS/SETTING: The sample included 59 girls, 9 years of age, from Omaha metropolitan communities., INTERVENTION: Participants were randomly assigned to a calcium-rich diet supplying at least 1,500 mg of calcium per day or their usual diet., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The outcome measure was change in weight during 2 years of study., STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, Mann-Whitney U, t tests of paired and independent samples, and analysis of covariance., RESULTS: The girls in the calcium-rich diet group had a mean (+/-standard deviation) calcium intake of 1,656+/-191 mg/day, whereas the girls on their usual diets averaged 961+/-268 mg/day. Although the participants in the treatment group consumed nearly twice as much dietary calcium--primarily from dairy foods--they did not have greater increases in body weight, body mass index, or fat or lean mass than the control group. These findings held when the data were grouped by tertile of calcium intake. Compared with girls on their usual diets, the girls who consumed the calcium-rich diet also significantly increased their intake of essential nutrients., CONCLUSION: We conclude that calcium-rich diets do not cause excessive weight gain in pubertal girls but do contribute positively to overall nutrition. These findings provide support for programs to promote calcium-rich diets, which are critical for attaining peak bone mass.
Blood pressure response to dietary modifications in free-living individuals.; A diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods has been shown to lower blood pressure (BP) when all foods are provided. We compared the effect on BP (measured at home) of 2 different self-selected diets: a low-sodium, high-potassium diet, rich in fruit and vegetables (LNAHK) and a high-calcium diet rich in low-fat dairy foods (HC) with a moderate-sodium, high-potassium, high-calcium DASH-type diet, high in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy foods (OD). Subjects were randomly allocated to 2 test diets for 4 wk, the OD and either LNAHK or HC diet, each preceded by a 2 wk control diet (CD). The changes in BP between the preceding CD period and the test diet period (LNAHK or HC) were compared with the change between the CD and the OD periods. Of the 56 men and 38 women that completed the OD period, 43 completed the LNAHK diet period and 48 the HC diet period. The mean age was 55.6 +/- 9.9 (+/-SD) years. There was a fall in systolic pressure between and the CD and OD [-1.8 +/- 0.5 mm Hg (P < 0.001)]. Compared with OD, systolic and diastolic BPs fell during the LNAHK diet period [-3.5 +/- 1.0 (P < 0.001) and -1.9 +/- 0.7 (P < 0.05) mmHg, respectively] and increased during the HC diet period [+3.1 +/- 0.9 (P < 0.01) and +0.8 +/- 0.6 (P = 0.15) mm Hg, respectively]. A self-selected low-sodium, high-potassium diet resulted in a greater fall in BP than a multifaceted OD, confirming the beneficial effect of dietary intervention on BP in a community setting.
Comparison of the effects of dietary plant sterol and stanol esters on lipid metabolism.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: To compare the cholesterol-lowering efficacy and other metabolic effects of plant sterol and stanol esters, both of which are commonly used in the dietary management of hypercholesterolaemia., METHODS AND RESULTS: The cholesterol-lowering efficacy of equivalent intakes of sterol and stanol esters and of different intakes of stanol esters were compared at 1 and 2 months, both in normal subjects and treated patients with familial hypercholesterolaemia. Systemic effects were assessed by measuring serum levels of plant sterols and of lathosterol and 7alpha-hydroxy-cholestenone, indices of sterol absorption and of cholesterol and bile acid synthesis respectively. There were no significant differences during the study between 1.6g daily of sterol and stanol esters in reducing total cholesterol (by 3-7%) or low density lipoprotein cholesterol (by 4-8%), nor between 1.6 and 2.6 g daily of stanol. However, the cholesterol-lowering effect of plant sterol esters was attenuated between 1 and 2 months. This was accompanied by increased serum plant sterols and decreased levels of 7alpha-hydroxy-cholestenone, especially in statin-treated hypercholesterolaemic patients not taking bile acid sequestrants., CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that absorption of dietary plant sterols suppressed bile acid synthesis, thereby diminishing their cholesterol-lowering efficacy. In contrast, plant stanols reduced plant sterol absorption and maintained their cholesterol-lowering efficacy.
Effect of post-exercise supplement consumption on adaptations to resistance training.; OBJECTIVE: Athletes are interested in nutritional manipulations that may enhance lean tissue gains stimulated by resistance training. Some research demonstrates that acute consumption of food containing protein causes superior muscle protein synthesis compared to isoenergetic foods without protein. This benefit has not been verified in longer-term training studies. We compared body composition and muscle function responses to resistance training in males who consumed a carbohydrate or a multi-macronutrient beverage following each training session., METHODS: Nineteen, untrained men (18-25 years) consumed either a milk (MILK) or a carbohydrate-electrolyte (CHO) drink immediately following each workout during a 10 week resistance training program. Muscle strength (1RM for seven exercises), body composition (DXA scan), fasted, resting concentrations of serum total and free testosterone, cortisol, IGF-1, and resting energy expenditure (REE) were measured prior to and at the end of training., RESULTS: Resistance training caused an increase (44 +/- 4%, p < 0.001) in muscular strength for all subjects. The training program reduced percent body fat (8%, p < 0.05, -0.9 +/- 0.5 kg) and increased fat-free soft tissue (FFST) mass (2%, 1.2 +/- 0.3 kg, p < 0.01). MILK tended to increase body weight and FFST mass (p = 0.10 and p = 0.13, respectively) compared to CHO. Resting total and free testosterone concentrations decreased from baseline values in all subjects (16.7%, 11%, respectively, p < 0.05). Significant changes in fasting IGF-1, cortisol, and REE across training were not observed for either group., CONCLUSION: Post-resistance exercise consumption of MILK and CHO caused similar adaptations to resistance training. It is possible that a more prolonged training with supplementation period would expand the trend for greater FFST gains in MILK.
Randomized controlled trial of sour milk on blood pressure in borderline hypertensive men.; BACKGROUND: A double-blind randomized controlled trial was carried out to assess the effect of sour milk, containing two tripeptides (valine-proline-proline and isoleucine-proline-proline), on blood pressure (BP)., METHODS: A total of 46 borderline hypertensive men aged 23 to 59 years were recruited at their workplace for this trial. Subjects were randomly allocated into two groups; sour milk drink group (S-group, n = 23) and placebo (acidified milk) drink group (P-group, n = 23) for 4 weeks. Blood pressure was measured twice at each occasion by a physician, at the health center of the company, with a mercury at baseline, 2 and 4 weeks. Statistical analysis was performed by SPSS 10.0J., RESULTS: The S-group and P-group showed no significant difference in baseline systolic BP (mean [SD], S: 147.6 [9.6], P: 145.3 [13.0]) or diastolic BP (S: 95.3 [9.9], P: 91.5 [9.6]). In the S-group, change in systolic BP at 2 and 4 weeks were -4.3 mm Hg (95% confidence interval [CI] -8.3 to -0.4; P = .032) and -5.2 mm Hg (95% CI -10.1 to -0.3; P = .039), both statistically significant. Diastolic BP showed change from -1.7 mm Hg (95% CI -5.4 to 2.0) at 2 weeks and -2.0 (95% CI -5.4 to 1.5) at 4 weeks, respectively. In the P-group, change in systolic BP were -0.5 (95% CI -5.8 to 4.8) at 2 weeks and -3.7 (95% CI -8.3 to 0.9) and change in diastolic BP were -0.6 (95% CI -4.7 to 3.6) and -0.3 (95% CI -3.9 to 3.3), which were not statistically significant., CONCLUSIONS: This trial demonstrated the beneficial effect of sour milk on BP in borderline hypertensive men who were not taking antihypertensive medication. Copyright 2004 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Plasma phytoestrogens are not altered by probiotic consumption in postmenopausal women with and without a history of breast cancer.; Soy phytoestrogens were suggested to reduce the risk of a number of diseases including breast cancer. Given that these compounds are metabolized by bacteria, alteration of intestinal bacteria and enzymes may affect phytoestrogen metabolism. We hypothesized that probiotics, when consumed with soy protein, would increase plasma isoflavones, as well as equol producer frequency, in postmenopausal women. We further hypothesized that these effects would differ between women who have had breast cancer and women who have not. To test these hypotheses, 20 breast cancer survivors and 20 controls completed four 6-wk treatments in a randomized, crossover design: supplementation with soy protein (S) (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein, 44.4 +/- 7.5 mg isoflavones/d); soy + probiotics (S+P) (10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS+1 and Bifidobacterium longum, 15-30 mg fructooligosaccharide/d); milk protein (M) (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d); and milk + probiotics (M+P). Plasma phytoestrogen concentrations did not differ between controls and survivors, although genistein tended to be lower in survivors at baseline (P = 0.15), and during soy (P = 0.16) and milk protein (P = 0.16) consumption. As expected, soy consumption increased plasma phytoestrogen concentrations (P < 0.0001). Plasma phytoestrogen concentrations and the number of equol producers did not differ between the S and S+P diets. At the same time, plasma equol concentrations as well as urinary equol excretion in 2 subjects were more than 7-fold different between the 2 diets. These results indicate that this particular probiotic supplement does not generally affect plasma isoflavones, although the large differences between plasma and urinary equol in some subjects suggest that equol producer status may be modifiable in some individuals.
Does weaning influence growth and health up to 18 months?.; BACKGROUND: National and international recommendations for the age of introducing solid foods (weaning) are founded on insufficient evidence and little is known about the short and medium term consequences associated with early or late weaning., AIMS AND METHODS: Data from over 1600 infants from five prospective randomised trials conducted in the UK between 1993 and 1997 were used to determine the influence of weaning 12 weeks on growth and health outcomes (diarrhoea and vomiting, lower respiratory chest infections, atopy, sleep patterns) up to 18 months post-term, in term appropriate for gestational age (AGA), term small for gestational age (SGA), and preterm infants., RESULTS: Term infants weaned < or =12 weeks were heavier at 12 weeks of age than those weaned after 12 weeks, but showed slower gain in weight, length, and head circumference between 12 weeks and 18 months than those weaned after 12 weeks; by 18 months, there were no significant differences in size between the two groups. A similar pattern was seen in preterm infants. Breast fed term infants were more likely to be sleeping though the night at 9 months if they were weaned before 12 weeks. No weaning effects or interactions were observed for health outcomes., CONCLUSIONS: We found little evidence that weaning before or after 12 weeks influences health outcomes up to 18 months. Early weaned infants were larger at 12 weeks than later weaned infants but the growth trajectories of the two groups "converged" by 18 months. These findings do not exclude the later emergence of programmed effects of weaning practices.
Effect of soy protein containing isoflavones on cognitive function, bone mineral density, and plasma lipids in postmenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial.; CONTEXT: Postmenopausal estrogen therapy has been posited to have some beneficial effects on aging processes, but its use has risks. Isoflavones, estrogenlike compounds naturally occurring in plant foods, might confer positive effects with fewer adverse effects., OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether soy protein with isoflavones improves cognitive function, bone mineral density, and plasma lipids in postmenopausal women., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of 202 healthy postmenopausal women aged 60 to 75 years, recruited from a population-based sample in the Netherlands, conducted between April 2000 and September 2001., INTERVENTION: Participants were randomly assigned to receive 25.6 g of soy protein containing 99 mg of isoflavones (52 mg genistein, 41 mg daidzein, and 6 mg glycetein or total milk protein as a powder on a daily basis for 12 months., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Cognitive function was assessed using the following instruments: dementia, Mini-Mental State Examination; memory, Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test, immediate recall, delayed recall, and recognition, the Digit Span forward and reversed, and the Doors test; complex attention tasks, Digit Symbol Substitution and Trailmaking, A1, A2, and B; and verbal skills, Verbal Fluency A and N, animals and occupations, and the Boston Naming Task. Bone mineral density of the hip and lumbar spine was assessed using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scanning. Lipid assessment included lipoprotein(a), total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, and triglycerides., RESULTS: A total of 175 women completed the baseline and at least 1 postintervention analysis and were included in the modified intent-to-treat analysis. Adherence was good (median plasma genistein levels, 17.2 and 615.1 nmol/L for placebo and soy group, respectively). Cognitive function, bone mineral density, or plasma lipids did not differ significantly between the groups after a year., CONCLUSION: This double-blind randomized trial does not support the hypothesis that the use of soy protein supplement containing isoflavones improves cognitive function, bone mineral density, or plasma lipids in healthy postmenopausal women when started at the age of 60 years or later.
Increased alpha-linolenic acid intake lowers C-reactive protein, but has no effect on markers of atherosclerosis.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of increased alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)-intake on intima-media thickness (IMT), oxidized low-density lipoprotein (LDL) antibodies, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), C-reactive protein (CRP), and interleukins 6 and 10., DESIGN: Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial., SUBJECTS: Moderately hypercholesterolaemic men and women (55 +/- 10 y) with two other cardiovascular risk factors (n = 103)., INTERVENTION: Participants were assigned to a margarine enriched with ALA (fatty acid composition 46% LA, 15% ALA) or linoleic acid (LA) (58% LA, 0.3% ALA) for 2 y., RESULTS: Dietary ALA intake was 2.3 en% among ALA users, and 0.4 en% among LA users. The 2-y progression rate of the mean carotid IMT (ALA and LA: +0.05 mm) and femoral IMT (ALA:+0.05 mm; LA:+0.04 mm) was similar, when adjusted for confounding variables. After 1 and 2 y, ALA users had a lower CRP level than LA users (net differences -0.53 and -0.56 mg/l, respectively, P < 0.05). No significant effects were observed in oxidized LDL antibodies, and levels of sICAM-1, interleukins 6 and 10., CONCLUSIONS: A six-fold increased ALA intake lowers CRP, when compared to a control diet high in LA. The present study found no effects on markers for atherosclerosis., SPONSORSHIP: The Dutch 'Praeventiefonds'.
Treatment of skin papillomas with topical alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid.; BACKGROUND: We studied the effect on skin papillomas of topical application of a complex of alpha-lactalbumin and oleic acid (often referred to as human alpha-lactalbumin made lethal to tumor cells [HAMLET]) to establish proof of the principle that alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid kills transformed cells but not healthy, differentiated cells., METHODS: Forty patients with cutaneous papillomas that were resistant to conventional treatment were enrolled in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study, in which alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid or saline placebo was applied daily for three weeks and the change in the volume of each lesion was recorded. After this first phase of the study, 34 patients participated in the second phase, an open-label trial of a three-week course of alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid. Approximately two years after the end of the open-label phase of the study, 38 of the original 40 patients were examined, and long-term follow-up data were obtained., RESULTS: In the first phase of the study, the lesion volume was reduced by 75 percent or more in all 20 patients in the alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid group, and in 88 of 92 papillomas; in the placebo group, a similar effect was evident in only 3 of 20 patients (15 of 74 papillomas) (P<0.001). After the patients in the initial placebo group had been treated with alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid in the second phase of the study, a median reduction of 82 percent in lesion volume was observed. At follow-up two years after the end of the second phase, all lesions had completely resolved in 83 percent of the patients treated with alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid, and the time to resolution was shorter in the group originally assigned to receive alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid than among patients originally in the placebo group (2.4 vs. 9.9 months; P<0.01). No adverse reactions were reported, and there was no difference in the outcomes of treatment between immunocompetent and immunosuppressed patients., CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with topical alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid has a beneficial and lasting effect on skin papillomas. Copyright 2004 Massachusetts Medical Society
Long-term compliance and changes in plasma lipids, plant sterols and carotenoids in children and parents with FH consuming plant sterol ester-enriched spread.; OBJECTIVE: To study the compliance and changes in plasma lipids, plant sterols, fat-soluble vitamins and carotenoids in children and parents with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) consuming a plant sterol ester-enriched (PSE) spread., DESIGN: A 26-week open-label follow-up of children who had previously been studied in a controlled cross-over design. The parents were also included in the open-label arm of the study., SETTING: Outpatient clinic for treatment of hyperlipidemia., SUBJECTS: A total of 37 children (7-13 y) and 20 parents (32-51 y) diagnosed with 'definite' or 'possible' heterozygous FH. In all, 19 of the parents, but no children, used statins. All were patients at the Lipid Clinic, National Hospital in Oslo., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were recommended to eat 20 g/day of PSE spread as part of their lipid-lowering diet., RESULTS: The mean intake of PSE spread was 13.7 and 16.5 g/days in the children and parents, respectively, corresponding to 1.2 and 1.5 g of plant sterols. Plasma total cholesterol decreased by 9.1% in both children (P<0.001) and parents (P=0.002). The corresponding decreases in LDL cholesterol were 11.4% (P<0.001) and 11.0% (P=0.012). Increases in serum lathosterol, campesterol and sitosterol, adjusted for total cholesterol, were observed in the children (31, 96, 48%, respectively, P<0.001) at the end of the controlled cross-over period. In the parents, serum campesterol and sitosterol, adjusted for total cholesterol, increased by 92 and 39%, respectively (P< 0.001). Lipid-adjusted serum alpha- and beta-carotene decreased by 17.4% (P=0.008) and 10.9% (P=0.018), respectively, in the children at the end of the controlled PSE period, but increased again during the follow-up. In the parents, serum alpha- and beta-carotene concentrations were unchanged, while serum lutein and lycopene decreased by 7.3% (P=0.037) and 14.6% (P=0.044), respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Sustained efficacy of cholesterol reduction and long-term compliance of PSE intake were demonstrated in this study.
Hypertension-related dietary patterns of rural older adults.; BACKGROUND: Prevalence of hypertension is greater in older adults, and increased intake of fruits, vegetables, and dairy-good sources of potassium, calcium, and magnesium-can reduce blood pressure. This study examined the hypertension-related dietary patterns of older adults., METHODS: A cohort of 180 Pennsylvania adults (aged >/=65), 90 with hypertension, were randomly selected from the Geisinger Rural Aging Study (GRAS). Data were collected by trained interviewers at a home visit. Dietary assessment used five 24-h recalls. We compared the characteristics and dietary intake of people with hypertension to those without hypertension and compared their intakes to current recommendations., RESULTS: Mean intakes of all participants were less than two thirds of the DRI for calcium and magnesium and fell far short of the 3,500 mg of potassium recommended for prevention and treatment of hypertension. Participants with hypertension consumed less sodium than controls. Both groups ate fewer fruits and vegetables than recommended but reached the dairy recommendation. Calcium intake was mainly from high-fat dairy products, beans were the top source of potassium and magnesium., CONCLUSIONS: Older adults with hypertension should be guided to choose more low-fat dairy products and other low-fat calcium sources and to increase intakes of beans, dark green leafy vegetables, and other potassium and magnesium sources.
Effect of ingesting sour milk fermented using Lactobacillus helveticus bacteria producing tripeptides on blood pressure in subjects with mild hypertension.; Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) is important in the regulation of blood pressure (BP). Two tripeptides that inhibit ACE, isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (Ile-Pro-Pro) and valyl-prolyl-proline (Val-Pro-Pro), have been isolated from certain sour milks. The aim of the study reported was to evaluate the effect on BP in subjects with mild hypertension of a new sour milk containing tripeptides. The initial number of subjects was 60 (36 men, 24 women). Among the criteria for inclusion in the study were systolic BP (SBP) between 140 and 180 mmHg and/or diastolic BP (DPB) between 90 and 110 mmHg, without antihypertensive drug therapy. There were two study periods with a washout period between. All subjects were given 1.5 dl per day of a placebo (regular sour milk) or of the active product, a milk that had been fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus bacteria and contained 2.4-2.7 mg of Ile-Pro-Pro and 2.4-2.7 mg of Val-Pro-Pro per 1.5 dl. In the first phase, SBP fell 16 mmHg from baseline in the active group, 2 mmHg more than in the placebo group (P=0.0668) and no difference in DBP (P=0.92). There was a statistically significant downward trend both in SBP and DBP (P=0.0001). During the second phase, SBP fell 11 mmHg in the active group (P=0.008). The reduction in SBP was significantly larger in active than placebo group (P=0.012). In the crossover analysis combining both phases, SBP fell on average 2.6+/-15.9 mmHg more on the active product compared with the placebo product, but this difference was not statistically significant (P=0.3111). The difference in DBP, 1.0+/-8.3 mmHg between the two test products was not significant either (P=0.4431). In conclusion, the ingestion of sour milk fermented by L. helveticus bacteria and that containing ACE inhibitory tripeptides seems to lower BP modestly.
Iron status in 2-year-old Icelandic children and associations with dietary intake and growth.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of food and nutrient intake at 2 y and growth from birth on iron status at 2 y in a population with high birth weight., DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study, children's food consumption and body size measurements were recorded and blood samples taken. Weighed 3-day food records were used to analyse food and nutrient intake., SETTING: Children were recruited from across Iceland from the Icelandic National Registry by the University of Iceland, Computing Services. The children in the sample were born over a 1-y period., SUBJECTS: Parents of randomly selected 2-year-old children (n=130) were contacted, and 72% (n=94) participated. Blood samples were analysed in 76% (n=71) of participating children., RESULTS: In total, 9% of the children were iron-deficient (serum ferritin (SF)<12 microg/l and mean corpuscular volume (MCV) <74 fl) and 1.4% were also anaemic (Hb<105 g/l), while 27% of children were iron-depleted (SF<12 microg/l). Iron status indices were negatively associated with cow's milk consumption. Half of children consuming>500 g cow's milk/day (n=10) were iron-deficient, while one child in 58 consuming<500 g cow's milk/day had iron deficiency (P<0.001). In multiple regression analyses, also biscuits and crackers consumption was positively associated with MCV. Weight gain from birth to 2 y was negatively associated with SF (adjusted R(2)=0.15; P=0.002; n=58). Iron-depleted children were heavier than children not iron-depleted (14.7+/-1.3 vs 13.8+/-1.7 kg; P=0.043), had higher BMI (17.7+/-1.5 vs 16.7+/-1.4 kg/m(2); P=0.028) and gained more weight from birth (11.2+/-1.3 vs. 10.0+/-1.6 kg; P=0.011)., CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that cow's milk consumption above 500 g/day should be avoided at the age of 2 y for better iron status. Iron depletion at 2 y is associated with faster growth from birth.
Effect of free plant sterols in low-fat milk on serum lipid profile in hypercholesterolemic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of nonesterified, nonhydrogenated plant sterols solubilized in a partly vegetable oil-filled low-fat milk on serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) in mildly hypercholesterolemic patients., DESIGN: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled three-arm crossover study., SETTING: Outpatient clinical trial., SUBJECTS: A total of 138 patients were screened, providing 81 patients for randomization; 71 patients completed the study., INTERVENTIONS: The study product was a 500 ml milk blend with or without nonesterified, nonhydrogenated sterols. The daily consumption of sterols in the three groups was 0 g/day, control group (C); 1.2 g/day, (Lo); or 1.6 g/day, (Hi), respectively. The patients were randomly assigned to one of three different treatment sequences. Each intervention period was 4 weeks. The total study duration was 12 weeks., RESULTS: The milk product was well tolerated. The placebo-adjusted mean reduction in LDL was 7.13+/-12.31 and 9.59+/-12.44% (mean+/-s.d.) for Lo and Hi groups, respectively (P<0.0001); there was no statistically significant difference in LDL lowering for the Lo and Hi groups. There were no significant changes in serum vitamin E or carotenoid concentrations after standardization with LDL cholesterol during the study period., CONCLUSION: The present study shows for the first time a substantial reduction in LDL cholesterol with a new, partly vegetable oil-filled 1.2% low-fat milk product, containing nonesterified plant sterols from soybean oil, in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial. This result encourages further development of novel low-fat dairy products containing free plant sterols for future use in cholesterol-lowering initiatives.
Postprandial lipemia in subjects with the threonine 54 variant of the fatty acid-binding protein 2 gene is dependent on the type of fat ingested.; BACKGROUND: The alanine-for-threonine substitution at codon 54 (A54T polymorphism) in the fatty acid-binding protein 2 gene (FABP2) has been associated with hypertriglyceridemia and insulin resistance. Obese and diabetic T54 carriers have greater postprandial lipemia than do A54 homozygotes. The T54 protein isoform is also associated with increased triacylglycerol secretion in vitro., OBJECTIVE: We investigated diet-gene interactions by measuring postprandial lipids, glucose, insulin, and C-peptide in healthy, nonobese A54 homozygotes and T54 carriers after ingestion of 3 different fats., DESIGN: Eleven A54 homozygotes and 11 T54 carriers were given 3 oral-fat-tolerance tests (butter, safflower oil, and olive oil). Cholesterol and triacylglycerol were measured in plasma and in chylomicron fractions., RESULTS: There was no main effect of FABP2 genotype for chylomicron triacylglycerol, glucose, or C-peptide. The area under the insulin curve and the ratio of insulin to C-peptide were lower in T54 carriers than in A54 homozygotes [312 +/- 29 ( +/- SEM) compared with 425 +/- 31 pmol. h/L (P = 0.05) and 0.23 +/- 0.03 compared with 0.40 +/- 0.05 (P = 0.04), respectively], which suggests greater hepatic insulin clearance in T54 carriers. An association between genotype and chylomicron cholesterol was seen only after olive oil: values were higher (P = 0.02) in T54 carriers (0.087 +/- 0.006 mmol. h/L) than in A54 homozygotes (0.058 +/- 0.004 mmol. h/L). The main effect of fat was significant for the areas under the chylomicron cholesterol and chylomicron triacylglycerol curves [higher values for safflower (0.635 +/- 0.053 and 2.48 +/- 0.30 mmol. h/L, respectively) and olive (0.592 +/- 0.052 and 2.48 +/- 0.32 mmol. h/L, respectively) oils than for butter (0.425 +/- 0.043 and 1.69 +/- 0.20 mmol. h/L, respectively); P < 0.05]., CONCLUSIONS: The A54T polymorphism results in a diet-gene interaction: the T54 group had increased chylomicron cholesterol after olive oil only. Nevertheless, the greater hepatic insulin clearance in T54 carriers suggests that the polymorphism may not be deleterious in nonobese subjects.
Diet and blood pressure in 2.5-y-old Danish children.; BACKGROUND: Blood pressure tracks from childhood into adulthood, and early diet may have long-term effects on hypertension., OBJECTIVE: The study's aim was to investigate whether intakes of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFAs) during lactation and current intakes of macronutrients affect blood pressure in 2.5-y-old Danish children., DESIGN: Mothers (n =122) with low fish intakes were randomly assigned to receive supplementation with 4.5 g fish oil or olive oil/d during the first 4 mo of lactation. The trial also included 53 mothers with high fish intakes. One hundred five of these women's children attended a 2.5-y follow-up examination at which anthropometric data and blood pressure were obtained. Mothers then kept a 7-d dietary record of food consumed by their children. A full set of data from 73 children was analyzed for effects of fish oil supplementation and cross-sectional correlations with current diet., RESULTS: We found no significant effect of the mothers' fish oil intakes during the first 4 mo of lactation on the blood pressure of the children 2.5 y later. Greater protein intakes measured as a percentage of energy were associated cross-sectionally with significantly lower diastolic and systolic blood pressures in the children at age 2.5 y after control for outdoor temperature, age, sex, weight, and height (P = 0.028 and 0.035, respectively). Greater protein intakes measured as g/d were also associated with significantly lower systolic blood pressures (P = 0.008). A 1-SD increase in protein intake corresponded with a decrease of approximately 3 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure., CONCLUSION: The blood pressure of young Danish children was not significantly affected by intakes of n-3 LC-PUFAs via breast milk, but greater protein intakes at 2.5 y were associated with lower blood pressure.
Breastmilk feeding and lipoprotein profile in adolescents born preterm: follow-up of a prospective randomised study.; BACKGROUND: Breastfeeding is associated with reduced cholesterol concentration later in life, but previous studies have not used random assignment of infant diet with prospective follow-up. We tested the hypothesis that breastmilk feeding benefits the lipoprotein profile in adolescents born preterm, in whom randomisation to different diets at birth is feasible., METHODS: 926 infants born preterm were randomly assigned in two parallel trials to receive (trial 1) donated banked breastmilk or preterm formula, or (trial 2) standard term formula or preterm formula, as sole diet or as supplements to mother's milk in both trials. We followed up 216 participants at age 13-16 years and measured ratio of low-density to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL to HDL), ratio of apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A-1 (apoB to apoA-1), and concentration of C-reactive protein (CRP; a measure of the inflammatory process associated with atherosclerosis)., RESULTS: Adolescents who had been randomised to banked breastmilk had a lower CRP concentration (p=0.006) and LDL to HDL ratio (mean difference 0.34 [14% lower], 95% CI -0.67 to -0.01; p=0.04) than those given preterm formula. A greater proportion of human milk intake in infancy was associated with lower ratios of LDL to HDL (p=0.03) and apoB to apoA-1 (p=0.004)--independent of gestation and potential confounding factors--and with lower CRP concentration (p=0.03). CRP concentration correlated with the two lipoprotein ratios (p<0.0001 and p=0.003, respectively)., INTERPRETATION: Our data provide experimental evidence for the long-term benefits of breastmilk feeding on the risk of atherosclerosis.
Theta-Cream versus Bepanthol lotion in breast cancer patients under radiotherapy. A new prophylactic agent in skin care?.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: In radiotherapy of the breast following breast-conserving surgery, the adverse reaction predominantly found is confined to the skin. After phase II studies, Theta-Cream, containing CM Glucan, Hydroxyprolisilan C und Matrixyl as active substances, was said to have prophylactic properties of preventing acute radiation side effects in skin tissue. In a prospective randomized study, Theta-cream was compared with standard skin care using Bepanthol lotion., PATIENTS AND METHODS: 20 breast cancer patients were randomly assigned to use Theta-Cream or Bepanthol lotion during radiotherapy. At 0, 30, and 50 Gy, acute skin toxicity was scored with a modified RTOG scoring system. The patients' content with the skin care and the technical assistants' content with the skin marks were recorded., RESULTS: For single aspects of toxicity and their sums in defined skin areas, no differences in median and range between study groups were found. The maximal toxicity anywhere in the breast averaged in a moderate erythema, mild elevation of skin temperature, no desquamation in both groups. Mild itchiness and sporadic efflorescences were more frequently seen with Theta-Cream. According to a ranking of anonymized breast photos at 50 Gy by independent investigators, side effects were equal. Patients' content was high with both skin care regimens (1.25 on a scale from 0 to 10). With Theta-Cream a trend toward worse skin marks was noted. Adverse events exclusively occurred in Theta-Cream users: suspected allergic reaction once, and the necessity for resimulation twice., CONCLUSION: In direct comparison with dexpanthenol-containing lotion, no advantage for Theta-Cream was found. Higher costs and problems with skin marks prevent a general recommendation.
Mothers performing in-home measurement of milk intake during breastfeeding of their preterm infants: maternal reactions and feeding outcomes.; This study compares feeding outcomes and perceptions of mothers using in-home test weights and those who did not use test weights to manage breastfeeding of their preterm infants during the first month after hospital discharge. There were no significant differences in daily weight gain between the 2 groups during the study period. Maternal concerns cited in both groups were similar, namely, knowing how much milk infant is taking, infant gaining adequate weight, and infant getting enough milk. All women in the experimental group and two-thirds in the control group reported that in-home measurement of milk intake by test-weighing had been or would have been helpful. This prospective randomized study demonstrated that mothers of premature infants who performed in-home test-weighing procedures found the technique to be helpful and experienced no increased stress or lower achievement of breastfeeding goals when compared to mothers not performing test weighs.
Effect of moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile on postprandial lipaemia, haemostatic and related CVD risk factors in healthy men.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile on postprandial risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD)., DESIGN: Double-blind, randomised, crossover, intervention trial., SETTING: University of Auckland Human Nutrition Unit, New Zealand., SUBJECTS: A total of 18 lean healthy men., INTERVENTION: A dairy butter fat modified to reduce the saturated:unsaturated fatty acid ratio and a conventional high saturated butter fat were given on two separate occasions as a high-fat test meal (59+/-4 g fat; 71 en% fat) at breakfast. A fat exclusion lunch, dinner and snacks were also given. Blood samples were collected at 0 (baseline), 1, 3, 6, 10 and 24 h., RESULTS: Maximum peak in total triacylglycerol (TAG) occurred 3 h postprandially and was highest on modified treatment (diet, P<0.05) due predominantly to increased TAG within the chylomicron-rich fraction. Transient peaks in total-, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol occurred postprandially, but did not differ between dietary treatments (P>0.05). There were no differential effects of diet on postprandial free fatty acids, apo A, apo B, glucose, insulin, amylin or haemostatic clotting factors (P>0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: In a group of healthy young men, replacement of 16% of total saturated fatty acids by mono- and polyunsaturated fats within a dairy lipid did not induce postprandial changes in CVD risk that may be considered beneficial for health., SPONSORSHIP: Fonterra, Wellington; New Zealand.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of actinic keratosis: results from two phase III, randomized, double-blind, parallel group, vehicle-controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: The immune system plays a critical role in the development and pathogenesis of actinic keratosis (AK). Imiquimod has been shown to stimulate the cutaneous immune response and be effective for the treatment of nonmelanoma skin cancers., OBJECTIVE: Two phase III, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled studies evaluated the efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream compared with vehicle in the treatment of AK lesions on the face and balding scalp., METHODS: A total of 436 participants at 24 centers in the United States and Canada were randomized to either imiquimod 5% or vehicle cream. Study cream was applied one time per day, 2 days per week for 16 weeks. Clearance of AK lesions was clinically assessed at an 8-week posttreatment visit., RESULTS: The complete clearance rate was 45.1% for the imiquimod group and 3.2% for the vehicle group. The difference in complete clearance rates (imiquimod minus vehicle) was 41.9% with a 95% confidence interval of 34.9% to 49%. The partial (> or =75%) clearance rate was 59.1% for the imiquimod group and 11.8% for the vehicle group. The difference in partial clearance rates (imiquimod minus vehicle) was 47.3% with a 95% confidence interval of 39.5% to 55.1%. The median percent reduction in AK lesions was 83.3% for the imiquimod group and 0% for the vehicle group. Local skin reactions were common. Severe erythema was reported by 17.7% of participants who received imiquimod and 2.3% of participants who received vehicle. Overall, imiquimod was very well tolerated., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream used 2 times per week for 16 weeks is an effective and well-tolerated treatment for AK.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: results from two phase III, randomized, vehicle-controlled studies.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that is a Toll-like receptor 7 agonist that induces interferon and other cytokines through the innate immune system and stimulates cell-mediated immunity through T cells. Imiquimod has been shown to be efficacious as a topical treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC)., OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream compared with vehicle for treating superficial BCC (sBCC)., METHODS: Two identical studies were conducted. Subjects with one sBCC were dosed with imiquimod or vehicle cream once daily 5 or 7x/week for 6 weeks in these 2 randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled Phase III studies. The lesion site was clinically examined 12 weeks posttreatment and then excised for histological evaluation., RESULTS: Data from both studies were pooled. Composite clearance rates (combined clinical and histological assessments) for the 5 and 7x/week imiquimod groups were 75% and 73%, respectively. Histological clearance rates for the 5 and 7x/week imiquimod groups were 82% and 79%, respectively. Increasing severity of erythema, erosion, and scabbing/crusting was associated with higher clearance rates., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod appears to be safe and effective for the treatment of sBCC when compared with vehicle cream. The difference in clearance rates between the two imiquimod dosing groups was not significant. The 5x/week regimen is recommended.
Effects of two conjugated linoleic Acid isomers on body fat mass in overweight humans.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of two different conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers at two different intakes on body composition in overweight humans., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Eighty-one middle-aged, overweight, healthy men and women participated in this bicentric, placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized study. For 6 weeks (run-in period), all subjects consumed daily a drinkable dairy product containing 3 g of high oleic acid sunflower oil. Volunteers were then randomized over five groups receiving daily either 3 g of high oleic acid sunflower oil, 1.5 g of cis-9,trans-11 (c9t11) CLA, 3 g of c9t11 CLA, 1.5 g of trans-10,cis-12 (t10c12) CLA, or 3 g of t10c12 CLA administrated as triacylglycerol in a drinkable dairy product for 18 weeks. Percentage body fat mass and fat and lean body mass were assessed at the end of the run-in and experimental periods by DXA. Dietary intake was also recorded., RESULTS: Body fat mass changes averaged 0.1 +/- 0.9 kg (mean +/- SD) in the placebo group and -0.3 +/- 1.4, -0.8 +/- 2.1, 0.0 +/- 2.3, and -0.9 +/- 1.7 kg in the 1.5-g c9t11, 3-g c9t11, 1.5-g t10c12, and 3-g t10c12 groups, respectively. Changes among the groups were not significantly different (p = 0.444). Also, lean body mass and dietary intake were not significantly different among the treatments., DISCUSSION: A daily consumption of a drinkable dairy product containing up to 3 g of CLA isomers for 18 weeks had no statistically significant effect on body composition in overweight, middle-aged men and women.
Calcium and dairy acceleration of weight and fat loss during energy restriction in obese adults.; OBJECTIVE: Increasing 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in response to low-calcium diets stimulates adipocyte Ca2+ influx and, as a consequence, stimulates lipogenesis, suppresses lipolysis, and increases lipid accumulation, whereas increasing dietary calcium inhibits these effects and markedly accelerates fat loss in mice subjected to caloric restriction. Our objective was to determine the effects of increasing dietary calcium in the face of caloric restriction in humans., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We performed a randomized, placebo-controlled trial in 32 obese adults. Patients were maintained for 24 weeks on balanced deficit diets (500 kcal/d deficit) and randomized to a standard diet (400 to 500 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo), a high-calcium diet (standard diet supplemented with 800 mg of calcium/d), or high-dairy diet (1200 to 1300 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo)., RESULTS: Patients assigned to the standard diet lost 6.4 +/- 2.5% of their body weight, which was increased by 26% (to 8.6 +/- 1.1%) on the high-calcium diet and 70% (to 10.9 +/- 1.6% of body weight) on the high-dairy diet (p < 0.01). Fat loss was similarly augmented by the high-calcium and high-dairy diets, by 38% and 64%, respectively (p < 0.01). Moreover, fat loss from the trunk region represented 19.0 +/- 7.9% of total fat loss on the low-calcium diet, and this fraction was increased to 50.1 +/- 6.4% and 66.2 +/- 3.0% on the high-calcium and high-dairy diets, respectively (p < 0.001)., DISCUSSION: Increasing dietary calcium significantly augmented weight and fat loss secondary to caloric restriction and increased the percentage of fat lost from the trunk region, whereas dairy products exerted a substantially greater effect.
Dietary hydrogenated fat increases high-density lipoprotein apoA-I catabolism and decreases low-density lipoprotein apoB-100 catabolism in hypercholesterolemic women.; OBJECTIVE: To determine mechanisms contributing to decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations associated with hydrogenated fat intake, kinetic studies of apoA-I, apoB-100, and apoB-48 were conducted using stable isotopes., METHODS AND RESULTS: Eight postmenopausal hypercholesterolemic women were provided in random order with 3 diets for 5-week periods. Two-thirds of the fat was soybean oil (unsaturated fat), stick margarine (hydrogenated fat), or butter (saturated fat). Total and LDL-C levels were highest after the saturated diet (P<0.05; saturated versus unsaturated) whereas HDL-C levels were lowest after the hydrogenated diet (P<0.05; hydrogenated versus saturated). Plasma apoA-I levels and pool size (PS) were lower, whereas apoA-I fractional catabolic rate (FCR) was higher after the hydrogenated relative to the saturated diet (P<0.05). LDL apoB-100 levels and PS were significantly higher, whereas LDL apoB-100 FCR was lower with the saturated and hydrogenated relative to the unsaturated diet. There was no significant difference among diets in apoA-I or B-100 production rates or apoB-48 kinetic parameters. HDL-C concentrations were negatively associated with apoA-I FCR (r=-0.56, P=0.03) and LDL-C concentrations were negatively correlated with LDL apoB-100 FCR (r=-0.48, P=0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The mechanism for the adverse lipoprotein profile observed with hydrogenated fat intake is determined in part by increased apoA-I and decreased LDL apoB-100 catabolism.
The effect of Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk on acute changes in calcium metabolism in postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: Milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus ( L. helveticus) has been shown to lower blood pressure and to increase bone mineral content in spontaneously hypertensive rats. The effect of L.helveticus may be due to better calcium availability., AIM OF THE STUDY: In the present study the effect of milk fermented with L. helveticus on acute changes in calcium metabolism and bone resorption in postmenopausal women was studied., METHODS: The study was performed as a randomised double-blind crossover study of 20 postmenopausal women (mean age 65, range 50-78). The study was carried out in two parts. Firstly, L. helveticus fermented milk was compared to a control milk. Secondly, juice containing peptides formed with L. helveticus bacteria was compared to a control juice. The acute effect on calcium metabolism was measured during the study day by serum ionised calcium (iCa), parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcium (Ca), phosphate (P), and urinary calcium. A direct marker of bone turnover, carboxyterminal telopeptide of type I collagen (ICTP), was measured from the serum., RESULTS: L. helveticus fermented milk reduced serum PTH (405.3 +/- 37 ng/l vs. 454.9 +/- 37, p = 0.012) and increased serum calcium (19.1 +/- 0.2 mmol/l vs. 18.8 +/- 0.2, p = 0.031) compared to the control milk. L. helveticus derived peptides had no significant acute effect on calcium metabolism, in fact, ionised calcium was lower and PTH higher after the juice containing peptides compared to the control juice., CONCLUSIONS: Fermentation of milk with Lactobacillus helveticus had a positive acute effect on calcium metabolism. This effect was not explained by the small peptides formed by L. helveticus.
Dietary intake of hexachlorobenzene in Catalonia, Spain.; To assess the dietary intake of hexachlorobenzene (HCB) by the population of Catalonia, Spain, a total-diet study was carried out. Concentrations of HCB were determined in food samples randomly acquired in seven cities of Catalonia between June and August 2000. A total of 11 food groups were included in the study. HCB levels were determined by HRGC/HRMS. Estimates of average daily food consumption were obtained from recent studies. HCB intake was estimated for five population groups: children (aged 4 to 9 years), adolescents (aged 10 to 19 years), male and female adults (aged 20 to 65 years), and seniors (aged >65 years). In general, HCB residues in foods were rather low excepting dairy products with a mean concentration of 0.869 ng/g wet weight. Total dietary intakes of HCB (microgram per kilogram body weight/day) were the following: children (0.0064), adolescents (0.0031), female adults (0.0025), male adults (0.0024) and seniors (0.0019). All these values are considerably lower than the WHO tolerable daily intake (TDI), which is 0.17 microg kg(-1) day(-1) for non-cancer effects and 0.16 microg kg(-1) day(-1) for neoplastic effects in humans.
Randomized, double-blind trial of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation with fish oil and borage oil in preterm infants.; OBJECTIVE: To test the efficacy and safety of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) supplementation with gamma-linolenic acid, a precursor of arachidonic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid in preterm infants., STUDY DESIGN: Preterm (<35 weeks, < or =2000 g birth weight) infants (n=238) randomly assigned to unsupplemented or LCPUFA-supplemented formula to 9 months after term. The main outcome measure was the Bayley Mental and Psychomotor Indexes (MDI, PDI) at 18 months after term. Safety outcome measures were anthropometry (9 and 18 months), feed tolerance, infection, and clinical complications., RESULTS: There were no significant differences in neurodevelopment between groups overall. In preplanned subgroup analyses, LCPUFA-supplemented boys had significantly higher Bayley MDI than did control boys (difference, 5.7 points; 95% CI, 0.3 to 11.1; P=.04). LCPUFA-supplemented infants showed significantly greater weight gain (difference, 310 g; 95% CI, 30 to 590 g; P=.03) and length gain (difference, 1.0 cm; 95% CI, 0.02 to 1.9; P=.05) between birth and 9 months, with greater effect in boys (weight difference at 9 months, 510 g; 95% CI, 80 to 930 g; P=.02; length difference at 18 months, 1.8 cm; 95% CI, 0.1 to 1.8; P=.03)., CONCLUSIONS: This trial, using the strategy of providing gamma-linolenic acid as a source of arachidonic acid, showed efficacy for growth and for neurodevelopment in boys, with no adverse effects. These data have important implications for LCPUFA-supplementation strategy in preterm infants.
Does fat in milk, butter and cheese affect blood lipids and cholesterol differently?.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of isoenergetic amounts of milk, cheese and butter (adjusted to the same content of lactose and casein) on fasting and postprandial blood lipids and lipoproteins, and on postprandial glucose and insulin response., DESIGN: The experiments were designed to provide 20% of total energy from dairy fat, as either whole milk, mean (+/-SD) 2164 (+/-97) g, butter 93 (+/-4) g, and hard cheese 305 (+/-45) g, which were served to 14 healthy young men for three periods of three weeks each, separated by washout periods, in a randomized, cross-over study with strictly controlled dietary intake. Fasting blood samples were taken at the end of the study periods. Measurements of the postprandial effect of the three different dairy test products (0.7 g of milk fat/kg body weight) were carried out on day 4 of each intervention period. Blood samples were taken before and at 2, 4, 6 and 8 hours following intake of the meals., RESULTS: Fasting LDL cholesterol concentration was significantly higher after butter than cheese diet (p = 0.037), with a borderline significant difference in total cholesterol (p = 0.054) after the experimental periods of three weeks. Postprandial glucose showed a higher response after cheese diet than after milk diet (p = 0.010, diet x time interaction)., CONCLUSIONS: A different effect of fat in milk and butter could not be confirmed in this study. The moderately lower LDL cholesterol after cheese diet compared to butter diet should be investigated further.
Isolated soya protein with standardised levels of isoflavones, cotyledon soya fibres and soya phospholipids improves plasma lipids in hypercholesterolaemia: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of a yoghurt formulation.; The objective was to study whether a yoghurt containing isolated soya protein with standardised levels of isoflavones, cotyledon soya fibres and soya phospholipids is more effective in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol than a placebo. One hundred and forty-three subjects were randomised to the soya group (n 69) or to the placebo (n 74). The mean baseline levels were 7.6 and 5.1 mmol/l for total and LDL-cholesterol, respectively. Fasting serum lipoproteins were assessed five times during the 8-week intervention period, and 4 weeks thereafter. The results were analysed by a mixed model for unbalanced repeated measurements. During the intervention, there were highly significant differences in lipid-lowering effect in favour of the active soya intervention group compared with the control group. The significant differences were for total cholesterol (estimated mean difference 0.40 mmol/l; P<0.001), LDL-cholesterol (0.39 mmol/l; P<0.001), non-HDL-cholesterol (0.40 mmol/l; P<0.001) and for the total:HDL-cholesterol ratio (0.23; P=0.005). There was no difference in the effects on HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols or homocysteine. The lipid-lowering effect occurred within 1-2 weeks of intervention, and was not due to weight loss. The safety profile for active soya was similar to the placebo group, except for gastrointestinal symptoms, which caused a significantly higher dropout rate (fourteen v. three subjects) among the subjects taking active soya.
The impact of usual dietary patterns, selection of significant foods and cuisine choices on changing dietary fat under 'free living' conditions.; Dietary guidelines for the general population and for the management of obesity, diabetes and heart disease suggest a reduction in dietary fat, and in particular dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA). In order to achieve the recommended levels, changes in food choice patterns are required. Foods are consumed in combination with other foods, and these combinations are often recognizable as cuisine patterns. In this study we examined the food choice patterns of a group of 63 adults with existing type 2 diabetes mellitus who completed a 12 month dietary intervention trial aimed at changing dietary fat under 'free living' conditions. In both lower fat (LF, 27%) and modified fat (MF, 37%E) groups, a reduction in dietary SFA and an increase in polyunsaturated fat were required, with an additional requirement to increase dietary monounsaturated fat in the MF group. The usual diets of the study sample were on average low in total fat (27%E), but high in saturated fat (12%E). Those already consuming total fat at the level concordant with their allocation (LF or MF) achieved targets faster than those with a discordant allocation, but there was no significant effect of usual diet on time of target achievement at 12 months. At 6 months, those achieving dietary fat targets had changed to low fat dairy products and leaner meats, were having more spreads, oils, and nuts and were consuming takeaway meals less than twice a week. Contributions to dietary fat shifted from takeaway foods, meat, dairy products and cakes to spreads, oils and nuts. The modified fat and low fat groups chose more Mediterranean and South East Asian cuisines respectively. In this study sample, usual dietary patterns had an initial impact on change in the diet, but identifiable changes in food choice patterns and the adoption of certain cuisines that combined foods indicative of the dietary guidelines resulted in successful achievement of dietary fat targets.
A high dairy protein, high-calcium diet minimizes bone turnover in overweight adults during weight loss.; Weight loss induces bone resorption and this can be attenuated by calcium supplementation. Protein-rich diets were recently associated with favorable effects on bone density, although this remains controversial. We hypothesized that a diet high in calcium and protein would minimize bone resorption during weight loss compared with a lower calcium, protein-rich diet. The effects of dietary calcium in high protein diets on calcium excretion and bone metabolism were examined in overweight adults (n = 50, BMI 33.4 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2)) during 12 wk of energy restriction followed by 4 wk of energy balance. Subjects were randomly assigned to isoenergetic diets (5.5 MJ/d, 34% energy from protein, 41% carbohydrate, 24% fat) high in either dairy protein (DP, 2400 mg Ca/d) or mixed protein sources (MP, 500 mg Ca/d). During energy restriction, weight loss was 10% (-9.7 +/- 3.8 kg, P < 0.01), and 24-h urinary calcium excretion decreased independently of diet (-1.09 +/- 0.23 mmol/d, P < 0.01). By wk 16, the MP diet group had a 40% greater increase in deoxypyridinoline (bone resorption marker) than the DP diet group (P = 0.008). Osteocalcin (bone formation marker) increased from wk 0 to 16 in only the MP diet group [+2.16 +/- 0.63 micro g/L (+0.63 +/- 0.11nmol/L), P = 0.001]. In conclusion, weight loss was associated with increased bone resorption, yet the DP diet had a modest advantage over the MP diet by minimizing overall turnover. Combined with reduced urinary calcium excretion, this suggests that a high-protein, calcium-replete diet may protect against bone loss during weight reduction.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters differ in milk, yoghurt, bread and cereal.; OBJECTIVE: To measure the relative effects of each of four phytosterol ester-enriched low-fat foods (bread, breakfast cereal, milk and yoghurt) on serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids., DESIGN: Three research centres undertook a randomised, incomplete crossover, single-blind study consisting of four treatment periods of 3 weeks each, one of which was a control period. Each sterol-enriched test food provided 1.6 g/day of phytosterols as sterol esters., SETTING: General Community., SUBJECTS: In all 58, free-living men and women with mean age (s.d.) 54 (8) y, moderately elevated plasma total cholesterol 6.2 (0.7) mmol/l and body mass index 26.2 (3.0) kg/m(2)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids., RESULTS: Serum total and LDL cholesterol levels were significantly lowered by consumption of phytosterol-enriched foods: milk (8.7 and 15.9%) and yoghurt (5.6 and 8.6%). Serum LDL cholesterol levels fell significantly by 6.5% with bread and 5.4% with cereal. They were both significantly less efficacious than sterol-enriched milk (P<0.001). Plasma sitosterol increased by 17-23% and campesterol by 48-52% with phytosterol-enriched milk and bread. Lipid-adjusted beta-carotene was lowered by 5-10% by sterols in bread and milk, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to demonstrate that cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters may differ according to the food matrix. Plant sterols in low-fat milk was almost three times more effective than in bread and cereal. Despite phytosterol-enriched cereal products resulting in lower serum cholesterol reductions compared to sterol-enriched milk, the detection of similar changes in plasma phytosterols demonstrated that such products still delivered and released phytosterols to the gut.
Comparison between the effects of soy milk and non-fat cow milk on lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia.; OBJECTIVE: This study assessed whether the consumption of soy milk could add significantly to the lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in comparison with non-fat milk., METHODS: A double-blind, randomized, crossover study was conducted on 60 outpatients with primary hypercholesterolemia following a lipid-lowering diet for at least 6 wk. Lipid profile was obtained at baseline and at 6 and 12 wk, with the patients randomly assigned to receive initially 1 L/d of soy milk or non-fat cow milk for 6 wk. Lipid peroxidation was estimated by plasma thiobarbituric reactive substances. Apolipoprotein E genotypes were examined by polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism., RESULTS: The soy milk diet was associated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction (baseline = 157 +/- 5 mg/dL; soy milk = 148 +/- 4 mg/dL; non-fat cow milk = 158 +/- 4 mg/dL; P < 0.05, soy milk versus other treatments) and with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increase (baseline = 58 +/- 2 mg/dL; soy milk = 62 +/- 2 mg/dL; non-fat cow milk = 57 +/- 2 mg/dL; P < 0.05, soy milk versus other treatments). In addition, plasma thiobarbituric reactive substances were reduced by the soy milk diet (baseline = 1.82 +/- 0.12 nM/L; soy milk = 1.49 +/- 0.09 nM/L; non-fat cow milk = 1.91 +/- 0.11 nM/mL; P < 0.05, soy milk versus non-fat cow milk). Changes in lipid profile were not influenced by APOE genotypes., CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that soy milk as part of a lipid-lowering diet has beneficial effects in improving lipid profile and reducing lipid peroxidation.
The acute effects of olive oil v. cream on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation in postmenopausal women.; The influence of the source of dietary fat on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation rates, was examined in twelve postmenopausal women aged 57-73 years, with BMI 21.9-38.3 kg/m(2). A single blind, randomised, paired comparison of two high-fat, isoenergetic, mixed test meals was conducted. The major source of fat was either cream (CREAM) or extra virgin olive oil (EVOO). RMR, diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) and substrate oxidation rates over 5 h were measured by indirect calorimetry. There were no differences in body weight, RMR, fasting carbohydrate or fat oxidation rates between the two occasions. DIT (EVOO 97 (SD 46) v. CREAM 76 (SD 69) kJ/5 h and EVOO 5.2 (SD 2.5) v. CREAM 4.1 (SD 3.7)% energy) did not differ between the two test meals. The postprandial increase in carbohydrate oxidation rates, relative to their respective fasting values (DeltaCOX), was significantly lower following the EVOO meal (EVOO 10.6 (SD 8.3) v. CREAM 17.5 (SD 10) g/5 h; paired t test, P=0.023), while postprandial fat oxidation rates (DeltaFOX) were significantly higher (EVOO 0.0 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM -3.6 (sd 4.0) g/5 h; P=0.028). In the eight obese subjects, however, DIT was significantly higher following the EVOO meal (EVOO 5.1 (SD 2.0) v. CREAM 2.5 (sd 2.9) %; P=0.01). This was accompanied by a significantly lower DeltaCOX (EVOO 10.9 (SD 9.9) v. CREAM 17.3 (SD 10.5) g/5 h; P=0.03) and significantly higher DeltaFOX (EVOO 0.11 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM -4.1 (SD 4.5) g/5 h, P=0.034). The present study showed that olive oil significantly promoted postprandial fat oxidation and stimulated DIT in abdominally obese postmenopausal women.
Replacing cows' with sheep's dairy fat lowers plasma cholesterol concentration in participants consuming dairy fat-rich diets.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects on plasma cholesterol concentration of replacing cows' dairy fat with sheep's dairy fat., DESIGN: Randomised crossover dietary intervention., SETTING: General community, Dunedin, New Zealand., SUBJECTS: Volunteer sample of 41 healthy adults with initial plasma cholesterol concentration between 4.8 and 7.8 mmol/l., INTERVENTIONS: Participants were asked to follow a self-selected low-fat background diet throughout the study to which, during each of the 2, 3-week dairy diets, they were asked to add sheep's or cows' dairy products., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Energy and nutrient intakes, plasma triacylglycerol fatty acids, and plasma cholesterol., RESULTS: Energy and nutrient intakes on the sheep-dairy and cow-dairy diets were very similar, with total, saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat contributing 34, 18-19, 9, and 3% of total energy intake, respectively. Participants consumed approximately 50 g/day of dairy fat on each diet. Replacing cows' with sheep's dairy fat led to a 0.33 (0.11-0.56, 95% CI) mmol/l decrease (6%) in plasma total cholesterol concentration, from 5.53 (0.90, s.d.) to 5.20 (0.90) mmol/l. Plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was 0.18 (0.02-0.33) mmol/l lower on the sheep-dairy diet as was the concentration of plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, 0.11 (0.02-0.20) mmol/l. The LDL to HDL cholesterol ratio at the end of the sheep-dairy diet, 2.91 (1.10), was not significantly different (P>0.05) from the cow-dairy diet, 2.73 (0.83)., CONCLUSIONS: Within the context of a diet high in dairy fat (50 g/day), replacing cows' milk fat with sheep's milk fat leads to a small reduction in plasma cholesterol concentration, but no change in the ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol.
Development of a perillyl alcohol topical cream formulation.; Perillyl alcohol (POH) is a relatively non-toxic agent that has been shown to be a promising anticancer monoterpene in preclinical models. Studies have indicated that topical application of POH may prove to be effective as a skin cancer chemoprevention therapy. The main aim of this study was to determine the influence of several factors on the stability of POH in solution and develop a topical formulation of POH. During preformulation, the influence of pH, temperature, ionic strength, and organic solvents, on the stability of POH was evaluated at four different temperatures: 4, 25, 37, and 48 degrees C. POH was found to degrade under acidic conditions with degradation following apparent first-order kinetics. A hydrophilic topical cream formulation of POH was developed and prepared for toxicology and clinical studies. A reverse phase gradient HPLC method was developed to quantitate POH in the complex formulation. Stability studies of the formulation and a placebo were performed and the formulation was found to be physically and chemically stable over a period of 1 year at 4 and 25 degrees C.
Estimated healthcare savings associated with adequate dairy food intake.; Medical literature that has coalesced during the past two to three decades has identified adequate intake of nutrients from dairy foods as a common factor in the reduction of the disease burden of several common medical conditions. These include obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis, kidney stones, certain outcomes of pregnancy, and some cancers. Treatment of these disorders, particularly cardiovascular, consumes a significant portion of the United States' healthcare budget. Drawing on accumulated data from prospective longitudinal studies and randomized controlled trials, this article summarizes the evidence of the net benefits of increased dairy food intake on these conditions, their outcomes, and their costs. Estimated improvements in outcomes were combined with available data on annual costs of the respective disorders. From the calculated annual impact, we generated first-year and fifth-year healthcare cost savings that would accrue if adult Americans simply increased their intake of dairy foods to the currently recommended 3 to 4 servings/d. Using conservative estimates of potential benefit, we project first-year savings of approximately 26 billion dollars and 5-year cumulative savings in excess of 200 billion dollars.
Randomized, paired comparison of No-Sting Barrier Film versus sorbolene cream (10% glycerine) skin care during postmastectomy irradiation.; PURPOSE: Postmastectomy irradiation provides an excellent model for irradiated skin care practices because of the relatively uniform surface and radiation compared with other situations in which radiation-induced moist desquamation is common. We designed a study to test the effect of prophylactic 3M Cavilon No-Sting Barrier Film (No-Sting) on the rates of moist desquamation compared with sorbolene cream (with 10% glycerin)., METHODS AND MATERIALS: The irradiated chest wall was divided into medial and lateral halves. Sixty-one women were randomized to have No-Sting applied to either the medial or lateral half, with the alternate half treated with sorbolene., RESULTS: For all patients, the skin toxicity, calculated as the area under the curve, mean No-Sting and sorbolene score was 8.1 vs. 9.2, respectively (p = 0.005, Wilcoxon signed rank test). The total number of weeks of moist desquamation for the 61 patients was 40 vs. 45, equating to a mean of 0.65 week vs. 0.74 week per patient in the No-Sting and sorbolene-treated areas, respectively. The rates of moist desquamation were 33% vs. 46% (p = 0.096, McNemar's Exact test). For 58 fully assessable patients (minimum of 7 weekly observations), the area under the curve and rates of moist desquamation were significantly different statistically (p = 0.002 and 0.049, respectively). No statistically significant differences were noted in the pain scores. The pruritus scores were significantly reduced in the No-Sting area (area under the curve, p = 0.011)., CONCLUSION: No-Sting reduces the duration and frequency of radiation-induced moist desquamation.
Stat5a is tyrosine phosphorylated and nuclear localized in a high proportion of human breast cancers.; Signal transducers and activators of transcription (STATs) are latent cytoplasmic transcription factors that are activated and translocated into the nucleus after phosphorylation at a conserved tyrosine residue. Mouse model studies have demonstrated that activated Stat5a acts as a critical survival factor for normal, preneoplastic and malignant mammary epithelial cells. Very limited information is available, however, on the expression, tyrosine phosphorylation status and nuclear localization of Stat5a in human breast cancers. In our study, the pattern of Stat5a cellular localization was analyzed by immunohistochemistry in a series of 83 randomly selected primary human breast adenocarcinomas. Immunoprecipitation/Western blotting and immunohistochemistry assays employing different phospho-specific antibodies verified Stat5a tyrosine phosphorylation status. Stat5a was nuclear localized and tyrosine phosphorylated in 59 of 78 (76%) breast cancers examined; 38 of 78 (49%) demonstrated Stat5a nuclear localization in more than 25% of the breast cancer cells within the adenocarcinomas. Nuclear localized Stat5a was associated positively with increased levels of histologic differentiation (p = 0.03). A statistically significant positive association with p27 nuclear localization also was identified (p = 0.05). No relationship was found between nuclear localized Stat5a and menopausal status, tumor size, ploidy, percentage of cells in S-phase, lymph node metastases, ER, ErbB2, nuclear localized p21 or nuclear localized Stat5b/Stat3. As its role in human breast cancer progression and response to therapy is defined, Stat5a could become a new molecular target for breast cancer therapy. Copyright 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Ethanol with a mixed meal decreases the incretin levels early postprandially and increases postprandial lipemia in type 2 diabetic patients.; Increased postprandial lipemia is a risk marker of cardiovascular disease (CVD). While moderate alcohol drinking is associated with a reduced risk of CVD in nondiabetic and type 2 diabetic patients, it is also known that alcohol increases postprandial triacylglycerol levels. The incretins, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), are important hormones from the gut that enhance nutrient-stimulated insulin secretion. Their responses to a moderate alcohol dose in type 2 diabetes have not previously been studied. We sought to determine how alcohol influences postprandial lipid and incretin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes when taken in combination with a fat-rich mixed meal. Eleven patients with type 2 diabetes ingested on 3 separate days in random order 3 different meals containing: 100 g butter alone or 100 g butter in combination with 40 g alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate, or 100 g butter and 120 g carbohydrate. The meal with alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate was isocaloric to that of 120 g carbohydrate. Triacylglycerol levels were measured after separation by ultracentrifugation into a chylomicron-rich fraction with Svedberg flotation unit values (Sf) > 1,000, and a chylomicron-poor fraction with Sf < 1,000. Supplementation of a fat-rich mixed meal with alcohol in type 2 diabetic subjects suppressed GLP-1 early in the postprandial phase and increased the late triacylglycerol responses compared with the 2 other meals. In the chylomicron-rich fraction, both triacylglycerol and cholesterol were increased by alcohol. No significant differences in high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels were seen. Isocaloric amounts of carbohydrate and alcohol suppressed equally the postprandial free fatty acid levels, but carbohydrate increased the postprandial glucose, GIP, and insulin levels the most. Early in the postprandial phase, alcohol suppresses the incretin responses and increases the late postprandial triacylglycerol levels in type 2 diabetic patients. Whether this reflects an alcohol-induced suppression of the incretin response, which adds to the alcohol-induced impairment of triacylglycerol clearance in type 2 diabetic patients, remains to be elucidated.
Effects of margarine containing medium-chain triacylglycerols on body fat reduction in humans.; We found previously that the ingestion of margarine containing medium-chain triacylglycerols (MCT) resulted in a significant increase in postprandial thermogenesis when compared with long-chain triacylglycerols (LCT). Diets that included margarine containing MCT and LCT were compared for 12 weeks in 73 subjects to investigate the effects on body weight, body fat, areas of subcutaneous and visceral fat, serum total cholesterols, triglycerides, lipoproteins, plasma glucose, serum insulin, total ketone bodies, and the activities of aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase. We conducted a double-blind, controlled study and used blended rapeseed oil and soybean oil (LCT) as a comparison. Two groups ingested 2100-2400 kcal/day of energy, 65-73 g/day of total fat, and 14 g/day of test margarine (5 g/day of MCT or LCT). The subjects on the MCT diet demonstrated significant decreases in body fat weight (- 3.8 +/- 2.4 kg vs - 2.4 +/- 1.7 kg; MCT vs LCT, mean +/- SD), subcutaneous fat (- 38.2 +/- 29.9 cm(2) vs - 22.6 +/- 19.3 cm(2)), and visceral fat (- 12.2 +/- 11.2 cm(2) vs - 1.6 +/- 12.8 cm(2)) after 12 weeks. There were no clinical differences in measured blood parameters. We suggest that the postprandial increase in thermogenesis and control of postprandial triglyceride levels may explain these results.
Food supplements have a positive impact on weight gain and the addition of animal source foods increases lean body mass of Kenyan schoolchildren.; Observational studies of dietary patterns and growth and studies with milk supplementation have shown that children consuming diets containing animal source foods grow better. This study evaluates the growth of 544 Kenyan schoolchildren (median age 7.1 y) after 23 mo of food supplementation with a meat, milk or energy supplement (approximately 1255 kJ) compared to a control group without a supplement. Multivariate analyses controlled for covariates compared gain in weight, height, weight-for-height Z-score (WHZ), height-for-age Z-score (HAZ), mid-upper-arm circumference, triceps and subscapular skinfolds, mid-upper-arm muscle and mid-upper-arm fat area. Children in each of the supplementation groups gained approximately 0.4 kg (10%) more weight than children in the Control group. Children in the Meat, Milk and Energy groups gained 0.33, 0.19 and 0.27 cm more, respectively, in mid-upper-arm circumference than children in the Control group. Children who received the Meat supplement gained 30-80% more mid-upper-arm muscle area than children in the other groups, and children who received the milk supplement gained 40% more mid-upper-arm muscle area than children who did not receive a supplement. No statistically significant overall effects of supplementation were found on height, HAZ, WHZ or measures of body fat. A positive effect of the milk supplement on height gain could be seen in the subgroup of children with a lower baseline HAZ (< or = -1.4). The results indicate that food supplements had a positive impact on weight gain in the study children and that the addition of meat increased their lean body mass.
Comparison of the effects of sitostanol, sitostanol acetate, and sitostanol oleate on the inhibition of cholesterol absorption in normolipemic healthy male volunteers. A placebo controlled randomized cross-over study.; Feeding of margarines containing sitostanol (CAS 19466-47-8), sitostanol acetate (CAS 73052-08-1), sitostanol oleate (CAS 107615-79-2), or placebo (equivalent of 0.5 g of sitostanol t.i.d) on cholesterol absorption and serum lipids were studied in 10 normolipemic volunteers in a randomized double blind cross-over trial. The study was divided into an open one-week run-in phase and four one-week treatment periods. Each treatment week was followed by a two-week washout period. Measurements of cholesterol absorption was performed by the continuous isotope feeding method using stable isotope labeled cholesterol and sitostanol. Cholesterol absorption during placebo, sitostanol, sitostanol acetate and sitostanol oleate feeding averaged 41.6 +/- (SD) 8.0, 10.2 +/- 6.6, 17.0 +/- 6.7, and 20.5 +/- 5.3%, respectively (p < 0.001 for all against placebo). Low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was proportionally reduced by 22 (p < 0.001), 14 (p < 0.05), and 8% (ns). Absorption efficiency was significantly lower with free sitostanol than with sitostanol acetate or oleate (p < 0.01). Percent reduction in cholesterol absorption with all preparations compared to placebo correlated positively with the percent reduction in LDL cholesterol (r = 0.404; p < 0.03). The results indicate that unesterified sitostanol is more effective in inhibiting cholesterol absorption and reducing LDL cholesterol than the acetate or oleate esters.
Influence of hydrogenated fat and butter on CVD risk factors: remnant-like particles, glucose and insulin, blood pressure and C-reactive protein.; Dietary trans fatty acids/partially-hydrogenated fat has been associated with increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD), possibly greater than predicted from changes in lipoprotein levels. To explore this issue further potential risk factors were assessed in subjects provided with each of six diets in randomized order containing as the major source of fat: soybean oil, semi-liquid margarine, soft margarine, shortening, traditional stick margarine or butter. Plasma fatty acid profiles reflected diet, with triglyceride and phospholipid subfractions affected to a greater extent than cholesteryl ester. Non-fasting LDL-cholesterol levels were 144+/-27, 141+/-27, 146+/-26, 148+/-30, 151+/-29 and 165+/-31 mg/dl (P<0.001) and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios were 5.50+/-1.25, 5.54+/-1.50, 5.69+/-1.29, 5.82+/-1.40, 6.11+/-1.30 and 5.94+/-1.43 (P=0.011), respectively, whereas other lipoprotein levels were not significantly different. Remnant-like particles levels were unaffected by dietary fat, either in the fasting or non-fasting state. Differences in fasting insulin and glucose levels were small and would not be predicted to have a large impact on glucose homeostasis. There was no significant effect of dietary fat type on C-reactive protein levels or blood pressure. These data suggest that, as previously demonstrated, the major CVD risk factor adversely affected by dietary trans fatty acids/partially-hydrogenated fat is LDL-cholesterol levels and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios.
Impact of margarine enriched with plant sterols on blood lipids, platelet function, and fibrinogen level in young men.; The effects of margarines enriched with omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), as well as those containing plant sterols or stanols, on reduction of plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) have been extensively studied. However, their impact on fibrinogen (Fb) concentration and blood platelet function is much less known. Our research involved 42 healthy male students (average age, 23.7 +/- 1.6) who during the research period were subjected to a controlled regime of nutrition and physical activity. After a period of diet stabilization involving 30 g butter daily in 2 servings, the subjects were randomly divided into 2 groups. In the first group, the butter was replaced by the same quantity of PUFA margarine, while the second group received margarine with added plant sterols instead of butter. The subjects consuming margarine with sterols showed a significant (11%) decrease in LDL-C (P<.001). Margarine rich in PUFA caused a 6% reduction in LDL-C (P<.01), with a simultaneous 3% reduction in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (P<.001). Both types of margarine increased the concentration of Fb (P<.001), without exceeding the normal medium value of 2.8 g/L. After the consumption of margarine with sterols, the adhesion and aggregation time of blood platelets was significantly prolonged after collagen-epinephrine activation. Margarine with sterols, through its antiplatelet activity and the significant reduction of LDL-C, can play a vital role in the nonpharmacologic prevention of circulatory diseases.
Efficacy of CVD risk factor modification in a lower-middle class community in Pakistan: the Metroville Health Study.; The Metroville Health Study aimed to reduce consumption of total cooking fats by 33%, salt by 25% and replace ghee with vegetable oil in a lower middle class urban community in Pakistan. Households (n=403) were randomly assigned to Intervention and Control groups. A baseline screening collected data on CVD risk factors, knowledge and attitudes and household consumption of cooking fats and salt. Intervention households received information about CVD and regular visits by social workers who measured cooking fats and salt and counselled cooks on the goals of intervention. Two years later, 291 households were re-screened. Intervention households reduced consumption of fats and salt compared to differences were total fat, 48% (p<0.0001); ghee, 37% (p=0.005); vegetable oil, 33% (p=0.0001); and salt, 41% (p=0.011). Household visits by trained social workers were effective in achieving reductions in consumption of cooking fat and salt in a lower class urban community.
Expression of Fas-receptor on basal cell carcinomas after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle.; Treatment with imiquimod 5% cream, capable of inducing interferon (IFN)-alpha, effectively cures basal cell carcinoma (BCC), both clinically and histologically. IFN-alpha induces expression of CD95-receptor (FasR) on BCC cells, which normally fail to express Fas receptor (FasR). Expression of the FasR is postulated to lead to apoptosis via CD95 receptor-CD95 ligand (FasL) interaction. Absence of this receptor may be responsible for the longevity of the cells of BCCs by preventing them undergoing 'suicidal' apoptosis, as well as apoptosis induced by neighbouring BCC cells and/or by infiltrating T-lymphocytes. We examined the expression of FasR on BCC after very short-term exposure to imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle. In a double-blind study, 10 patients with BCC applied either imiquimod (n = 5) or vehicle (n = 5) five times per week for up to 2 weeks. At the end of treatment, the treated area was excised and examined for the presence or absence of FasR by immunoperoxidase staining of rat antihuman FasR with haematoxylin and eosin counterstaining. Histologically, BCC cells were present in all (5/5) of the vehicle-treated BCCs and in 4/5 of the imiquimod-treated BCCs. BCC cells expressed FasR in 3/4 imiquimod-treated BCCs but in none (0/5) of the vehicle-treated tumours. T-lymphocytes apposed to BCC cells were evident in all three imiquimod-treated BCCs expressing FasR and in none of the FasR-negative, vehicle-treated BCCs. Imiquimod-induced FasR-mediated apoptosis may contribute to the effectiveness of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of BCC.
Low glycemic index breakfasts and reduced food intake in preadolescent children.; OBJECTIVE: Recent reports have suggested that a low glycemic index (GI) diet may have a role in the management of obesity through its ability to increase the satiety value of food and modulate appetite. To date, no long-term clinical trials have examined the effect of dietary GI on body weight regulation. The majority of evidence comes from single-day studies, most of which have been conducted in adults. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of 3 test breakfasts-low-GI, low-GI with 10% added sucrose, and high-GI-on ad libitum lunch intake, appetite, and satiety and to compare these with baseline values when habitual breakfast was consumed., METHODS: A 3-way crossover study using block randomization of breakfast type was conducted in a school that already ran a breakfast club. A total of 37 children aged 9 to 12 years (15 boys and 22 girls) completed the study. The proportion of nonoverweight to overweight/obese children was 70:30. Children were divided into 5 groups, and a rolling program was devised whereby, week by week, each group would randomly receive 1 of 3 test breakfasts for 3 consecutive days, with a minimum of 5 weeks between the test breakfasts. Participants acted as their own control. The 3 test breakfasts were devised to match the energy and nutritional content of an individual's habitual breakfast as far as possible. All test breakfasts were composed of fruit juice, cereal, and milk with/without bread and margarine; foods with an appropriate GI value were selected. After each test breakfast, children were instructed not to eat or drink anything until lunchtime, except water and a small serving of fruit supplying approximately 10 g of carbohydrate, which was provided. Breakfast palatability, satiation after breakfast, and satiety before lunch were measured using rating scales based on previously used tools. Lunch was a buffet-style meal, and children were allowed free access to a range of foods. Lunch was served in the school hall where the rest of the schoolchildren were eating. Food intake at lunch was unobtrusively observed and recorded. Leftovers and food swapping were recorded, and plate waste was estimated. Lunch intakes were analyzed using a multilevel regression model for repeated measures data. The likelihood ratio statistic was used to determine whether the type of breakfast eaten had a significant effect on lunch intake after allowing for sex and weight status., RESULTS: The type of breakfast eaten had a statistically significant effect on mean energy intake at lunchtime: lunch intake was lower after low-GI and low-GI with added sucrose breakfasts compared with lunch intake after high-GI and habitual breakfasts (which were high-GI). Overweight and sex did not have a significant effect on lunch intake. Pairwise comparisons among the 3 types of test breakfasts and between each test breakfast and habitual breakfast were made. Lunch intake after the high-GI breakfast was significantly higher than after the low-GI breakfast and low-GI breakfast with added sucrose. The details of the pairwise comparisons were as follows: high-GI versus low-GI = 145 +/- 54 kcal; high-GI versus low-GI plus sucrose = 119 +/- 53 kcal; low-GI plus sucrose versus low-GI = 27 +/- 54 kcal. Lunch intake after the low-GI breakfast and the low-GI breakfast with added sucrose was significantly lower than after the habitual breakfast. The details of the pairwise comparisons were as follows: low-GI versus habitual = -109 +/- 75 kcal; low-GI plus sucrose versus habitual = -83 +/- 75 kcal; high-GI versus habitual = 36 +/- 75 kcal. There were no significant differences between the test breakfasts in immediate satiation. The high-GI breakfasts were rated to be more palatable than the low-GI breakfasts. At lunchtime, hunger ratings were greater after the high-GI breakfast compared with the other 2 test breakfasts on 2 of the 3 experimental days. Prelunch satiety scales were inversely related to subsequent food intake., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that low-GI foods eaten at breakfast have a significant impact on food intake at lunch. This is the first study to observe such an effect in a group of normal and overweight children and adds to the growing body of evidence that low-GI foods may have an important role in weight control and obesity management. The potentially confounding effect of differences in the macronutrient and dietary fiber content of the test breakfasts warrants additional study. In addition, the impact of GI on food intake and body weight regulation in the long term needs to be investigated.
Establishing enteral feeding in preterm infants with feeding intolerance: a randomized controlled study of low-dose erythromycin.; OBJECTIVE: A prospective, double-blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effect of low-dose erythromycin on the time taken to attain full enteral feedings in preterm infants with very low birth weight and feeding intolerance., METHODS: Two groups of preterm infants (birth weight </= 1500 g) with feeding intolerance were randomized to either low-dose erythromycin (5 mg/kg every 8 hours) or 5% dextrose placebo, both of which were discontinued 1 week after full enteral feedings were tolerated. The primary outcome variable was the time taken to attain full enteral feedings of at least 130 mL/kg/d., RESULTS: The gestational age at birth was similar in the two groups (erythromycin, 27.1 +/- 1.9 weeks; placebo, 27.5 +/- 2.9 weeks). The mean birth weight of the erythromycin group was lower (806.3 +/- 215.6 g) than the placebo group (981.4 +/- 285.4 g; P = 0.18), and included more infants who were small for gestational age (4/13 = 31% versus 1/11 = 9%; P = 0.224). There was no difference between the two groups with regard to the volume of feedings they were receiving at the time of enrollment. Reduction in symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux was similar in the two groups. 3 of 13 in the erythromycin group and 4 of 11 in the placebo group improved during the study (P = 0.565). The mean time to attain full enteral feedings after enrollment was 24.9 + 2.9 days in the erythromycin group and 30.8 +/- 4.1 days in the placebo group, a difference that did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.17)., CONCLUSIONS: Low-dose erythromycin did not reduce the time taken to attain full enteral feedings in preterm infants with very low birth weight and feeding intolerance. Gastroesophageal reflux decreased as a consequence of maturation of the gastrointestinal tract and not because of erythromycin. These preliminary results justify verification in larger multicenter trials.
[The impact of plant-sterol supplemented diet on the LDL and oxidized-LDL levels in young men].; As evidenced by clinical trials, sterols and stanols may reduce LDL-cholesterol more potently than the restriction in the dietary intake of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol. So far, in Poland no clinical trials on the preventive applications of plant sterol margarines were conducted. Therefore, the objective of our study was to confirm their utility in primary prevention of cardiovascular disorders in young, healthy men who habitually consume butter. The present study was conducted on 42 healthy men (24.5 +/- 6 yr)--priests students living throughout the study in a boarding house and 4 weeks consumed during the study the same amounts (portions) of all diet elements, and the only difference were the two compared fats used in the study. 31 men consumed daily 15 g of extra butter (30 g/d), and 31 men consumed twice daily 15 g of margarine (30 g/d) with the addition of plant sterol esters amounting to 8 g/100 g of the product. Total cholesterol reduction by 7% (p < 0.001), and above all the LDL reduction by as much as over 11% (p < 0.001) confirm the beneficial effect of sterols on lipid parameters. The first time we observed reduction of oxidized LDL (oxy-LDL) by as much as 21% (p < 0.001) after consumption of margarine with plant sterol. This results suggest that sterols have pleiotropic effects, similar to statins. Our proposal of this results is that sterol have anti-inflammatory effect, probability by reduction of oxysterols from food. Of note is the fact that dietary sterol intake did not cause any changes in the HDL fraction level. Also the observed reduction in the atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C) by over 11% (p < 0.001). On the other hand, the disadvantageous effect of butter-containing diet on blood serum lipids, with a trend towards their increase, was confirmed in the present study. The results obtained indicate a potent hypolipaemic activity of dietary sterol intake in normocholesterolemics young men, and probably that is the one of the important methods of prevention heart disease.
Increasing fluid milk favorably affects bone mineral density responses to resistance training in adolescent boys.; This study examined the effects of increasing milk on bone and body composition responses to resistance training in adolescents. Twenty-eight boys (13 to 17 years of age) were randomly assigned to consume, in addition to their habitual diet, 3 servings/day of 1% fluid milk (n=14) or juice not fortified with calcium (n=14) while engaged in a 12-week resistance-training program. For all subjects combined, there were significant (P<or=.05) changes in height (+0.5%), sigmaseven skin folds (-7.7%), body mass (+2.6%), lean body mass (+5.1%), fat mass (-9.3%), whole-body bone mineral content (+3.6%), bone mineral density (+1.8%), and maximal strength in the squat (+43%) and bench press (+23%). Compared with juice, the milk group had a significantly greater increase in bone mineral density (0.014 vs 0.028 g/cm(2)). Increasing intake of milk in physically active adolescent boys may enhance bone health.
Effect of tartaric acid and dietary fibre from sun-dried raisins on colonic function and on bile acid and volatile fatty acid excretion in healthy adults.; Sun-dried raisins are a source of dietary fibre and tartaric acid. The effects of tartaric acid on colon function have not been the focus of extensive research. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the effects of dietary fibre and tartaric acid from sun-dried raisins on colon function and on faecal bile acid and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) excretion in healthy adults. Thirteen healthy subjects were fed 120 g sun-dried raisins/d or 5 g cream of tartar (equivalent to the tartaric acid in 120 g sun-dried raisins)/d for 9 weeks, divided into 3-week cycles. The experimental diets were fed in a crossover design after an initial control period. Faeces were collected for the last 4 d of each cycle for analysis of SCFA and bile acids. Intestinal transit time decreased from 42 h on the baseline diet to 31 h on cream of tartar (P<0.1) and to 28 h on sun-dried raisins (P<0.05). Faeces were softer on both sun-dried raisins and cream of tartar, but sun-dried raisins increased faecal wet weight (P<0.05), while cream of tartar did not. Sun-dried raisins caused significant reductions from baseline values in total bile acid concentration (from 1.42 (SD 1.03) to 1.09 (SD 0.76) mg/g, P<0.05), whereas cream of tartar did not (1.40 (SD 1.06) mg/g). Sun-dried raisins also significantly reduced the lithocholic (LC):deoxylithocholic acid (DC) ratio (from 1.63 (SD 0.85) to 1.09 (SD 0.50), P<0.02), whereas cream of tartar reduced the ratio, but to a lesser extent (1.29 (SD 0.79), NS). Both faecal bile acids and the LC:DC ratio are indicators of reduced risk for colon cancer. Sun-dried raisins increased total SCFA excretion (from 5.6 (SD 3.4) to 7.6 (SD 3.0) g/4 d, P<0.05), which remained unchanged with cream of tartar (5.6 (SD 3.0) g/4 d). Both sun-dried raisins and cream of tartar appear to be good stool softeners and to shorten intestinal transit time, although the fibre in sun-dried raisins has the added benefit of increasing faecal weight. Both sun-dried raisins and cream of tartar modulate the composition of faecal bile acids and SCFA in a way that has potential health benefits.
Changes in serum concentrations of noncholesterol sterols and lipoproteins in healthy subjects do not depend on the ratio of plant sterols to stanols in the diet.; Consumption of plant sterols or stanols increases their respective serum concentrations, whereas plant sterols might reduce serum concentrations of plant stanols and vice versa. This suggests that changes in serum plant sterol and stanol concentrations depend on the ratio of plant sterols to stanols in the diet. To examine this in more detail, healthy men (n = 15) and women (n = 29) consumed in random order for 3 wk 1.5 g/d of plant sterols plus 0.5 g of plant stanols (high sterol margarine), 1 g of each (low sterol margarine) or control margarine. Sterols and stanols were provided as fatty acid esters. Compared with the control period, serum cholesterol-standardized campesterol and sitosterol concentrations increased by 33 (P < 0.001) and 19% (P < 0.002), respectively, during the high sterol period, but by only 20 (P < 0.001) and 11% (P = 0.001), respectively, during the low sterol period. During the high sterol period, these values for campestanol and sitostanol were 18 (P = 0.063) and 1% (P = 0.630), and during the low sterol period 25 (P = 0.105) and 7% (P = 0.163), respectively. Effects on LDL cholesterol were similar. We therefore conclude that changes in serum plant sterol and stanol concentrations are not greatly affected by the simultaneous consumption of plant sterols and plant stanols, but are proportional to intakes. Furthermore, both mixtures were equally effective in lowering serum LDL cholesterol concentrations.
Effect of different forms of dietary hydrogenated fats on LDL particle size.; BACKGROUND: Dietary trans fatty acids (FAs), which are formed during the process of hydrogenating vegetable oil, are known to increase plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations. However, their effect on LDL particle size has yet to be investigated., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of trans FA consumption on the electrophoretic characteristics of LDL particles., DESIGN: Eighteen women and 18 men each consumed 5 experimental diets in random order for 35-d periods. Fat represented 30% of total energy intake in each diet, with two-thirds of the fat in the form of semiliquid margarine (0.6 g trans FAs/100 g fat), soft margarine (9.4 g trans FAs/100 g fat), shortening (13.6 g trans FAs/100 g fat), stick margarine (26.1 g trans FAs/100 g fat), or butter, which was low in trans FAs (2.6 g trans FAs/100 g fat) but rich in saturated fat. LDL particle size and distribution were characterized by nondenaturing, 2-16% polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis., RESULTS: Relative to the LDL particle size observed after consumption of the butter-enriched diet, LDL particle size decreased significantly and in a dose-dependent fashion with increasing amounts of dietary trans FAs (P < 0.001). Cholesterol concentrations in large (> 260 A) and medium-sized (255-260 A) LDL particles also increased proportionately to the amount of trans FAs in the diet., CONCLUSION: Consumption of dietary trans FAs is associated with a deleterious increase in small, dense LDL, which further reinforces the importance of promoting diets low in trans FAs to favorably affect the lipoprotein profile.
Effects of milk products fermented by Bifidobacterium longum on blood lipids in rats and healthy adult male volunteers.; The effects of milk products fermented by Bifidobacterium longum strain BL1, a probiotic strain, on blood lipids in rats and humans were studied. Rats were fed a cholesterol-enriched experimental diet, supplemented with lyophilized powders of 1) acid milk (control), 2) milk fermented with a mixed culture of ordinary yogurt starters composed of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (SL), and 3) bifidobacterium milk fermented with the probiotic B. longum strain BL1, respectively. The bifidobacterium milk feeding brought about significant lowering of the serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides, in comparison with the control, while no change in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was observed. On the other hand, supplementation with SL milk resulted in only slight, nonsignificant decreases in serum lipid concentrations in comparison with the control. In the human study, 32 subjects with serum total cholesterol ranging from 220 to 280 mg/dl were randomly assigned to two treatments: 1) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with ordinary yogurt starters composed of S. thermophilus and L. delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (P-group) and 2) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with the two ordinary yogurt starters plus B. longum strain BL1 (B-group). After intake for 4 wk at 3 x 100 ml/day, reduction of serum total cholesterol was observed in approximately half of the B-group subjects; a particularly significant decrease in serum total cholesterol was found among subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia (serum total cholesterol > 240 mg/dl). However, the serum lipid concentrations in the P-group subjects were almost stable during the experimental periods. The present results indicate the potential of the probiotic B. longum strain BL1 in serum lipid improvement.
Randomised controlled trial and economic evaluation of podophyllotoxin solution, podophyllotoxin cream, and podophyllin in the treatment of genital warts.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and cost effectiveness of self applied podophyllotoxin 0.5% solution and podophyllotoxin 0.15% cream, compared to clinic applied 25% podophyllin in the treatment of genital warts over 4 weeks., METHODS: We conducted a randomised controlled trial in 358 immunocompetent men and women with genital warts of 3 months' duration or less., RESULTS: In the principal analysis both podophyllotoxin solution (OR 2.93, 95% CI 1.56 to 5.50) and podophyllotoxin cream (OR 1.97, 95% CI 1.04 to 3.70) were associated with significantly increased odds of remission of all warts compared to podophyllin. We performed two further analyses. When subjects defaulting from follow up were assumed to have been cured odds of remission of all warts were also significantly increased both for podophyllotoxin solution (OR 3.04, 95% CI 1.68 to 5.49) and for podophyllotoxin cream (OR 2.46, 95% CI 1.38 to 4.40). When subjects defaulting from follow up were assumed not to have been cured odds of remission of all warts were significantly increased for podophyllotoxin solution (OR 1.92, 95% CI 1.13 to 3.27), but not for podophyllotoxin cream (OR 1.17, 95% CI 0.69 to 2.00). Local side effects were seen in 24% of subjects, and recurrence of warts within 12 weeks of study entry in 43% of all initially cleared subjects, without statistically significant differences between the treatment groups. Direct, indirect, and total costs were similar across the three treatment groups. Podophyllotoxin solution was the most cost effective treatment, followed by podophyllotoxin cream, with podophyllin treatment being the least cost effective., CONCLUSIONS: Self treatment of anogenital warts with podophyllotoxin showed greater efficacy and cost effectiveness than clinic based treatment with podophyllin.
n-3 long-chain FA decrease serum levels of TG and remnant-like particle-cholesterol in humans.; A large number of papers have reported that administration of n-3 FA reduced serum TG concentrations in hypertriglyceridemic patients. However, few studies have examined the effect of n-3 FA on serum concentrations of remnant-like particle (RLP) cholesterol. Volunteers (n = 41) whose serum TG concentrations were 100-300 mg/dL were recruited and randomly assigned to either an n-3 FA group or a control group with stratification by sex, age, and serum TG level in a double-blind manner. The subjects in the n-3 FA group were administered 125 mL of fermented soybean milk with fish oil containing 600 mg of EPA and 260 mg of DHA/d for 12 wk. The controls consumed control soybean milk with olive oil. Fasting blood samples were obtained before the start of administration and at 4, 8, and 12 wk. EPA concentrations in red blood cells increased significantly in all but one subject in the n-3 FA group, with no significant changes in the control group. TG levels decreased more in the n-3 FA group than in the control group at weeks 4 (P < 0.05), 8 (P < 0.01), and 12 (P < 0.05) with their baseline as covariate. RLP cholesterol levels decreased more in the n-3 FA group than in the control at weeks 8 (P < 0.01) and 12 (P < 0.05) with their baseline as covariate. The groups did not differ in the other lipid levels. It is likely that n-3 long-chain FA may exert anti-atherosclerotic effects by lowering serum TG and RLP-cholesterol levels even at the dose of 860 mg/d.
Effect of a high-protein, energy-restricted diet on body composition, glycemic control, and lipid concentrations in overweight and obese hyperinsulinemic men and women.; BACKGROUND: It is not clear whether varying the protein-to-carbohydrate ratio of weight-loss diets benefits body composition or metabolism., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the effects of 2 weight-loss diets differing in protein-to-carbohydrate ratio on body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, and markers of bone turnover., DESIGN: A parallel design included either a high-protein diet of meat, poultry, and dairy foods (HP diet: 27% of energy as protein, 44% as carbohydrate, and 29% as fat) or a standard-protein diet low in those foods (SP diet: 16% of energy as protein, 57% as carbohydrate, and 27% as fat) during 12 wk of energy restriction (6-6.3 MJ/d) and 4 wk of energy balance ( approximately 8.2 MJ/d). Fifty-seven overweight volunteers with fasting insulin concentrations > 12 mU/L completed the study., RESULTS: Weight loss (7.9 +/- 0.5 kg) and total fat loss (6.9 +/- 0.4 kg) did not differ between diet groups. In women, total lean mass was significantly (P = 0.02) better preserved with the HP diet (-0.1 +/- 0.3 kg) than with the SP diet (-1.5 +/- 0.3 kg). Those fed the HP diet had significantly (P < 0.03) less glycemic response at weeks 0 and 16 than did those fed the SP diet. After weight loss, the glycemic response decreased significantly (P < 0.05) more in the HP diet group. The reduction in serum triacylglycerol concentrations was significantly (P < 0.05) greater in the HP diet group (23%) than in the SP diet group (10%). Markers of bone turnover, calcium excretion, and systolic blood pressure were unchanged., CONCLUSION: Replacing carbohydrate with protein from meat, poultry, and dairy foods has beneficial metabolic effects and no adverse effects on markers of bone turnover or calcium excretion.
Non-esterified plant sterols solubilized in low fat milks inhibit cholesterol absorption--a stable isotope double-blind crossover study.; BACKGROUND: The cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of plant sterols in milks are unknown. The milk fat globule membrane components may enhance the absorption of cholesterol and could make plant sterols less efficient in this complex matrix., AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate in hypercholesterolemic men the cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of verified properly solubilized, non-esterified plant sterols in partly vegetable oil containing milks., METHODS: The plant sterols in milk were determined to be properly solubilized, and to have effective in vitro functionality. Sixteen hypercholesterolemic adult men (initial total cholesterol 5.8-8.6 mM) then consumed milk containing sterols (1.8 g of non-esterified pure plant sterols/d) and control milk, alternatively, during two 6-day periods in a double blind cross over design. During the trial, cholesterol absorption was evaluated from the ratio of plasma isotopic enrichment of [26, 26, 26, 27, 27, 27-(2)H(6)]cholesterol from oral intake (35.6 +/- 0.2 micromol, +/- SEM) over enrichment of [23, 24, 25, 26, 27-(13)C(5)]cholesterol from intravenous injection (77.9 +/- 0.5 micromol)., RESULTS: Plant sterols in low fat milks contained very few crystals > 11 microm in the presence and absence of bile salts and lysophospholipids, and inhibited cholesterol uptake in Caco-2 cell. This assured that the sterols were properly solubilized prior to the clinical trial. In the clinical study, compliance of volunteers was excellent. After tracer injections (72 h), the plasma [(2)H] and [(13)C] isotopic enrichments changed from 0.024 +/- 0.001 and 0.072 +/- 0.003 MPE (control) to 0.015 +/- 0.001 and 0.074 +/- 0.002 MPE during sterol treatment, respectively. Cholesterol absorption was reduced from 70.1 +/- 4.2 % with control to 41.1 +/- 4.0 % with milks containing plant sterol (P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that properly solubilized non-esterified plant sterols in milks significantly inhibit cholesterol absorption in mildly hypercholesterolemic men.
Nutritional variation and cardiovascular risk factors in Tanzania--rural-urban difference.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between dietary factors and cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors in middle-aged men and women, in urban, rural and pastoral settings in Tanzania., DESIGN: Cross-sectional epidemiological study designed according to the protocol of the World Health Organisation (WHO) Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) study., SETTING: Three centres in Tanzania, namely Dar es Salaam (urban), Handeni (rural) and Monduli (pastoral population)., SUBJECTS: The subjects, aged 47-57 years, were recruited randomly from administrative lists available from each centre., OUTCOME MEASURES: Blood pressure (BP) was measured using a centrally calibrated automatic BP machine (Khi machine). Dietary history of the participants was obtained using a standard questionnaire designed on the basis of a seven-day recall system. Height, weight, serum total cholesterol (TC) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), haemoglobin A1c, sodium, potassium and magnesium were measured., RESULTS: The prevalence of hypertension (BP > or = 140/90 mmHg or antihypertensive drug use), obesity (body mass index (BMI) > or = 30 kg/m2) and hypercholesterolaemia (TC > 5.2 mmol/l) were lowest in the rural area. Consumption of green vegetables, milk, coconut milk, meat, and fish varied significantly between the three areas. Important determinants for BP among men were BMI (p < 0.001), and salt intake (p < 0.05). Among women, TC (p < 0.05), age (p < 0.05), BMI (p < 0.001) and coconut milk consumption (p < 0.001) were important BP determinants. Salt intake was positively associated with systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) in men but not among women (both SBP and DBP p < 0.05 respectively). Dietary determinants of serum TC were meat, fish and green vegetable consumption., CONCLUSION: Differences in dietary habits contributed significantly to the urban-rural-pastoral variations in CVD risk pattern in Tanzania.
Effects of plant-based diets high in raw or roasted almonds, or roasted almond butter on serum lipoproteins in humans.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the lipid-altering effect of roasted salted almonds and roasted almond butter with that of raw almonds, as part of a plant-based diet., METHODS: Thirty-eight free-living, hypercholesterolemic men (n = 12) and women (n = 26) with a mean total serum cholesterol (TC) of 245 + 29 mg/dL (mean + SD) followed a heart-healthy diet including 100g of one of three forms of almonds: roasted salted almonds, roasted almond butter or raw almonds for four weeks. Measurements of serum TC, triglycerides (TG), selected lipoproteins and blood pressure were taken at baseline and after four weeks., RESULTS: All three forms of almonds in the context of a heart-healthy diet significantly lowered low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL) from baseline to the completion of the study. Both raw and roasted almonds significantly lowered TC, whereas the decrease by almond butter (in a smaller cohort) did not reach statistical significance. High-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL) did not significantly change with raw or roasted almonds but slightly increased with almond butter. At the end of the study, blood pressure did not change significantly from baseline values for any of the groups., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that unblanched almonds-whether raw, dry roasted, or in roasted butter form-can play an effective role in cholesterol-lowering, plant-based diets.
Infant nutrition and blood pressure in early adulthood: the Barry Caerphilly Growth study.; BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that environmental factors acting early in life may affect blood pressure in adulthood., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test the hypothesis that dried formula milk (derived from cow milk) intake in infancy is positively associated with blood pressure in early adulthood., DESIGN: We conducted a long-term follow-up (1997-1999) of the Barry Caerphilly Growth study cohort (1972-1974) into which mothers and their offspring had originally been randomly assigned to receive a milk supplement or usual care. Participants were the offspring, who were aged 23-27 y at follow-up. The main outcome measures were systolic and diastolic blood pressure., RESULTS: The social and demographic characteristics of the subjects who were (n = 679) and were not (n = 272) followed up were similar. For each increase in quartile of dried milk consumption (in oz) at 3 mo of age, there was a 1.28-mm Hg (95% CI: 0.46, 2.10 mm Hg) increase in systolic and a 0.63-mm Hg (95% CI: 0.04, 1.22 mm Hg) increase in diastolic blood pressure after adjustment for sex, intervention group, birth weight z scores, social class in childhood, age at follow-up, alcohol consumption, and pack-years of smoking. These coefficients were attenuated when adult body mass index and height were included in the models, but the association of dried milk consumption at 3 mo of age with systolic pressure remained significant (1.07 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.27, 1.87 mm Hg)., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings are consistent with the hypothesis that high blood pressure in later life is influenced by early postnatal nutrition. Thus, interventions to optimize infant nutrition may have important long-term health benefits.
Safety of long-term consumption of plant sterol esters-enriched spread.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate both efficacy and safety in humans of long-term consumption of spreads containing plant sterol esters., DESIGN: Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled parallel trial., SUBJECTS: Hundred and eighty-five healthy volunteers (35-64 y)., INTERVENTION: Volunteers daily consumed 20 g spread enriched with 1.6 g plant sterols as fatty acid esters or a control spread for 1 y. They continued their habitual diet and lifestyle. Outcome measures included efficacy markers such as total and LDL-cholesterol, a large range of safety parameters, and reporting of adverse events., RESULTS: Consumption of the plant sterol ester-enriched spread consistently lowered total and LDL cholesterol during the 1 y period on average by 4 and 6%, respectively (0.01 < P < 0.05). Plant sterols intake did on average not result in a lower carotenoid concentration (when expressed per LDL-cholesterol) after 52 weeks (P>0.05). However, carotenoid concentrations changed over time. Plant sterols intake reduced lipid adjusted alpha- and beta-carotene-concentrations by only 15-25% after 1 y, relative to control. Lipid-adjusted fat-soluble vitamin concentrations remained unchanged. Plant sterol concentrations in serum were increased from 2.76 to 5.31 ( micro mol/mmol total cholesterol) for campesterol (P<0.0001) and from 1.86 to 2.47 ( micro mol/mmol total cholesterol) for beta-sitosterol (P<0.0001). The increase in total plant sterol concentration in red blood cells (5.29-9.62 micro g/g) did not affect red blood cell deformability. Hormone levels in males (free and total testosterone) and females (luteinizing hormone, follicle stimulating hormone, beta-estradiol and progesterone) as well as all clinical chemical and hematological parameters measured were unaffected. Adverse events reported were not different between subjects consuming control spread and subjects consuming plant sterol esters-enriched spread., CONCLUSION: Consumption of a plant sterol esters-enriched spread is an effective way to consistently lower blood cholesterol concentrations and is safe to use over a long period of time.
Red cell and plasma plant sterols are related during consumption of plant stanol and sterol ester spreads in children with hypercholesterolemia.; OBJECTIVE: To show whether the ratios of squalene and cholesterol precursor sterols to cholesterol and cholestanol and plant sterols to cholesterol change differently in plasma and especially in the red cells of hypercholesterolemic children during consumption of plant stanol and sterol ester spreads., STUDY DESIGN: In a randomized, double-blind, crossover study, hypercholesterolemic children (n = 23) consumed low-fat plant stanol and sterol ester spreads for 5-week periods separated by a 5-week washout period. Plasma and red cell lipids, squalene, and noncholesterol sterols were measured before and at the end of each period., RESULTS: The plant stanol and sterol ester spreads lowered plasma total (-9% and -6%, respectively) and low-density lipoprotein (-12% and -9%) cholesterol but had no effect on red cell cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or plasma triglycerides. The ratios of plasma and red cell sitosterol and campesterol to cholesterol decreased by 32% to 36% (P <.001) with the plant stanol ester and increased by 40% to 52% (P <.001) with the sterol ester spread., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of plant sterols increases and consumption of plant stanols decreases the ratios of plant sterols to cholesterol in red cells of hypercholesterolemic children proportionately to the respective changes in plasma.
Sunscreen use and skin protection behavior on the Belgian beach.; BACKGROUND: Public health campaigns encourage the public to protect themselves against skin cancer by using sunscreens and taking other protective measures. However, it is difficult to estimate the level of awareness among the general public., METHODS: This study explores the prevalence and predictors of solar protection behavior in a community sample of beachgoers. During the months of May, June, July and August 2001 a total of 360 participants (145 men and 215 women) were randomly selected from several Belgian beaches in and around the city of Ostend, Belgium. The solar protection behavior of each participant was assessed by direct observation and interview., RESULTS: The risk awareness percentages were 70.6% for skin cancer, 60.8% for sunburn and 25.0% for skin aging. These percentages were considerably higher in the female participant group than in the male group. Sunscreen cream was the most popular preventive behavior, especially in the female population, whereas the alternative protective measures (limited exposure during peak sun hours, the use of shade and the use of protective clothing and hats) were more popular in the male group., CONCLUSIONS: While solar protection has become part of routine beach behavior, there is room for improvement by more frequent application of sunscreen cream, the use of a higher sun protection factor (SPF) (15+), timed sunbathing, more use of clothing and hats and more seeking of shade. The results of this study can assist in evaluating the effectiveness of current sun-protection campaigns and health education programs.
Iron status at 12 months of age -- effects of body size, growth and diet in a population with high birth weight.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate effects of growth and food intake in infancy on iron status at the age of 12 months in a population with high birth weight and high frequency of breast-feeding., DESIGN: In a longitudinal observational study infants' consumption and growth were recorded. Weighed 2 day food records at the ages of 6, 9 and 12 months were used to analyse food and nutrient intake., SETTING: Healthy-born participants were recruited from four maternity wards. Blood samples and growth data were collected from healthcare centres and food consumption data at home., SUBJECTS: Newborn infants (n=180) were selected randomly according to the mother's domicile and 77% (n=138) participated, of them, 83% (n=114), or 63% of original sample, came in for blood sampling., RESULTS: Every fifth child was iron-deficient (serum ferritin <12 microg/l and mean corpuscular volume<74 fl) and 2.7% were also anaemic (Hb<105 g/l). Higher weight gain from 0 to 12 months was seen in infants who were iron-deficient at 12 months (6.7+/-0.9 kg) than in non-iron-deficient infants (6.2+/-0.9 kg) (P=0.050). Serum transferrin receptors at 12 months were positively associated with length gain from 0 to 12 months (adjusted r(2)=0.14; P=0.045) and mean corpuscular volume negatively to ponderal index at birth (adjusted r(2)=0.14; P=0.019) and 12 months (adjusted r(2)=0.17; P=0.006). Iron-deficient infants had shorter breast-feeding duration (5.3+/-2.2 months) than non-iron-deficient (7.9+/-3.2 months; P=0.001). Iron status indices were negatively associated with cow's milk consumption at 9-12 months, significant above 460 g/day, but were positively associated with iron-fortified breakfast cereals, fish and meat consumption., CONCLUSIONS: In a population of high birth weight, iron deficiency at 12 months is associated with faster growth and shorter breast-feeding duration from 0 to 12 months of age. The results suggest that a diet of 9-12-month-olds should avoid cow's milk above 500 g/day and include fish, meat and iron-fortified breakfast cereals to improve iron status.
Influence of triacylglycerol structure on the postprandial response of factor VII to stearic acid-rich fats.; BACKGROUND: The consumption of a synthetic, randomized, stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol results in decreased postprandial lipemia and activated factor VII (FVII:a) compared with cocoa butter (a nonrandomized, symmetrical, stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol). It was hypothesized that this difference is a consequence of the differences in structure between the 2 triacylglycerols., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test whether the consumption of randomized cocoa butter decreases postprandial lipemia and FVII:a., DESIGN: A randomized crossover trial with 17 male subjects compared the effects of meals containing 50 g fat provided as a symmetrical (cocoa butter) or an asymmetrical (randomized cocoa butter) triacylglycerol on postprandial changes in lipids, chylomicron composition, and FVII:a., RESULTS: After randomization, the postprandial area under the curve for plasma triacylglycerol decreased by 41% (P < 0.01). At 3 h the plasma concentrations of triacylglycerol, palmitic acid, stearic acid, and oleic acid were 26%, 18%, 34%, and 19% lower, respectively. The proportion of oleic acid in the sn-2 position of the chylomicron triacylglycerol was reduced from 67.4 mol% to 35.9 mol% and resulted in an increase in the proportion of stearic acid in the sn-2 position from 9.2 mol% to 25.4 mol%. FVII:a did not increase 6 h after consumption of the randomized cocoa butter (: 1.2; 95% CI: -2.7, 4.6 U/L) but increased significantly (: 7.7; 95% CI: 2.5,12.9 U/L) 6 h after consumption of the unrandomized cocoa butter., CONCLUSIONS: Symmetrical stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol with oleic acid in the sn-2 position appears to be absorbed more rapidly than is asymmetrical triacylglycerols with long-chain saturated fatty acids in the sn-2 position, which leads to activation of FVII.
A phytosterol-enriched spread improves the lipid profile of subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus--a randomized controlled trial under free-living conditions.; BACKGROUND: Phytosterol-enriched margarines are known to significantly lower total and LDL cholesterol, but little is known about the effect of such margarines in subjects with type 2 diabetes., AIM OF THE STUDY: Investigation of the effect of a phytosterol-enriched spread in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus on serum lipids, Hb(A1c), and blood glucose under free-living conditions., METHODS: Randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical trial in two parallel groups over 12 weeks; 85 type 2 diabetic patients with serum LDL cholesterol levels >/= 3.60 mmol/l and without hypolipidemic medication were included in the study. Participants consumed 2 x 10 g of spread with or without 8 % phytosterol-esters daily. Fasting blood samples were analyzed at 0, 4, 8, and 12 weeks., RESULTS: After 4 weeks, total and LDL cholesterol were significantly reduced in the phytosterol group by 5.2 % and 6.8 %, respectively, compared to baseline (p < 0.05). After 8 and 12 weeks, these reductions became smaller and were not significant any more compared to baseline or between the groups, but a repeated measurement analysis demonstrated a significant difference for both variables between the two groups (each p < 0.05). HDL cholesterol was significantly increased in the phytosterol group compared to the placebo group after 8 and 12 weeks, but there was no overall difference in the repeated measurement analysis between the two groups. In the phytosterol group, there was a small reduction in Hb(A1c) compared to the control group which was only significant after 4 weeks., CONCLUSIONS: This clinical study shows that a phytosterol-enriched spread is effective in lowering total and LDL cholesterol in subjects with type 2 diabetes but also illustrates the difficult maintenance under free-living conditions over time. Although this effect is modest, it may contribute to decreasing the elevated risk of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes.
Blood-pressure-lowering effect of a novel fermented milk containing gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in mild hypertensives.; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of a new fermented milk product containing GABA (FMG) on the blood pressure (BP) of patients with mild hypertension., DESIGN: A randomized, placebo-controlled, single-blind trial., SETTING: The study was carried out at the outpatient clinic of the Cardiovascular Disease Center, Tokyo Metropolitan Police Hospital, Japan., SUBJECTS: The study population comprised 39 mildly hypertensive patients (16 women and 23 men) aged 28-81 y (mean, 54.2 y)., INTERVENTIONS: The study consisted of a 12-week period of daily intake of FMG or placebo (weeks 1-12) followed by 2 weeks of no intake (weeks 13 and 14). We measured the peripheral BP and heart rate of seated patients at weeks 0, 2, 4, 8, 12 and 14. Routine blood study and urinalysis were performed before and after the intake., RESULTS: There was a significant decrease of BP within 2 or 4 weeks, and it remained decreased throughout the 12-week intake period. For the FMG recipients, the mean decrease after 12 weeks was 17.4+/-4.3 mmHg in the systolic BP (SBP) and 7.2+/-5.7 mmHg in the diastolic BP (DBP). Both of these values differed statistically from baseline levels (P<0.01), and the SBP of the FMG group differed from the placebo group (P<0.05). Heart rate, body weight, hematological and blood chemistry variables, and urinalysis results (glucosuria and proteinuria) did not vary both groups throughout the study., CONCLUSION: FMG may contribute to lowering BP in mildly hypertensive people.
Randomized double-blind study of the nutritional efficacy and bifidogenicity of a new infant formula containing partially hydrolyzed protein, a high beta-palmitic acid level, and nondigestible oligosaccharides.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to evaluate the nutritional efficacy and bifidogenic characteristics of a new infant formula containing partially hydrolyzed whey protein, modified vegetable oil with a high beta-palmitic acid content, prebiotic oligosaccharides, and starch., METHODS: In a double-blind study, healthy formula-fed term infants aged younger than 2 weeks were randomized to receive either the new infant formula (NF) or a standard formula (SF) until the age of 12 weeks. Anthropometric measurements were taken at enrollment, 6 weeks, and 12 weeks. In a subsample of infants, blood samples were taken at 6 weeks and stool samples were taken at enrollment and 6 weeks. Blood samples were analyzed for biochemical measures of protein status and amino acids, and stools were analyzed for total bacteria and bifidobacteria. Mothers completed a feeding diary and questionnaire at 6 and 10 weeks., RESULTS: One hundred fifty-four infants were enrolled in the study; 102 completed the trial. The growth of infants in both formula groups was in line with published growth curves. During the first 6 weeks, NF girls gained more weight and head circumference than the SF girls. These velocity differences were not maintained throughout the 12-week study period. The NF stools had a higher proportion of bifidobacteria at 6 weeks compared with the SF stools, and they were softer. There were no clinically significant differences in the blood biochemical and amino acid values between groups. Both formulas were well tolerated by the infants., CONCLUSIONS: When compared with a standard infant formula, the new formula supported satisfactory growth, led to higher counts of bifidobacteria in the feces, produced blood bio-chemical values typical of formula-fed infants, and was well tolerated.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fats on postprandial lipemia and glucagon-like peptide 1 responses in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is important in the development of coronary artery disease because of elevated postprandial triacylglycerol-rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressed HDL-cholesterol concentrations. We showed in healthy subjects a possible association between postprandial lipid metabolism and the responses of the duodenal incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide after meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid), respectively., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the postprandial responses (8 h) of glucose, insulin, fatty acids, triacylglycerol, gastric inhibitory polypeptide, and GLP-1 to saturated- and monounsaturated-rich test meals., DESIGN: Twelve overweight patients with type 2 diabetes ingested 3 meals randomly: an energy-free soup with 50 g carbohydrate (control meal), the control meal plus 100 g butter, and the control meal plus 80 g olive oil. Triacylglycerol responses were measured in total plasma and in a chylomicron-rich and a chylomicron-poor fraction., RESULTS: No significant differences in the glucose, insulin, or fatty acid responses to the 2 fat-rich meals were seen. The plasma triacylglycerol and chylomicron triacylglycerol responses were highest after the butter meal. HDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly after the butter meal but did not change significantly after the olive oil meal. GLP-1 responses were highest after the olive oil meal., CONCLUSIONS: Olive oil induced lower triacylglycerol concentrations and higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations than did butter, without eliciting significant changes in glucose, insulin, or fatty acids. Furthermore, olive oil induced higher concentrations of GLP-1, which may indicate a relation between fatty acid composition, incretin responses, and triacylglycerol metabolism postprandially in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of oral soy protein on markers of inflammation in postmenopausal women with mild hypercholesterolemia.; BACKGROUND: Nitric oxide (NO) may protect arteries against atherosclerosis, as suggested by experimental studies. Estrogen therapy enhances the bioactivity of NO in the vasculature of healthy postmenopausal women, but is not acceptable for long-term use by many women. Observational studies have demonstrated beneficial cardiovascular effects of soy protein in premenopausal and postmenopausal women. We examined whether the consumption of isolated soy protein may improve markers of vascular inflammation in postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia., METHODS AND RESULTS: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study, 24 postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia received 25 g of soy protein or a placebo daily for 6 weeks, with treatment periods separated by 1 month. Markers of vascular inflammation were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay methods, including: soluble interleukin-2 receptor (sIL-2r), E-selectin, P-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1). There was no effect of soy protein in comparison with placebo on the inflammatory markers: the sIL-2r level was 942.2 +/- 335.3 pg/mL with soy protein and 868.5 +/- 226.9 pg/mL with placebo (P =.311); E-selectin was 39.6 +/- 16.5 ng/mL with soy protein and 42.1 +/- 17.6 ng/mL with placebo (P =.323); P-selectin was 157.9 +/- 67.9 ng/mL with soy protein and 157.5 +/- 47.6 ng/mL with placebo, (P =.977); ICAM-1 was 266.0 +/- 81.3 ng/mL with soy protein and 252.5 +/- 82.7 ng/mL with placebo (P =.435); VCAM-1 was 402.7 +/- 102.1 ng/mL with soy protein and 416.4 +/- 114.8 ng/mL with placebo (P =.53)., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of 25 g of isolated soy protein daily for 6 weeks does not substantially affect markers of vascular inflammation in postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia.
A clinical pharmacological study of the potential beneficial effects of a propolis food product as an adjuvant in asthmatic patients.; The aqueous extract of propolis has been formulated as a nutritional food product and administered, as an adjuvant to therapy, to patients with mild to moderate asthma daily for 2 months in the framework of a comparative clinical study in parallel with a placebo preparation. The diagnosis of asthma was made according to the criteria of patient classification of the National Institutes of Health and Global Initiative for Asthma Management. At inclusion, the pulmonary forced expiratory volume in the first second (FEV1) as a percentage of the forced vital capacity (FVC) was more than 80% in mild persistent cases, and between 60 and 80% in moderate persistent cases, showing an increase in the degree of reversibility of > 15% in FEV1. All patients were on oral theophylline as controller therapy, none was receiving oral or inhaled corticosteroids, none had other comorbidities necessitating medical treatment, and all were from a middle-class community and had suffered from asthma for the last 2-5 years. Twenty-four patients received the placebo, with one drop-out during the study, while 22 received the propolis extract, with no drop-outs. The age range of the patients was 19-52 years; 36 were male and 10 female. The number of nocturnal attacks was recorded on a weekly basis, while pulmonary function tests were performed on all patients at the beginning of the trial, 1 month later and at the termination of the trial. Immunological parameters, including various cytokines and eicosanoids known to play a role in asthma, were measured in all patients at the beginning of the trial and 2 months later. Analysis of the results at the end of the clinical study revealed that patients receiving propolis showed a marked reduction in the incidence and severity of nocturnal attacks and improvement of ventilatory functions. The number of nocturnal attacks dropped from an average of 2.5 attacks per week to only 1. The improvement in pulmonary functions was manifested as a nearly 19% increase in FVC, a 29.5% increase in FEV1, a 30% increase in peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR), and a 41% increase in the forced expiratory flow rate between 25 and 75% of the vital capacity (FEF25-75). The clinical improvement was associated with decreases by 52, 65, 44 and 30%, respectively, of initial values for the pro-inflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, ICAM-1, interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-8, and a 3-fold increase in the 'protective' cytokine IL-10. The levels of prostaglandins E2 and F2alpha and leukotriene D4 were decreased significantly to 36, 39, and 28%, respectively, of initial values. Patients on the placebo preparation showed no significant improvement in ventilatory functions or in the levels of mediators. The findings suggest that the aqueous propolis extract tested is potentially effective as an adjuvant to therapy in asthmatic patients. The benefits may be related to the presence in the extract of caffeic acid derivatives and other active constituents.
Plant sterol-enriched spread enhances the cholesterol-lowering potential of a fat-reduced diet.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of a plant sterol-enriched spread on plasma cholesterol concentrations when replacing butter or a standard polyunsaturated spread in a diet containing 30% of energy fat., DESIGN: Parallel butter phase followed by double-blind, randomized, cross-over polyunsaturated spread phases., SETTING: General community., SUBJECTS: Volunteer sample of 50 free-living men and women with mean age (s.d.) 46.7 y (10.5), moderately elevated plasma total cholesterol 5.95 mmol/l (0.78), and body mass index 26.0 (3.9) kg/m(2)., INTERVENTION: Participants ate a moderately low-fat diet (30% of energy) for the 11-week intervention. During the first 3 weeks the diet included 20 g per day of butter. Participants were then randomized to replace the butter with 25 g of polyunsaturated spread with or without 2 g of plant sterols for 4 weeks, crossing over in the last 4 weeks to the alternate spread., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma cholesterol and fatty acids., RESULTS: Replacing butter with a standard polyunsaturated fat spread reduced mean plasma total cholesterol concentrations by 4.6% (from 6.09 (0.82) to 5.81 (0.77) mmol/l, P<0.01) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 5.5% (from 3.98 (0.76) to 3.76 (0.74) mmol/l, P<0.05). Replacing butter with a polyunsaturated spread containing plant sterols reduced plasma total cholesterol by 8.9% (from 6.09 (0.82) to 5.55 (0.76) mmol/l, P<0.01) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 12.3% (from 3.98 (0.76) to 3.49 (0.72) mmol/l, P<0.01). Plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was the same on the three diets., CONCLUSION: In people with moderately raised plasma cholesterol concentrations consuming reduced-fat diets the reduction in plasma total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations achieved by replacing butter with a polyunsaturated spread is enhanced by addition of plant sterols.
Human exposure to dioxins through the diet in Catalonia, Spain: carcinogenic and non-carcinogenic risk.; The main objectives of this study were to estimate the dietary intake of dioxins by the population of Catalonia, Spain, to determine which food groups showed the greatest contribution to this intake, and to assess the health risks potentially associated with the dietary dioxin intake. From June to August 2000, food samples were randomly acquired in seven cities of Catalonia. Dioxin concentrations were determined in 108 samples belonging to the following groups: vegetables, fruits, pulses, cereals, fish and shellfish, meats and meat products, eggs, milk and dairy products, and oils and fats. Estimates of average daily food consumption were obtained from recent studies. Total dietary intake of dioxins for the general population of Catalonia was estimated to be 95.4 pg WHO-TEQ/day (78.4 pg I-TEQ/day), with fish and shellfish (31%), diary products (25%), cereals (14%) and meat (13%) showing the greatest percentages of contribution to dioxin intake. The contribution of all the rest of food groups to the total dietary intake was under 20%. The non-carcinogenic risk index of dioxin intake through the diet was in the range 0.34-1.36, while the carcinogenic risk level was 1,360 excess cancer over a lifetime of 70 years. Our results corroborate the decreasing tendency in dietary intake of dioxins found in recent studies (2000-2001) from various countries.
A fermented milk high in bioactive peptides has a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects.; BACKGROUND: Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE; EC 3.4.15.1) plays a dual role in the regulation of hypertension: it catalyzes the production of the vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and it inactivates the vasodilator bradykinin. By inhibiting these processes, ACE inhibitors have antihypertensive effects. Peptides derived from milk proteins can have ACE-inhibiting properties and may thus be used as antihypertensive components., OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the long-term blood pressure-lowering effect of milk fermented by Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H in hypertensive subjects., DESIGN: In a randomized placebo-controlled study, 39 hypertensive patients received 150 mL/d of either L. helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk or a control product for 21 wk after a 2-wk run-in period. During the run-in period, the average baseline diastolic and systolic blood pressure values were 155 and 97 mm Hg, respectively, in the test product group and 152 and 96 mm Hg, respectively, in the control group. After the run-in period, blood pressure was measured at home on the same day every week with the use of an automatic blood pressure recorder., RESULTS: There was a mean difference of 6.7 +/- 3.0 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.030) and of 3.6 +/- 1.9 mm Hg (P = 0.059) in diastolic blood pressure between the test product and control groups. Demographic factors had no significant effect on the responses., CONCLUSION: L. helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk containing bioactive peptides in normal daily use has a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects.
Continuous nasogastric milk feeding versus intermittent bolus milk feeding for premature infants less than 1500 grams.; BACKGROUND: Most premature infants less than 1500 grams birth weight must be fed initially by tube because of their inablity to suck effectively, or to coordinate sucking, swallowing and breathing. Milk feedings can be given by tube either intermittently, typically over 10-20 minutes every two or three hours, or continuously, using an infusion pump. Although theoretical benefits and risks of each method have been proposed, effects on clinically important outcomes remain uncertain., OBJECTIVES: To examine the evidence from randomized trials regarding the effectiveness of continuous versus intermittent bolus nasogastric milk feeding in premature infants less than 1500 grams. The primary outcomes reviewed included feeding tolerance, days to reach full enteral feeding, somatic growth, days to discharge and incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC)., SEARCH STRATEGY: Searches were performed of MEDLINE, CINAHL, and HealthSTAR, each up to February 2002, and the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (The Cochrane Library, Issue 1, 2002). As well, studies identified from abstracts and conference proceedings and references from relevant publications were retrieved., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized and quasi-randomized clinical trials that met the following criteria for relevance: a) Enrollment of infants < 1500 grams birth weight with no major congenital anomalies which might interfere with feeding tolerance b) Comparison of continuous nasogastric versus intermittent bolus tube feedings using breastmilk or formula c) Assessment of relevant outcomes including feeding tolerance, days to full feeds, somatic growth, days to discharge, and complications such as NEC or apnea, DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: All articles retrieved from the complete search were assessed independently by the two reviewers for relevance (see selection criteria), and for methodologic quality using the following criteria: blinding of randomization, blinding of intervention, complete follow-up and blinding of outcome measurement. Only those articles judged by both reviewers to be relevant and to have appropriate methodologic quality were included in the analysis. Differences were resolved through discussion and consensus of the reviewers., MAIN RESULTS: Infants fed by continuous tube feeding method took longer to reach full enteral feeds (weighted mean difference 3.0 days; 95% CI 0.7, 5.2). Although there was no evidence of a difference in the days to discharge overall, one study suggested a trend toward earlier discharge for infants less than 1000 grams birth weight fed by the continuous tube feeding method (mean difference (MD) -11 days; 95% CI -21.8, -0.2). Overall, there was no evidence of a difference in somatic growth (weight, length, head circumference or skinfold thickness) between the two groups, but subgroup analyses in one study suggested that infants less than 1000 grams and 1000 - 1250 grams birthweight gained weight faster when fed by the continuous tube feeding method (MD 2.0 g/day; 95% CI 0.5, 3.5; MD 2.0 g/day; 95% CI 0.2, 3.8, respectively). There was no evidence of a difference in the incidence of NEC. One study showed a trend toward more apneas during the study period in infants fed by the continuous tube feeding method (MD 14.0 apneas during study period; 95% CI -0.2, 28.2)., REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: Infants fed by the continuous tube feeding method took longer to reach full feeds, but there was no significant difference in somatic growth, days to discharge, or the incidence of NEC for infants fed by continuous versus intermittent bolus tube feeds. Small sample sizes, methodologic limitations and conflicting results of the studies to date, together with inconsistencies in controlling variables that may affect outcomes, make it difficult to make universal recommendations regarding the best tube feeding method for premature infants less than 1500 grams. The clinical benefits and risks of continuous versus intermittent nasogastric tube milk feeding cannot be reliably discerned from the limited information available from randomized trials to date.
Increased dairy product or calcium intake: is body weight or composition affected in humans?.; To assess the possible impact of increased intakes of dairy products or calcium on body weight or composition, a MEDLINE search was conducted to identify randomized trials of supplementation with calcium or dairy products. Nine studies of dairy product supplementation were located: In seven, no significant differences in the change in body weight or composition were detected between treatment and control groups. However, two studies conducted in older adults observed significantly greater weight gain in the dairy product groups. The interpretation of these findings is complicated by the inability to accurately determine the extent of dietary compensation for the increment in energy intake provided by the added dairy products. This is not an issue in the interpretation of studies of calcium supplementation, of which 17 were identified. Only one study found greater weight loss in the supplemented group; in the remaining studies, changes in body weight and/or body fat were strikingly similar between groups. In conclusion, the data available from randomized trials of dairy product or calcium supplementation provide little support for an effect in reducing body weight or fat mass. However, the studies reviewed were not specifically designed or powered to address this issue; such studies are required.
Overcoming the barrier of lactose intolerance to reduce health disparities.; Federal health goals for the public have focused on reducing health disparities that exist between whites and various racial and ethnic groups. Many of the chronic diseases for which African Americans are at greater risk- hypertension, stroke, colon cancer, and obesity-may be exacerbated by a low intake of calcium and/or other dairy-related nutrients. For example, a low intake of dairy food nutrients, such as calcium, potassium, and magnesium, may contribute to the high risk of hypertension seen in African Americans. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study demonstrated that a low-fat diet rich in fruits and vegetables (8 to 10 servings) and low-fat dairy foods (3 servings) significantly reduced blood pressure-and was twice as effective in African-American participants. Calcium and dairy food consumption is particularly low among African-American, Hispanic, and Asian populations. Average intakes are near the threshold of 600 to 700 mg/day, below which bone loss and hypertension can result. Although lactose intolerance may be partly to blame for the low calcium intakes due to reduced dairy food consumption by minority populations, culturally determined food preferences and dietary practices learned early in life also play a role. The high incidence figures for primary lactose maldigestion among minority groups grossly overestimates the number who will experience intolerance symptoms after drinking a glass of milk with a meal. Randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that by using a few simple dietary strategies, those who maldigest lactose (have low levels of the lactase enzyme) can easily tolerate a dairy-rich diet that meets calcium intake recommendations. Physicians and other health professionals can help their minority patients and the general public understand how to improve calcium nutrition by overcoming the surmountable barrier of lactose intolerance. At the same time they will be helping to reduce the incidence of calcium-related chronic diseases for which minority populations are at high risk.
Randomised controlled trial of novel, simple, and well supervised weight reducing diets in outpatients.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the contribution of novelty and simplicity to compliance with a low energy diet among obese outpatients., DESIGN: Three arm randomised trial for 16 weeks., SETTING: NHS hospital obesity clinic., SUBJECTS: 45 patients aged over 17 years with a body mass index >27 who were not diabetic, pregnant, or lactating., INTERVENTIONS: Conventional 3.4 MJ diet (control), isoenergetic novel diet of milk only, or milk plus one designated food daily. Follow up visit every 4 weeks., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Weight loss., RESULTS: Mean weight loss (kg) after 16 weeks on control, milk only, and milk plus diets was 1.7 (95% confidence interval 0.3 to 3.7), 9.4 (5.9 to 12.9), and 7.0 (2.7 to 11.3) respectively. Weight loss on the novel diets was significantly greater than on the control diet., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary treatment can achieve as much weight loss in obese outpatients over 16 weeks as has been reported for the most successful drug treatment, but compliance with the prescribed diet is poor unless the diet is novel and simple.
Milk thistle for the treatment of liver disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: Milk thistle, an herbal compound, is the dietary supplement taken most frequently by patients with chronic liver disease. We performed a systematic review of the literature to determine the efficacy and safety of this herb for the treatment of liver disease., METHODS: We searched English and non-English reports through July 1999 using thirteen databases and reference lists, and contacting manufacturers and technical experts. Reviewers independently screened all reports to identify randomized placebo-controlled trials that evaluated milk thistle for the treatment of liver disease. Outcomes of primary interest included mortality, histological findings on liver biopsy specimens, serum aminotransferase and albumin levels, and prothrombin times., RESULTS: Fourteen trials met inclusion criteria. Four trials reported outcomes for mortality among 433 participants. The overall summary odds ratio for mortality in the milk thistle group compared with placebo was 0.8 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.5 to 1.5; P = 0.6). Three trials assessed histology on liver biopsy; study quality was inversely associated with the likelihood of histological benefit for milk thistle compared with placebo. There were no differences in serum alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, or albumin levels, or prothrombin times, among participants assigned to milk thistle compared with those assigned to placebo. The only statistically significant difference was a greater reduction in alanine aminotransferase levels among patients with chronic liver disease assigned to milk thistle (-9 IU/L, 95% CI: -18 to -1 IU/L; P = 0.05), but this reduction was of negligible clinical importance and no longer statistically significant after limiting analyses to studies of longer duration or of higher quality. The frequency of adverse effects was low and, in clinical trials, indistinguishable from placebo., CONCLUSION: Treatment with milk thistle appears to be safe and well tolerated. We found no reduction in mortality, in improvements in histology at liver biopsy, or in biochemical markers of liver function among patients with chronic liver disease. Data are too limited to exclude a substantial benefit or harm of milk thistle on mortality, and also to support recommending this herbal compound for the treatment of liver disease.
Soy milk lowers blood pressure in men and women with mild to moderate essential hypertension.; Soy-based diets reduce blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats, but apparently not in hypertensive humans. In the present study, the antihypertensive potential of soy milk (500 mL twice daily) compared with cow's milk was investigated in a 3-mo double-blind randomized study of 40 men and women with mild-to-moderate hypertension. Before initiation of the study, urinary isoflavonoids (measured by HPLC) were undetectable in most cases (for genistein, they were always <100 micromol/L). After 3 mo of soy milk consumption, systolic blood pressure decreased by 18.4 +/- 10.7 mmHg compared with 1.4 +/- 7.2 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001), diastolic blood pressure decreased by 15.9 +/- 9.8 mmHg vs. 3.7 +/- 5.0 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001) and mean blood pressure decreased by 16.7 +/- 9.0 mmHg compared with 3.0 +/- 4.6 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001). Urinary genistein was strongly (r = -0.588) and significantly (P = 0.002) correlated with the decrease in blood pressure, particularly for diastolic values. In conclusion, chronic soy milk consumption had modest, but significant hypotensive action in essential hypertensive subjects. This hypotensive action was correlated with the urinary excretion of the isoflavonoid genistein.
Soy milk with a high glycitein content does not reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterolemia in type II hypercholesterolemic patients.; In order to evaluate acceptability and effectiveness of a partial addition of soy protein to the daily diet in well-established type II hypercholesterolemic individuals, a double-blind study was carried out with a soy milk providing 25 g/day of protein versus an identically formulated cow's milk. Twenty patients with type II hypercholesterolemia, 4 males and 16 females, age range 38-76 years, all with cholesterol levels >7 mmol/l and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol <5.5 mmol/l, were selected. Significant triglyceride elevations (WHO Fredrickson type IIB) were present in 4 patients, and the body mass index was 24.2 +/- 3.47 kg/m(2). Different from prior studies, either with isoflavone-free products or with a moderately isoflavone-rich milk, the milk in the present study did not reduce total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterolemia. A detailed analysis of the composition showed significant differences in the isoflavone content versus products used in prior studies with a positive outcome. Soy milk isoflavones were, in fact, characterized by a high glycitein content and a low genistein/daidzein ratio. Glycitein is a minor component in most soy products, and its role in cholesterol regulation is unclear. In view of the high interest in the use of soy products for the prevention of coronary diseases, the metabolic behavior of different isoflavones in man should be better characterized, and the role of isoflavone composition of soy products given for the control of cholesterolemia needs further clarification. Copyright 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel
Oats and soy in lipid-lowering diets for women with hypercholesterolemia: is there synergy?.; OBJECTIVES: To study possible synergistic effects of oats and soy on reducing total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations in human beings and the efficacy and feasibility of including these adjustments to a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet. SUBJECT/SETTING: One hundred twenty-seven postmenopausal women with moderate hypercholesterolemia were recruited from a large Midwestern workforce and senior centers in the surrounding community. Intervention and clinical visits were conducted in these same facilities., DESIGN: After a 3-week lead-in period on the Step I diet, participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 dietary treatments for an additional 6 weeks: an oats/milk group, a wheat/soy group, an oats/soy group, and a wheat/milk group. Clinical measurements included blood draws, body weight and height, blood pressure, and medical history data. Three-day food records were collected at baseline and Weeks 3 and 9 of the intervention. Randomization was stratified based on the status of hormone replacement therapy and was blocked with sizes 4 or 8 for group assignment., RESULTS: After 3 weeks on the Step I diet, total cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglyceride levels; total fat and saturated fat intake, dietary cholesterol intake, Keys score, and body mass index were all reduced. Following an additional 6 weeks on the Step I diet plus intervention, total cholesterol and LDL-C were further reduced for both the oats/soy group and oats/milk group. There were no significant further changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in the wheat/soy and wheat/milk groups. Body mass index remained stable in all groups from Week 3 to Week 9., APPLICATIONS: Nonpharmacologic dietary interventions like the Step I diet are feasible in a community setting and can produce rapid and significant lipid-lowering benefits. Daily consumption of 2 servings of oats can contribute to further lipid alterations in this population although soy intake at this dose may not. Palatability and convenience are important considerations in achieving dietary adherence.
Effect of soymilk consumption on serum estrogen concentrations in premenopausal Japanese women.; BACKGROUND: Estrogens have been implicated in the development of breast cancer. Preliminary evidence suggests that consumption of soy products, which contain isoflavones (phytoestrogens), can reduce serum estrogen levels. Our purpose was to determine the effect of soy consumption on serum estrogen levels in premenopausal women by use of a dietary intervention approach., METHODS: Premenopausal Japanese women were randomly assigned to receive either a soymilk-supplemented diet (n = 31) or a normal (control) diet (n = 29). The women in the soymilk-supplemented group were asked to consume about 400 mL of soymilk (containing about 109 mg of isoflavones) daily during a study period that involved three consecutive menstrual cycles. Follicular-phase blood samples were to be obtained in the menstrual cycles preceding (cycle 1) and following (cycle 3) the 2-month dietary intervention. All statistical tests were two-sided., RESULTS: At the end of the study period, estrone and estradiol levels were decreased by 23% and 27%, respectively, in the soymilk-supplemented group and were increased by 0.6% and 4%, respectively, in the control group. The changes for each hormone between the two groups were not statistically significantly different. In the soymilk-supplemented group, menstrual cycle length was increased by nearly 2 days, and, in the control group, it was decreased by approximately 1 day, a difference that was not statistically significant. A subgroup analysis restricted to subjects who provided follicular-phase blood samples on the same day or 1 day apart in menstrual cycles 1 and 3 showed a reduction in serum estrone levels in the soymilk-supplemented group that was of borderline statistical significance (P = .07 for change in serum estrone level in soymilk-supplemented group versus control group)., CONCLUSION: Much larger studies will be required to confirm the ability of soy products to reduce serum estrogen levels.
Effects of consumption of oat milk, soya milk, or cow's milk on plasma lipids and antioxidative capacity in healthy subjects.; A drink based on oats has been developed with new technology. In this study the effects of this oat milk, soya milk and cow's milk on plasma lipid, glucose, insulin, and antioxidant status (measured as the ability of serum to suppress the formation of the radical cation ABTS*+) were compared in 24 healthy men and women. Half of the subjects (group A) consumed 0.75-1 liters/day of oat milk and soya milk for 4 weeks each, and the other half (group B) consumed oat milk and cow's milk for two 4-week periods. In the combined groups A plus B the oat milk regimen resulted in decreased plasma cholesterol (4%) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (9%) levels as compared with baseline, but no changes in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) and triglyceride values were observed. Also soya milk consumption resulted in decreased LDL cholesterol concentrations. The only significant plasma lipid change observed during consumption of cow's milk was an increase in HDL cholesterol. No consistent changes in body weight, fasting blood glucose, serum insulin, and antioxidant status occurred after consumption of any milk regimen. A significant correlation between baseline antioxidant status and total plasma cholesterol was found (r = -0.56). It is proposed that the high content of beta-glucans in oat milk was responsible for the decreased plasma cholesterol and LDL cholesterol concentrations, but the effect could also be due to a replacement of saturated fat in the customary diet by unsaturated fat. It is concluded that oat milk can be used as an alternative to other milk drinks by subjects who would benefit from reduced LDL cholesterol values.
Lecithin has no effect on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen and macro molecular protein complex levels in hyperlipidaemic men in a double-blind controlled study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of lecithin on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen and macro molecular protein complex (MPC) levels., SUBJECTS AND STUDY DESIGN: Twenty free living hyperlipidaemic men participated in this double-blind study which controlled for possible indirect effects. The subjects were randomly assigned to one of three treatments: frozen yoghurt or frozen yoghurt with 20 g soya bean lecithin or frozen yoghurt with 17 g sunflower oil. Sunflower oil was used to control for the increased energy and linoleic acid intake from lecithin. Yoghurt served as the 'vehicle' for the lecithin and sunflower oil and yoghurt alone was given to one group to control for possible effects due to the yoghurt 'vehicle', as well as other environmental influences. Variables were measured with standard methods twice at baseline and after 2 and 4 weeks of treatment., RESULTS: Plasma linoleic acid levels increased significantly with lecithin and sunflower oil treatments indicating that compliance to the treatments were obtained. Lecithin treatment did not have significant effects on serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B or lipoprotein (a) levels. Plasma fibrinogen and MPC levels were also not affected by lecithin therapy. Sunflower oil treatment resulted in significant increased body weight, serum TC and decreased MPC levels., CONCLUSION: Lecithin treatment had no independent effects on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen or MPC levels in hyperlipidaemic men.
Lactose intolerance in persistent diarrhoea during childhood: the role of a traditional rice-lentil (Khitchri) and yogurt diet in nutritional management.; Lactose intolerance is frequently encountered in children with persistent diarrhoea (PD). Selection of an appropriate milk-based formulation is a major management problem in the developing world. In a consecutive series of studies, we evaluated the role of feeding a traditional rice-lentil (khitchri) diet alone (KY) or in combination with either soy formula (KY-Soy) a dilute buffalo milk (KY-B), in children (age 6 months-3 years) with PD. Serial observations of stool output, caloric intake and weight gain of these children over a 14 day period indicated satisfactory tolerance of the KY diet with adequate weight gain. The weight gain and stool output was however higher in lactose intolerant children, with the worst results seen with K-Y and buffalo milk combination. While lactose intolerant children with PD do have higher. rates of therapeutic failure, our data indicates that a traditional diet and yogurt combination can be used satisfactorily for nutritional rehabilitation in over 80% of such children.
[New infant formula based on soy milk and corn flour].; In recent years the use of infant feeding formulas based on soy bean has been increasing. We report a trial of a new, soy bean-based formula to which starch was added. A control group was given a cow milk-based formula widely used in this country ("Materna" with cornflour, Ma'abaroth Products Ltd.). Healthy infants, between 3-6 months of age and of normal length and weight were enrolled at random at Infant Welfare Centers in Jerusalem. 25 received the soy formula, and 21 the cow milk-based formula. During the 2-month trial the infants did not receive any other foods. They were examined by the senior author every 2 weeks and weight, length and head circumference were measured at their Infant Welfare Clinic visits. The mothers filled questionnaires concerning the amount of formula ingested, the nature and number of stools, and complaints, such as crying. Both groups gained weight at the normal rate during the trial. In each group, the mothers were satisfied with the product and wanted to continue with it after the trial. We conclude that a soy-based formula containing starch is comparable to a cow milk formula containing star.
Effect of partial replacement of visible fat by ghee (clarified butter) on serum lipid profile.; A randomised controlled trial with a parallel design was conducted on 24 healthy young volunteers who were divided into two groups. After a lead-in period of 2 wk, the experimental group (n = 11; 9 male, 2 female) had for 8 wk a lactovegetarian diet providing about 25% of the energy intake in the form of fat, of which ghee provided 10 en% and the remaining fat energy came from mustard oil and invisible fat. The control group (n = 13; 8 male, 5 female) had a similar diet except that all visible fat was in the form of mustard oil. In neither group was there any significant change in the serum lipid profile at any point in time. At 8 wk, 2 volunteers in the experimental group, and 1 volunteer in the control group had more than 20% rise in serum total cholesterol as compared to their 0 wk values. There was also an appreciable increase in HDL cholesterol at 8 wk in the experimental group, but it was not statistically significant. Consuming ghee at the level of 10 en% in a vegetarian diet generally has no effect on the serum lipid profile of young, healthy, physically active individuals, but a few individuals may respond differently.
The contribution of foods to the dietary lipid profile of a Spanish population.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the food that has the greatest effect on the variation in the percentage of energy intake derived from fat and saturated fatty acids for the consumption of a Spanish population., DESIGN: A cross-sectional study of food consumption, using the 24-hour recall method for three non-consecutive days, one of which was a non-working day. Subjects were interviewed by trained interviewers in the subjects' homes. We used multiple linear regression for statistical analysis., SETTING: The citizens of Reus., SUBJECTS: One thousand and sixty subjects over five years old, randomly selected from the population census of Reus., RESULTS: In both sexes, the foods that mainly determine a high consumption of fat are oil and red meat while those that determine a lower consumption of fat are bread, savoury cereals and fruit. The foods that mainly determine a high consumption of saturated fatty acids are red meat and whole-fat dairy products while those that determine a low consumption are bread, savoury cereals and fruit., CONCLUSIONS: In our population, feasible variations in the intake of some foods - less than one portion - would reduce the estimated percentage of energy intake derived from fat and saturated fatty acids by a quantity considered important for cardiovascular disease prevention. The periodic identification and quantification of the food that most affects the dietary fat profile will help in drawing up dietary guidelines with more reasonable strategies for consuming a healthier diet and decreasing the risk of developing nutritional disorders.
The effect of bovine colostrum supplementation on exercise performance in elite field hockey players.; In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study, we investigated the effect of 8 weeks of supplementation with bovine colostrum (Intact) on body composition and exercise performance (5 x 10-m sprint, vertical jump, shuttle-run test, and suicide test). Seventeen female and 18 male elite field hockey players, including players from the Dutch national team, received either 60 g of colostrum or whey protein daily. The 5 x 10-m sprint test performance improved significantly (p =.023) more in the colostrum group [0.64 +/- 0.09 s (mean +/- SEM)] compared to the whey group (0.33 +/- 0.09 s). The vertical jump performance improved more in the colostrum group (2.1 +/- 0.73 cm) compared to the whey group (0.32 +/- 0.82 cm). However, this was not statistically significant (p =.119). There were also no significant differences in changes in body composition and endurance tests between the 2 groups. It is concluded that in elite field hockey players, colostrum supplementation improves sprint performance better than whey. However, there were no differences with regard to body composition or endurance performance.
Gastrointestinal manifestations of cow's milk allergy.; OBJECTIVE: To review and discuss the relationship between cow's milk allergy (CMA) and some gastrointestinal manifestations, such as gastroesophageal reflux, constipation, food protein-induced enterocolitis, and food-induced eosinophilic proctocolitis, with respect to diagnostic strategies that might eliminate the need for a double-blind, placebo-controlled oral food challenge (DBPCFC)., DATA SOURCES: A review of pertinent PubMed articles, published during the past 10 years, was performed., STUDY SELECTION: To obtain positive and negative predictive values known as posterior probabilities and to calculate the likelihood ratio, only those studies including both patients and control subjects were selected for analysis., RESULTS: With respect to gastroesophageal reflux, a typical 24-hour esophageal pH monitoring pattern might obviate the performance of a DBPCFC in patients with symptoms of reflux suspected of having CMA, provided this pH pattern is confirmed in other studies. A relationship between CMA and constipation has been reported in only one prospective controlled study; the clinical and laboratory variables of perianal lesions, histologic abnormalities, and signs of hypersensitivity had likelihood ratios of 2.2, 2.4, and 3.7, respectively, and posttest probabilities of 83, 84, and 88%, respectively. Therefore, a DBPCFC is warranted. In reference to food protein-induced enterocolitis, clinical and laboratory criteria suggested in the literature for defining a food challenge as positive have not been prospectively evaluated in the untreated state. Some simple stool tests, such as fecal tumor necrosis factor-alpha and alpha1-antitrypsin determination, might be candidates for diagnostic studies in patients with food protein-induced enterocolitis, if prospectively evaluated. In infants with food-induced eosinophilic proctocolitis, rectal biopsy invariably shows eosinophilic infiltration and thus makes performance of a DBPCFC unnecessary., CONCLUSION: Although the current diagnosis of gastrointestinal manifestations of CMA usually depends on a DBPCFC, investigators continue to study other options for confirming the diagnosis.
Butter differs from olive oil and sunflower oil in its effects on postprandial lipemia and triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins after single mixed meals in healthy young men.; Accumulation of postprandial triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins is generated by assimilation of ingested dietary fat and has been increasingly related to atherogenic risk. Nevertheless, the influence of different kinds of dietary fatty acids on postprandial lipid metabolism is not well established, except for (n-3) polyunsaturated long-chain fatty acids. Our goal was to evaluate the effects of test meals containing a common edible fat source of saturated (butter), monounsaturated (olive oil) or (n-6) polyunsaturated (sunflower oil) fatty acids on postprandial lipid and triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein responses. After a 12-h fast, 10 healthy young men ingested mixed meals containing 0 g (control) or 40 g fat, provided as butter, olive oil or sunflower oil in a random order. Fasting and postmeal blood samples were collected for 7 h. The no-fat test meal did not elicit any change over baseline except for plasma phospholipids, insulin and nonesterified fatty acids. Conversely, the three fat-containing meals elicited bell-shaped postprandial changes (P < 0.05) in serum triacylglycerols, free and esterified cholesterol, and nonesterified fatty acids. The butter meal induced a lower postprandial rise of triacylglycerols in serum and chylomicrons (incremental AUC, mmol.h/L: 0.72) than the two unsaturated oils (olive oil: 1.6, sunflower oil: 1.8), which did not differ. Circulating chylomicrons were smaller after the butter meal than after the two vegetable oil meals. The in vitro susceptibility of circulating chylomicrons to hydrolysis by postheparin plasma was higher after sunflower oil than after butter or olive oil. We conclude that butter results in lower postprandial lipemia and chylomicron accumulation in the circulation of young men than olive or sunflower oils after consumption of a single mixed meal.
Vitamin D and psoralen plus UVA radiation.; Psoralen plus UVA (PUVA) light is a very effective and widely used monotherapy for psoriasis. However, it is associated with cumulative long-term risks, including premature cutaneous aging and skin cancers. Several studies have shown that the addition of calcipotriene ointment to PUVA radiation has a UVA-sparing effect, clearing psoriatic lesions sooner with lower cumulative doses of UVA radiation compared with doses of PUVA radiation alone. A recently completed multicenter study in Spain demonstrated that the use of calcipotriene cream plus PUVA radiation was also safe and effective for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, achieving results that were similar to those obtained with calcipotriene ointment plus PUVA radiation. Because creams are cosmetically more acceptable and less likely to stain, patients may prefer calcipotriene cream formulations. When used in conjunction with PUVA radiation, calcipotriene should be applied after the UVA radiation treatment because standard doses of UVA radiation have been shown to inactivate calcipotriene.
A Phase III study on the efficacy of topical aloe vera gel on irradiated breast tissue.; The aim of the study was to see if topical aloe vera gel would be beneficial in reducing the identified skin side-effects of radiation therapy, including erythema, pain, itching, dry desquamation, and moist desquamation, when compared with aqueous cream. The secondary aim was to assess the effect of other factors known to predict severity of radiation skin reaction, ie, breast size, smoking habit, and one or more drainages of lymphocele after surgery, on other skin side effects. A Phase III study was conducted involving 225 patients with breast cancer after lumpectomy or partial mastectomy, who required a course of radiation therapy using tangential fields. Patients were randomized to either topical aloe vera gel or topical aqueous cream to be applied 3 times per day throughout and for 2 weeks after completion of radiation treatment. Weekly skin assessments were performed by nursing staff. Aqueous cream was significantly better than aloe vera gel in reducing dry desquamation and pain related to treatment. Subjects with D cup or larger size breasts experienced significantly more erythema, regardless of treatment arm. For subjects who had undergone lymphocele drainage, the aloe vera group experienced significantly more pain than the aqueous cream group. Within the aqueous cream arm, smokers were significantly more likely to experience itching within the treatment field than were nonsmokers. Within the aloe vera arm, subjects who had undergone one or more lymphocele drainages after surgery were significantly more likely to experience erythema and itching within the treatment field than those who did not have drainage. In this study, aloe vera gel did not significantly reduce radiation-induced skin side effects. Aqueous cream was useful in reducing dry desquamation and pain related to radiation therapy.
Effects of gender, apolipoprotein E phenotype and cholesterol-lowering by plant stanol esters in children: the STRIP study. Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project.; AIM: To evaluate the effects of gender, apolipoprotein E phenotype and cholesterol absorption and synthesis (estimated as serum plant sterol and cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations) on the cholesterol-lowering effect of plant stanol esters in children., METHODS: Eighty-one healthy, normocholesterolaemic 6-y-old children (45 boys) were recruited from the Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project (STRIP), a randomized prospective trial aiming at atherosclerosis prevention in childhood. This placebo-controlled, double-blind, cross-over study comprised two 3-mo study periods and a 6-wk wash-out period. During the study periods, 20 g of the children's daily dietary fat intake was replaced with plant stanol ester margarine or control margarine., RESULTS: In boys, plant stanol esters reduced serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations by 6% (0.09 to 0.42 mmol/L) and 9% (0.09 to 0.36 mmol/L), respectively (p < 0.01 for both). In girls, the decreases in concentrations were 4% (0.03 to 0.38 mmol/L) and 6% (0.02 to 0.32 mmol/l) (p < 0.05 for both). The response rate did not differ between the genders. Serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations decreased by 6% and 8% (p < 0.01 for both), respectively, in both children with the apolipoprotein E 3/4 or 4/4 (apoE4+) phenotype and the apolipoprotein E 2/3 or 3/3 (apoE4-) phenotype. Cholesterol absorption decreased both in the apoE4+ children and in the apoE4- children, but cholesterol synthesis consistently increased in the apoE4+ children only., CONCLUSION: Plant stanol esters reduce serum cholesterol concentration in healthy children irrespective of their gender or apoE4 phenotype.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma: randomized studies comparing low-frequency dosing with and without occlusion.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream has been investigated for non-surgical treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) tumours., OBJECTIVES: Two studies were conducted to examine the effect of occlusion at low dosing frequencies on the safety and efficacy of topical imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial and nodular BCC., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Both open-label studies were conducted in Europe. Patients diagnosed with BCC were enrolled into either the superficial (93 patients) or nodular (90 patients) study, depending on the histological confirmation of the patient's tumour subtype. Patients were randomized to one of four groups to apply imiquimod 5% cream 2 or 3 days per week either with or without occlusion. Six weeks following a 6-week treatment period, the entire target tumour area was excised and histologically examined for evidence of residual tumour., RESULTS: In both studies, the highest histologically complete response rate was seen in the 3 days per week with occlusion groups, with complete response rates of 87% and 65% for the superficial and nodular studies, respectively. Occlusion did not have a statistically significant effect on response rate at either dosing frequency. Response rates for superficial and nodular BCC tumours treated 3 days per week without occlusion were 76% and 50%, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: In the superficial study, the complete response rate of 87% in the 3 days per week with occlusion group was similar to that of daily and 5 days per week dosing without occlusion in a previous 12-week study and one study of daily dosing without occlusion for 6 weeks. All treatment groups had acceptable safety profiles in both studies. Occlusion did not have a statistically significant effect on efficacy for either superficial or nodular BCC tumours.
Unesterified plant sterols and stanols lower LDL-cholesterol concentrations equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons.; BACKGROUND: Plant sterols, in various forms, have been shown to reduce total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Particularly controversial at present is the effect of the degree of hydrogenation of the plant sterols on cholesterol-lowering efficacy and the responsible mechanisms., OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to examine the effect of supplementation with unesterified plant sterols and stanols on plasma lipid and phytosterol concentrations and cholesterol absorption, synthesis, and turnover., DESIGN: Fifteen otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic subjects consumed each of 4 dietary treatments in a randomized crossover design. Unesterified sterols and stanols were blended into the butter component of the diet at a dosage of 1.8 g/d. The diets contained plant sterols (NS), plant stanols (SS), a 50:50 mixture of sterols and stanols (NSS), or cornstarch (control)., RESULTS: Plasma total cholesterol concentrations were 7.8%, 11.9%, and 13.1% lower (P < 0.01) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. LDL-cholesterol concentrations were 11.3%, 13.4%, and 16.0% lower (P < 0.03) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. Plasma triacylglycerols and HDL-cholesterol concentrations did not differ significantly across diets. Cholesterol absorption efficiency was 56.0%, 34.4%, and 48.9% lower (P < 0.001) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. The fractional synthesis rate was higher by 45.5% (P < 0.003) in the NSS group than in the control group. Plasma campesterol and sitosterol concentrations were higher (P < 0.01) in the NS group and sitosterol concentrations were lower (P < 0.01) in the SS group than in the control group., CONCLUSION: These data indicate that, in their free unesterified form, sterols and stanols lower plasma LDL cholesterol equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons by suppressing cholesterol absorption.
The effect of vegetable oil-based cheese on serum total and lipoprotein lipids.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of rapeseed oil-based cheese (milk-fat substituted by rapeseed oil) on serum total and lipoprotein lipid concentrations and blood pressure in reference to ordinary, milk-fat-based cheese in subjects with mildly to moderately elevated serum cholesterol concentration., DESIGN: Randomized, controlled, single-blind, cross-over clinical trial., SETTINGS: Outpatient dietary intervention with free-living subjects in Eastern Finland., INTERVENTIONS: The study began with a 2 week pre-trial period followed by two 4 week intervention periods. During the intervention study subjects replaced their ordinary cheese or cold cuts with 65 g of rapeseed oil-based or milk-fat-based control cheese. The type of test cheese was switched at 4 weeks of intervention. Altogether 31 subjects completed the study., RESULTS: Compared with the control cheese period the mean serum total cholesterol concentration was 6.7% (95% Cl -9.9 to -3.5%) lower after 2 weeks and 5.0% (95% Cl -7.5 to -2.5%) lower after 4 weeks of use of rapeseed oil-based cheese. Respectively, LDL cholesterol concentration was 7.0% (95% Cl -11.7 to -2.6%) lower after 2 weeks use and 6.4% (95% Cl -10.0 to -2.8%) lower after 4 weeks' use of rapeseed oil-based cheese., CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed that the rapeseed oil-based cheese reduces serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects when replacing ordinary milk-fat-based cheese in the diet., SPONSORSHIP: Mildola Ltd, Tuusula, Finland and Kyronmaan Juustomestarit Ltd, lsokyro, Finland.
Apolipoprotein E polymorphism and serum lipid response to plant sterols in humans.; BACKGROUND: The apolipoprotein E polymorphism may influence the absorption of cholesterol from the intestine and thus the response of serum cholesterol to diet. We decided to use plant sterols to investigate this and studied whether the cholesterol-lowering effect of plant sterols differed between subjects with different apolipoprotein E genotyes., DESIGN: Thirty-one healthy subjects with the E3/4 or E4/4 genotype and 57 with the E3/3 genotype were fed sterol-enriched margarine or control margarine for 3 weeks each in a blind randomised cross-over design. The sterol margarine provided 3.2 g of plant sterols daily, was low-fat, and had the same fatty acid composition as the control margarine. Subjects used the margarines as part of their usual diet, which was fairly low in cholesterol (mean, 175 mg per day). The mean (+/- standard deviation) age of the subjects was 25 (+/- 11) years., RESULTS: The apolipoprotein E polymorphism did not significantly affect the responses of total and LDL cholesterol. The decrease in total cholesterol was 0.36 mmol L-1 (7.4%) in the E3/3 subjects and 0.31 mmol L-1 (5.7%) in the epsilon 4 subjects (P = 0.50) and that in LDL cholesterol was 0.34 mmol L-1 (12.2%) in the E3/3 subjects and 0.32 mmol L-1 (9.8%) in the epsilon 4 subjects (P = 0.68)., CONCLUSION: The serum cholesterol response to plant sterols is not affected by the apolipoprotein E polymorphism in healthy subjects who consume a low-cholesterol diet.
Relations between various measures of iodine intake and thyroid volume, thyroid nodularity, and serum thyroglobulin.; BACKGROUND: Iodine intake can be measured in various ways, and each method may have advantages and disadvantages., OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate the potential associations of various measures of iodine intake with thyroid volume, prevalence of thyroid nodules, and serum thyroglobulin. We also sought to identify, if possible, groups at risk of thyroid disease because of their food choices., DESIGN: This cohort study included 4649 randomly selected subjects with mild-to-moderate iodine deficiency; the subjects lived in 2 cities in Denmark. Iodine intake was estimated by using a food-frequency questionnaire and by measuring iodine excretion in spot urine samples. Thyroid volume and nodularity were measured with ultrasonography., RESULTS: In multiple linear regression models, significant inverse relations were found between thyroid volume and estimated 24-h iodine excretion, iodine intake from diet plus supplements, iodine intake from diet/kg body wt, and milk intake (P = 0.001 for all), but not urinary iodine excretion measured as a concentration (P = 0.40). All measures of iodine intake were significantly related to serum thyroglobulin concentration (P <or= 0.002), but only some measures of iodine intake were significantly related to the prevalence of thyroid nodules., CONCLUSIONS: Even in a geographic area where mild iodine deficiency is common, a significant relation between iodine intake and thyroid volume was found. All measures of iodine intake, except iodine excretion measured as a urinary concentration, predicted thyroid volume. Serum thyroglobulin concentration appears to be a good marker of iodine status. Subgroups with low intakes of milk and milk products had an increased risk of thyroid disease.
Additive effect of plant sterol-ester margarine and cerivastatin in lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in primary hypercholesterolemia.; The objective of this study was to evaluate whether plant sterol-ester margarine has an additive or interactive effect on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol reduction when ingested in combination with a statin drug. This was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind study with 4 parallel treatment arms in a balanced 2 x 2 factorial design. The 4 daily treatment options were: (1) placebo plus regular margarine 25 g (n = 38); (2) placebo plus sterol-ester margarine 25 g (2 g of plant sterol) (n = 39); (3) cerivastatin 400 microg plus regular margarine 25 g (n = 38); and (4) cerivastatin 400 microg plus sterol-ester margarine 25 g (n = 37). The study was conducted in men and women with primary hypercholesterolemia with baseline LDL cholesterol >/=97 mg/dl (mean 206). The primary efficacy parameter was the percent change in LDL cholesterol between baseline and at the end of 4 weeks' treatment. Cerivastatin (vs placebo) reduced LDL cholesterol by 32% (95% confidence intervals 28% to 36%, p <0.0001) and sterol-ester margarine (vs regular margarine) by 8% (95% confidence interval 4% to 12%, p <0.0001). The effect of sterol-ester margarine and cerivastatin together was additive (39% reduction in LDL cholesterol), but there was no significant interactive effect between sterol-ester margarine and cerivastatin (p = 0.29). The treatments were generally well tolerated with no major differences in adverse events between groups. In subjects with primary hypercholesterolemia, statin and sterol-ester margarine used together produce a purely additive effect on LDL cholesterol reduction. The addition of sterol-ester margarine to statin therapy offers LDL cholesterol reduction equivalent to doubling the dose of statin.
Whey predominant, whey modified infant formula with protein/energy ratio of 1.8 g/100 kcal: adequate and safe for term infants from birth to four months.; BACKGROUND: Protein quality of breast milk is superior to that of formula proteins. To ensure that the protein intake is sufficient, starter formulas with conventional protein composition provide a protein/energy ratio of 2.2-2.5 g per 100 kcal to infants, which is much higher than that supplied with breast milk. Several studies have shown that formula-fed infants have higher plasma or serum urea concentrations than breast-fed infants do. We tested if feeding formulas with improved protein quality and a protein content corresponding to the minimum level that is consistent with international recommendations (1.8 g/100 kcal) allows patients to achieve normal growth and plasma urea concentrations., METHODS: Healthy term infants were enrolled into the study and were either breast-fed or randomly assigned to three formula-fed groups. Formula-fed infants received either a standard formula with a protein/energy ratio of 2.2 g/100 kcal, whereas the two other groups received formulas with a protein/energy ratio of 1.8g/100 kcal differing mainly by their source of protein. Subjects received breast milk or these formulas ad libitum as the sole source of energy from birth to four months of age in a controlled blind design (except for the breast-fed group). Anthropometric measurements (body weight and length) were obtained at birth, at 30, 60, 90, and 120 days. Energy and protein intakes were calculated from three-day dietary records. Blood was collected for biochemical measurements at 30, 60, and 120 days., RESULTS: No differences were found between the four feeding groups for weight- and length-gains or for body mass indices (BMI). No differences in energy intakes between the formula-fed groups could be found, whereas protein intakes were less in infants fed the 1.8 g/100 kcal formulas. Plasma urea levels of the infants fed the 1.8 g/100 kcal formulas were closer to those found in the breast-fed infants., CONCLUSION: Improvement of the amino acid profile permits a whey predominant starter formula with 1.8 g protein per 100 kcal to meet the needs of normal term infants during the first four months of life.
Efficacy of topical 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of nodular basal cell carcinoma: comparison of dosing regimens.; OBJECTIVE: To establish a safe and efficacious dosing regimen for the treatment of primary nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) using 5% imiquimod cream., DESIGN: Two phase 2 studies were conducted: a 6-week, randomized, open-label, dose-response study evaluating 4 dosing regimens and a 12-week, randomized, vehicle-controlled, double-blind, dose-response study evaluating 4 dosing regimens., SETTING: Twenty-four public and private dermatology clinics in Australia and New Zealand (6-week study) and the United States (12-week study) participated., PATIENTS: The study populations comprised 99 patients enrolled in the 6-week study and 92 patients in the 12-week study. Patients were at least 18 years old and had a biopsy-confirmed diagnosis of nodular BCC., INTERVENTIONS: In the 6-week study, imiquimod was applied once daily for 3 or 7 days per week or twice daily for 3 or 7 days per week. In the 12-week study, imiquimod or placebo cream (vehicle) was applied once daily for 3, 5, or 7 days per week, or twice daily for 7 days per week. The entire tumor area was excised 6 weeks after treatment and examined histologically for evidence of remaining BCC., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The proportion of patients having no histologic evidence of BCC in the posttreatment excision specimen., RESULTS: Dosing once daily for 7 days per week resulted in the highest clearance rate, with 25 (71%) of 35 and 16 (76%) of 21 patients showing clearance of their tumor in the 6- and 12-week studies, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Topical 5% imiquimod cream is well tolerated and most effective in treating nodular BCC when applied once daily for 7 days per week for either 12 or 6 weeks.
[Food phytosterol ester efficiency on the plasma lipid reduction in moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects].; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed at relating the pattern of response to dietary plant sterol ester (PSE) treatment of plasma lipids concentrations and apo E polymorphisms., METHODS: Patients (20-60y old: 50 women; 10 men) with primary moderate hypercholesterolemia were fed margarine (20g/d), received no treatment (placebo), and were fed PSE (2.8g/d = 1.68 phytosterols), during 3 periods of 4 weeks each, in a crossover, double-blind study. DNA was extracted from white blood cells for the apo E polymorphisms., RESULTS: PSE treatment significantly lowered TC and LDL-C 10% and 12%, respectively, in relation to the baseline, and 6% and 8% in relation to the placebo phase, but HDL-C and TG levels were not modified. In regard to the apo E genotyping, no significant difference occurred between apo E 3/3 and apo E (3/4)., CONCLUSION: Dietary plant sterol ester (PSE) treatment reduced cholesterolemia, and the reduction of LDL-C in absolute values was more pronounced when the initial LDL - C concentration were elevated.
Long-term consumption of fermented dairy products over 6 months increases HDL cholesterol.; OBJECTIVE: Assessment of the hypocholesterolaemic effect of yoghurt supplemented with Lactobacillus acidophilus 145 and Bifidobacterium longum 913 in women., DESIGN: The cross-over study consisted of three periods (7 weeks each): first period, control yoghurt for all 29 women; second period, probiotic yoghurt for 18 women, control yoghurt for 11 women; third period, the reverse of that in the second period., SETTING: Department of Nutritional Physiology, Institute of Nutritional Science, Friedrich Schiller University, Jena., SUBJECTS: Twenty-nine healthy women, aged 19-56 y. Fifteen of these were normocholesterolaemic and 14 women were hypercholesterolaemic., INTERVENTION: Yoghurt (300 g) daily containing 3.5% fat and starter cultures of Streptococcus thermophilus and L. lactis. Probiotic yoghurt was the control yoghurt enriched with L. acidophilus 145, B. longum 913 and 1% oligofructose (synbiotic)., RESULTS: The mean serum concentration of total cholesterol and the LDL cholesterol was not influenced by the synbiotic (P>0.05). The HDL concentration increased significantly by 0.3 mmol/l (P=0.002). The ratio of LDL/HDL cholesterol decreased from 3.24 to 2.48 (P=0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: The long-term daily consumption of 300 g yoghurt over a period of 21 weeks (control and synbiotic) increased the serum concentration of HDL cholesterol and lead to the desired improvement of the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: a double-blind, randomized, vehicle-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream may provide an effective nonsurgical treatment for superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) based on results of previous studies., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this phase II dose-response study was to explore various dosing regimens using imiquimod 5% cream for sBCC to find the most effective frequency of dosing with tolerable side effects., METHODS: Patients (n = 128) were dosed twice daily, once daily, 5 times a week, or 3 times a week in this 12-week, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study. At 6 weeks after treatment, the entire tumor area was clinically evaluated, excised, and examined exhaustively for histologic evidence of residual sBCC., RESULTS: Complete response rates were 100% (10/10), 87.1% (27/31), 80.8% (21/26), and 51.7% (15/29) for patients in the twice daily, once daily, 5 times a week, and 3 times a week imiquimod groups, respectively, and 18.8% (6/32) in the vehicle group., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream was effective in the treatment of sBCC. Daily or 5 times a week dosing for 12 weeks demonstrated high efficacy results with acceptable safety profiles.
Influence of dietary cholesterol on vitamin d metabolism in formula-fed preterm neonates.; OBJECTIVES: Supplementation of preterm formulas with cholesterol could help to mimic the fat composition of human milk. However, this could possibly influence vitamin D 25-hydroxylation because this reaction is catalyzed in part by the mitochondrial cytochrome P-450, the enzyme responsible for the 27-hydroxylation of cholesterol. The purpose of this study was to verify whether the addition of cholesterol to preterm formulas could interfere with vitamin D metabolism in preterm neonates., METHODS: In a prospective study, 30 preterm neonates were randomly assigned to a low (< 0.03 g/L), medium (0.15 g/L), or high (0.30 g/L) cholesterol-content preterm formula until theoretical term (i.e., 40 weeks post-conceptional age). Anthropometric data and serum hydroxy-vitamin D and 1,25 dihydroxy-vitamin D concentrations were measured at study entry and theoretical term. In a subgroup of 14 subjects, serum cholesterol and lymphocyte 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase mRNA were also assessed., RESULTS: (median [25, 75 centiles]): At theoretical term, there were no significant differences in serum hydroxy-vitamin D concentrations among the three groups, even after adjustment for confounding variables (65 [50, 78] nmol/L, 79 [59, 86] nmol/L, and 67 [43, 103] nmol/L, respectively, = 0.65) or 1,25 dihydroxy-vitamin D ( = 0.88). Furthermore, there were no significant differences in 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase mRNA copy numbers., CONCLUSIONS: In preterm neonates fed formulas with a cholesterol content similar to or higher than that of human milk, we did not observe deleterious effects on vitamin D metabolism. However, long-term effects of cholesterol supplementation require further studies.
Effect of postpartum exercise on mothers and their offspring: a review of the literature.; Epidemiological studies suggest that childbearing may contribute to the development of obesity. In the past 12 years, several cross-sectional and randomized trials have addressed the effect of postpartum exercise on weight loss and/or energy balance in mostly lactating women. These studies suggest that moderate exercise without specific calorie restriction does not promote greater weight or fat loss. This may be because exercise may promote greater energy intake and/or reduced energy expenditure from nonexercise physical activity (thus preventing negative energy balance), but further research is needed. Regular exercise, however, is likely to have other important health benefits after childbirth. A few published studies suggest that postpartum exercise improves aerobic fitness, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels, and insulin sensitivity. Exercise may also enhance psychological well-being, but controlled clinical studies are needed. Although two published studies have addressed whether exercise training attenuates lactation-induced bone loss, better controlled studies are needed to determine whether postpartum weight-bearing exercise can improve bone mineral density in lactating and nonlactating women alike. In lactating women, several studies have collectively determined that neither acute nor regular exercise has adverse effects on a mother's ability to successfully breast-feed. It needs to be determined whether a woman's participation in regular exercise after childbirth will improve her ability to mother or instill lifetime habits of regular physical activity in either herself or her offspring. Overall, published studies have established the importance of regular exercise during the postpartum period. More research, however, is needed in this important area.
Safety studies of topical imiquimod 5% cream on normal skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% topical cream is an immune response modifier that induces interferon alpha and interleukin-12, and exhibits antiviral and tumor-inhibiting properties. It is currently available for treatment of genital and perianal warts. Three randomized, open-label or assessor-blinded, placebo-controlled studies were carried out to assess its safety on normal white skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation (UVR)., METHODS: Healthy white volunteer adult subjects between the ages of 18 and 60 years with skin types I, II or III (Fitzpatrick Scale, US Federal Register 43:38260, 1978) were invited to participate. Imiquimod 5% cream (each dose approximately 0.1-0.2 ml) was compared with placebo cream. Two preliminary studies assessed the potential photosensitizing properties of the drug, and the third study added measurement of sunburn cell counts (SBC) and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) pyrimidine dimer (PD) formation. The three studies were: a 6-week standard photocontact allergenicity bioassay; a 4-day standard phototoxicity bioassay; and a 4-week photodamage study using biopsy sample analyses to determine SBC or PD frequency., RESULTS: Imiquimod had no detectable potential for inducing either photocontact allergy (n=115) or phototoxicity (n=20). The final study further assessing photodamage potential of imiquimod included 44 subjects. There were no significant differences between imiquimod vs. the control (no drug+UVB) for SBC counts (mean 0.88 vs. 0.93), or PD frequency (mean 60.86 vs. 70.03)., CONCLUSIONS: Results from the two preliminary safety studies suggest that imiquimod 5% cream does not possess a detectable photosensitizing potential in humans. Furthermore, topical imiquimod did not enhance UVR-induced damage to epidermal cells or DNA.
[The influence of human milk and various artificial formulae commercially available in Spain on the fatty acid status of infants in the first two months of life].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate changes in the fatty acid composition of red blood cell phospholipids in breast-fed infants compared with those in infants fed with different formulas (conventional, omega -6-enriched formula, omega -6- and omega -3-enriched formula and nucleotide-enriched formula)., METHODS: Thirty-seven healthy term infants were randomly assigned to one of five different feeding groups. Weight, length, head circumference, and arm circumference were assessed at 7 and 60 days of age. The fatty acid composition of the infants' red blood cell phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) were analyzed at these ages., RESULTS: The anthropometric variables studied showed no changes among the different groups. At 60 days old, arachidonic acid concentration (20:4 omega -6) was lower in non-omega -6 enriched formula-fed groups compared with that in the breast-milk fed group (4.03, 3.68 and 5.15 vs 7.20 g/100 g of fatty acids). Docosahexaenoic acid concentration (22:6omega -3) in both PC and PE clearly decreased in the non-omega -3 formula-fed groups compared with that in the breast-milk fed group (PC: 0.72 vs 2.82 g/100 g of fatty acids and PE: 5.15 vs 7.73 g/100 g of fatty acids)., CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates differences in the fatty acid composition of red blood cell phospholipids between breast-milk fed infants and those fed with any of the artificial formulas available on the Spanish market. These data provide evidence of the influence of diet on certain essential fatty acids in the body.
Carotenoid composition of human milk during the first month postpartum and the response to beta-carotene supplementation.; BACKGROUND: Information is lacking regarding normal changes in milk carotenoid concentrations in healthy, well-nourished women during the first month of lactation., OBJECTIVES: This study investigated milk carotenoid concentrations during days 4-32 postpartum and assessed the effects of maternal beta-carotene supplementation., DESIGN: Subjects (n = 21; aged 19-39 y) were randomly assigned to receive beta-carotene (30 mg/d) or placebo from days 4 to 32 postpartum. Each subject provided 8 diet records and 8 milk samples during the study. Diet records were analyzed for energy, macronutrients, vitamins A and E, and carotenoids. Milk samples were analyzed with HPLC for concentrations of carotenoids, retinol, and alpha-tocopherol. Data were analyzed by using repeated-measures analysis and orthogonal contrasts., RESULTS: No significant differences in average dietary intakes, body mass index, age, or parity were found between groups at baseline or after supplementation. Milk carotenoid concentrations decreased over time (P < 0.01), as did retinol and alpha-tocopherol concentrations (P < 0.003). Concentrations of most carotenoids decreased to those reported for mature milk by day 32 postpartum. Milk lutein concentrations remained elevated throughout the study compared with values reported for mature milk, whereas plasma lutein concentrations decreased significantly over time. beta-carotene supplementation did not significantly change the milk concentrations of beta-carotene, the other carotenoids, retinol, or alpha-tocopherol., CONCLUSIONS: The lack of increase in milk beta-carotene despite supplementation suggests that transitional milk may be already nearly saturated with beta-carotene. The elevated milk lutein concentration and simultaneous decrease in plasma lutein suggest that lutein metabolism may be altered during early lactation.
The influence of the type of dietary fat on postprandial fat oxidation rates: monounsaturated (olive oil) vs saturated fat (cream).; OBJECTIVE: To compare postprandial whole-body fat oxidation rates in humans, following high-fat (43% of total energy) mixed breakfast meals, of fixed energy and macronutrient composition, rich in either monounsaturated fat (MUFA) from extra virgin olive oil or saturated fat (SFA) from cream., DESIGN: Paired comparison of resting metabolic rate (RMR), thermic effect of a meal and substrate oxidation rates following consumption of isocaloric breakfast meals, differing only in the type of fat, administered in random order 1-2 weeks apart., SUBJECTS: Fourteen male volunteers, body mass index (BMI) in the range 20-32 kg/m(2), aged 24-49 y and resident in Melbourne, Australia, were recruited by advertisement in the local media or by personal contact., MEASUREMENTS: Body size and composition was determined by anthropometry and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Indirect calorimetry was used to measure RMR, thermic effect of a meal, post-meal total energy expenditure and substrate oxidation rate. Blood pressure and pulse rates were measured with an automated oscillometric system. Fasting and 2 h postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations and the fasting lipid profile were also determined., RESULTS: In the 5 h following the MUFA breakfast, there was a significantly greater postprandial fat oxidation rate (3.08+/-4.58 g/5 h, P=0.017), and lower postprandial carbohydrate oxidation rate (P=0.025), than after the SFA breakfast. Thermic effect of a meal was significantly higher (55 kJ/5 h, P=0.034) after the MUFA breakfast, in subjects with a high waist circumference (HWC > or = 99 cm) than those with a low waist circumference (LWC<99 cm). This difference was not detected following the SFA breakfast (P=0.910)., CONCLUSION: If postprandial fat oxidation rates are higher after high MUFA, rather than SFA meals, then a simple change to the type of dietary fat consumed might have beneficial effects in curbing weight gain in men consuming a relatively high-fat diet. This may be particularly evident in men with a large waist circumference.
Early nutrition and leptin concentrations in later life.; BACKGROUND: Formula feeding or overweight in infancy may increase the later risk of obesity, but the mechanisms involved are uncertain. Because obesity is associated with high leptin concentrations relative to fat mass, programming of leptin concentrations may be one mechanism by which early nutrition influences later obesity., OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that high nutrient intake or formula feeding in infancy programs greater leptin concentrations relative to fat mass in later life., DESIGN: Serum leptin concentrations were measured by radioimmunoassay in 197 adolescents aged 13-16 y who were born preterm and randomly assigned at birth to receive either a nutrient-enriched preterm formula or banked donated breast milk (trial 1) or a preterm formula or a standard formula (trial 2). Fat mass was estimated with the use of bioelectrical impedance analysis., RESULTS: After combining the results of trials 1 and 2 as planned, the ratio of leptin to fat mass was significantly greater in the children who received the preterm formula (geometric : 0.84 microg x L(-1) x kg(-1)) than in those who received standard formula or banked breast milk (0.62 microg x L(-1) x kg(-1); mean difference: 30.8%; 95% CI for difference: 8.4%, 53.2%; P = 0.007). The difference between the diet groups remained significant after adjustment for age, sex, Tanner stage, social class, and fat mass. Human milk intake was significantly associated with lower leptin concentrations relative to fat mass in adolescence (P = 0.023), independent of potential confounding factors., CONCLUSION: Programming of relative leptin concentrations by early diet may be one mechanism that links early nutrition with later obesity.
Dietary patterns and nutrient intakes of 7-year-old children taking part in an atherosclerosis prevention project in Finland.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the dietary patterns of 7-year-old children participating in an atherosclerosis prevention project and the relationship of those dietary patterns to nutrient intakes and serum cholesterol values., DESIGN: In the randomized, prospective Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project (STRIP) 1,062 children were randomly assigned to an intervention group (n=540; low-saturated fat, low-cholesterol diet) or to a control group (n=522; unrestricted diet) at 7 months of age., SUBJECTS/SETTINGS: The intervention families received, at 6-month intervals, individualized counseling that focused on the known environmental atherosclerosis risk factors and aimed at reducing children's saturated fat and cholesterol intake. Nutrition counseling was targeted at the child but, because of the young age of the children, was given to the parents. When children were 7 years old, food and nutrient intakes of 307 intervention and 323 control children were studied using 4-day food records., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: K-means cluster analysis was used to classify children into 4 groups on the basis of similarity of food intake. Differences in nutrient intakes and serum lipid concentrations between children in the 4 food intake clusters were evaluated using Tukey's multiple comparison test., RESULTS: Intervention children dominated the bread, skim milk, and margarine cluster and the cereals, rice, and pasta cluster whereas the 1.5%-fat milk and butter cluster included mainly control children. Saturated fat intake was nearest to the recommendations, that is 11.7% and 11.9% of energy, in the bread, skim milk, and margarine cluster and the cereals, rice, and pasta cluster, respectively. Children in the bread, skim milk, and margarine cluster had 20% to 27% higher fiber intakes (P<.001) whereas children in the sugar and sweets cluster had markedly higher sugar intakes than children in other clusters (P<.001). Serum cholesterol concentrations were lower in those clusters with high dietary ratios of polyunsaturated to saturated fat., CONCLUSION: Detailed and repeated dietary counseling of parents, starting when children are aged 7 months, that aims at decreasing children's exposure to known nutrition risk factors for coronary heart disease modifies children's food patterns and nutrient intakes toward expected values.
No changes in serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations with the intake of plant sterol/stanol esters in the context of a controlled diet.; Spreads enriched with plant sterol and stanol esters have been shown to possess similar cholesterol-lowering properties; however, their comparative capacity to alter circulating levels of other fat-soluble compounds has not been fully assessed. To compare actions of sterol and stanol ester consumption on serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations, 15 hypercholesterolemic subjects were fed each of 3 fixed foods treatment diets over 21 days using a randomized crossover controlled design. Diets contained either (1) margarine (M), (2) margarine with sterol esters (MSE; 1.92 g/d), or (3) margarine with stanol esters (MSA; 1.76 g/d). No significant differences were found in initial or final serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations among the 3 phases. Serum retinol and alpha- and gamma-tocopherol concentrations at baseline and endpoint and percentage changes relative to baseline for MSE and MSA were not significantly different from those of the M diet. After adjusting for total cholesterol reduction, no changes for alpha- and gamma-tocopherol were found. Serum vitamins D and K, lycopene, and lutein concentrations and percentage changes did not differ across diets. Serum concentrations at baseline and endpoint and percentage changes for alpha- and beta-cryptoxanthin and alpha- and gamma-carotene were not different among the diets, nor did serum alpha- and gamma-carotene concentrations to total cholesterol ratios differ. Serum lutein, beta-cryptoxanthin, and alpha-carotene concentrations increased over time. In conclusion, our results show no effect of consumption of esterified plant sterols or stanols on serum fat-soluble vitamin or carotenoid concentrations compared with a control diet. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Associations of body mass index and obesity with physical activity, food choices, alcohol intake, and smoking in the 1982-1997 FINRISK Studies.; BACKGROUND: Recent increases in the prevalence of obesity worldwide are suggested to be caused largely by an environment that promotes sedentariness and excessive food intake., OBJECTIVE: We investigated associations of body mass index (BMI) and obesity with physical activity, food choices, alcohol consumption, and smoking history. In addition, we examined the consistency of these associations over time, with the aim of assessing whether the significance of lifestyle variables as correlates of obesity increased over a 15-y period., DESIGN: Independent cross-sectional surveys were carried out in 1982, 1987, 1992, and 1997. Altogether, 24604 randomly selected men and women (aged 25-64 y) participated in these surveys. The subjects' weights and heights were measured, and data on lifestyle were collected with self-administered questionnaires., RESULTS: In men and women, perceived general health, leisure-time physical activity, and daily vegetable consumption were inversely associated with obesity, as were bread consumption in women and activity at work in men. Consumption of sausages, milk, and sour milk and heavy work (in women only) were positively associated with obesity. Obesity was also associated with alcohol consumption and smoking history. Most associations were constant over the 15-y period. However, the inverse associations of BMI with physical activity in women and with perceived health in men seemed to strengthen over time., CONCLUSIONS: A physically active lifestyle with abstention from smoking, moderate alcohol consumption, and consumption of healthy foods maximizes the chances of having a normal weight. The significance of avoiding sedentariness increases over time as a factor associated with normal weight.
Dose-response effects of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 36 h post-consumption.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the dose-response effects of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 36 h post-consumption in non-overweight subjects., DESIGN: A single-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject cross-over design was used., SETTING: Metabolic suite of the University of Ulster, Coleraine., SUBJECTS: Fifty subjects (30 female, 20 male) from the student and staff population of the University of Ulster, Coleraine., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, a 200 g portion of yoghurt containing a total of 15 g of fat, which varied in quantity of Olibra fat (0, 2, 4, 6 g) at 09:00 h. At 13:00 h subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed were measured by covert pre- and post-consumption weighing of individual serving dishes. For the remainder of the day and the following 24 h, subjects weighed and recorded all food intakes., RESULTS: Relative to the control yoghurt, mean energy (7.42 vs 5.83, 5.60, 5.24 MJ), fat (97.4 vs 74.4, 74.2, 67.5 g; 48.8 vs 46.8, 48.9, 47.6% energy), protein (59.1 vs 50.0, 44.0, 40.8 g; 13.2 vs 13.9, 12.9, 12.8% energy), and carbohydrate (171.5 vs 140.9, 130.2, 126.0 g; 38.0 vs 39.3, 38.2, 39.6% energy), intakes were progressively reduced with increasing doses of Olibra fat in the total group (P<0.001). A similar response was observed in the female group up to 4 g (P<0.001) and in the male group after 2 and 6 g (P<0.05). Energy and macronutrient intakes for the remainder of each study day and over the following 24 h were significantly lower after all dose levels compared to the control (P<0.001)., CONCLUSION: The results suggest that Olibra fat reduced the effect of overeating during an ad libitum lunch meal and subsequent food intake up to 36 h post-consumption.
Fluctuations in human milk long-chain PUFA levels in relation to dietary fish intake.; Within the Danish population, milk DHA (22:6n-3) levels vary by more than a factor of 10. This paper deals with fluctuations in the milk content of 22:6n-3 and other long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) and the acute effects of fish meals and fish oil supplements on milk levels of LCPUFA. Twelve fish-eating mothers with 4-mon-old infants provided one blood and one adipose tissue sample, and seven consecutive morning hind-milk samples with dietary records from the previous days. Another 12 lactating women were given fish oil (2-8 g) for breakfast and delivered 6-12 milk samples during the following 24 h. The mean milk 22:6n-3 content of the fish-eating mothers was 0.57+/-0.28 FA% (= percentage of total area of FAME peaks in GLC) and the day-to-day variation (SD/mean) within the individual was 35+/-17%. Mean milk 22:6n-3 content on mornings with no fish the day before was 0.42+/-0.15 FA%; this was increased by 82+/-17% (n = 9, P = 0.05) if the mother had eaten fatty fish. Fish oil resulted in a twofold increase in milk 22:6n-3 levels, which peaked after 10 h and lasted for 24 h. The EPA content of milk was also increased by fish meals and fish oil supplements, but these had no effect on the level of arachidonic acid. The study showed that diurnal and day-to-day fluctuations in levels of milk n-3 LCPUFA are large, which makes it difficult to assess the 22:6n-3 intake of breast-fed infants from a single milk sample. In studies of the functional outcome of dietary 22:6n-3 in breast-fed infants it is suggested also to use a measure of maternal 22:6n-3 status.
A randomized trial of supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid-rich tuna oil and its effects on the human milk cytokines interleukin 1 beta, interleukin 6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha.; BACKGROUND: Increased consumption of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been recommended during pregnancy and lactation. The production of proinflammatory cytokines by human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) can be modified by dietary n-3 PUFAs., OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether dietary supplementation of lactating women with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can modulate the concentration of cytokines in the aqueous phase of human milk and the production of cytokines by human milk cells (HMCs) and PBMCs., DESIGN: In this double-blind, prospective, randomized trial, mothers of healthy full-term infants were asked to consume daily a nutritional supplement of 2000 mg oil containing either placebo (n = 40), 300 mg DHA + 70 mg eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; n = 40), or 600 mg DHA + 140 mg EPA (n = 40). The fatty acid composition of plasma, PBMCs, milk, and HMCs from lactating mothers at 4 wk postpartum was measured by gas chromatography. The concentration of interleukin 6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha in milk and the production of interleukin 1beta, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and interleukin 6 by PBMCs and HMCs after stimulation with lipopolysaccharide was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay., RESULTS: At 4 wk postpartum, 82 mothers were still breast-feeding their infants. DHA increases in maternal plasma, PBMCs, milk, and HMCs were proportional to dietary DHA. There was no relation between tissue DHA status and cytokine concentrations., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of < or = 600 mg DHA and 140 mg EPA/d for 4 wk increased n-3 PUFA concentrations in relevant tissues but did not cause perturbations in cytokine concentrations in human milk.
Maternal supplementation with CLA decreases milk fat in humans.; CLA refers to isomers of octadecadienoic acid with conjugated double bonds. The most abundant form of CLA (rumenic acid (RA): c9,t11-18:2) is found in milk and beef fat. Further, CLA supplements containing RA and t10,c12-18:2 are now available. Consumption of commercially produced CLA has been shown to decrease adipose accretion in growing laboratory and production animals and cause milk fat depression in cows. We tested the hypothesis that CLA supplementation would increase milk CLA concentration and decrease milk fat content in humans. Breastfeeding women (n = 9) participated in this double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study divided into three periods: intervention I (5 d), washout (7 d), and intervention II (5 d). Women were randomized to treatment order. During each intervention period, women consumed 1.5 g of CLA supplement or placebo (olive oil) daily; during the washout period, no supplements were consumed. Milk was collected by complete breast expression on the final day of each period; milk output was estimated by 24-h weighing on the penultimate day of each intervention period. Milk RA and t10,c12-18:2 concentrations were greater (P < 0.05) during the CLA treatment period as compared to the placebo period. Milk fat content was significantly lower during the CLA treatment, as compared to the placebo treatment (P < 0.05). Data indicate no effect of treatment on milk output. Therefore, it would be prudent that lactating women not consume commercially available CLA supplements at this time.
Acute effects of ingestion of black tea on postprandial platelet aggregation in human subjects.; Results of population studies suggest that black tea can reduce cardiovascular risk. Effects of black-tea polyphenols to reduce platelet aggregability may help to explain any benefits. Given that black tea is often consumed with and after meals, and man spends much of his life in the postprandial state, the objective of the present study was to investigate the acute effects of ingestion of black tea on postprandial platelet aggregation ex vivo. Twenty healthy participants had platelet aggregation and blood lipids assessed before and 4 h after the ingestion of 50 g dairy fat on two occasions in random order, corresponding to black tea or hot water. Black tea or hot water (one cup) was consumed immediately following the dairy fat, then after 15 and 30 h. Platelet aggregation ex vivo was assessed in platelet-rich plasma in response to three concentrations of collagen (0.2, 0.6, 20 microg/ml) and ADP (2, 4, 8 microM). Urinary concentrations of 4-O-methylgallic acid were used as an indicator that tea polyphenols were absorbed. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations increased significantly 4 h after ingesting the dairy fat, but there was no significant difference between black tea and hot-water treatments on the cholesterol or triacylglycerol responses. Urinary 4-O-methylgallic acid concentrations were significantly increased following ingestion of black tea (P=0.0001) but not water. Black tea in comparison to hot water did not inhibit collagen or ADP-induced postprandial platelet aggregation. The results of this study do not support the suggestion that reduced postprandial platelet aggregability contributes to any benefits of black tea on cardiovascular risk.
Cognitive research enhances accuracy of food frequency questionnaire reports: results of an experimental validation study.; OBJECTIVE: To test whether changing a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) on the basis of cognitive theory and testing results in greater accuracy. Accuracy was examined for 4 design issues: a) Grouping: asking about foods in a single vs multiple separate questions; b) different forms of a food: asking consumption frequency of each form of a food (eg, skim, 2%, whole milk) vs a nesting approach--asking frequency of the main food (eg, milk) and proportion of times each form was consumed; c) additions (eg, sugar to coffee): asking independent of the main food vs nested under the main foods; d) units: asking frequency and portion size vs frequency of units (eg, cups of coffee)., DESIGN: Participants in two randomly assigned groups completed 30 consecutive daily food reports (DFRs), followed by 1 of 2 FFQs that asked about foods consumed in the past month. One was a new, cognitively-based National Cancer Institute (NCI) Diet History Questionnaire; the other was the 1992 NCI-Block Health Habits and History Questionnaire., SUBJECTS/SETTING: 623 participants, age range 25 to 70 years, from metropolitan Washington, DC. Statistical analyses performed Accuracy was assessed by comparing DFR and FFQ responses using categorical (percent agreement) and continuous (rank order correlation, discrepancy scores) agreement statistics., RESULTS: Grouping: accuracy was greater using separate questions. Different forms of food: accuracy was greater using nesting. Additions: neither approach was consistently superior; accuracy of the addition report was affected by accuracy of the main food report. Units: both approaches were similarly accurate., CONCLUSIONS: Accuracy of FFQ reporting can be improved by restructuring questions based on cognitive theory and testing.
Effects of phytosterol ester-enriched margarine on plasma lipoproteins in mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia are related to basal cholesterol and fat intake.; Dietary phytosterols have been reported to lower total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. However, less is known about the influence of cholesterol and fat intake on the cholesterol-lowering effect of esterified phytosterols in mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. Sixty-three healthy subjects (38 women, 25 men, 42 +/- 11 years, LDL cholesterol > 130 mg/dL) were investigated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study. A total of 20 g/d of a phytosterol ester-enriched margarine (1.82 g/d of phytosterols) was compared with a control margarine (0.06 g/d of phytosterols). After 3 weeks of intake, participants crossed over to the other margarine. A 3-day dietary recall was performed at the beginning and at the end of the study to assess cholesterol, fat, and energy intake. Phytosterol ester-enriched margarine significantly changed total cholesterol (-3.4%, P <.005), LDL cholesterol (-5.4%, P <.001, 144 +/- 28 v 154 +/- 26 mg/dL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (+3.4%, P <.05), apolipoprotein B (-4.0%, P <.005), and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio (-7.8%, P <.001) compared with the control margarine. In the tertiles with the highest dietary intake of cholesterol, energy, total fat, and saturated fatty acids, and with the highest baseline proportion of campesterol to cholesterol, LDL cholesterol reduction was 11.6% (P <.001), 9.5% (P =.001), 9.4% (P =.001), 8.4% (P =.005), and 6.2% (P =.014), respectively. Triglycerides, plasma viscosity, and fibrinogen concentration did not change significantly. The improvements of LDL, HDL, total cholesterol, apolipoprotein B concentrations, and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio during the daily consumption of a phytosterol ester-enriched margarine were most marked in those subjects with a high dietary intake of cholesterol, energy, total fat, and saturated fatty acids and with high baseline cholesterol absorption. Copyright 2002 by W.B. Saunders Company
Kefir consumption does not alter plasma lipid levels or cholesterol fractional synthesis rates relative to milk in hyperlipidemic men: a randomized controlled trial [ISRCTN10820810].; BACKGROUND: Fermented milk products have been shown to affect serum cholesterol concentrations in humans. Kefir, a fermented milk product, has been traditionally consumed for its potential health benefits but has to date not been studied for its hypocholesterolemic properties., METHODS: Thirteen healthy mildly hypercholesterolemic male subjects consumed a dairy supplement in randomized crossover trial for 2 periods of 4 wk each. Subjects were blinded to the dairy supplement consumed. Blood samples were collected at baseline and after 4 wk of supplementation for measurement of plasma total, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, as well as fatty acid profile and cholesterol synthesis rate. Fecal samples were collected at baseline and after 2 and 4 wk of supplementation for determination of fecal short chain fatty acid level and bacterial content., RESULTS: Kefir had no effect on total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglyceride concentrations nor on cholesterol fractional synthesis rates after 4 wk of supplementation. No significant change on plasma fatty acid levels was observed with diet. However, both kefir and milk increased (p < 0.05) fecal isobutyric, isovaleric and propionic acids as well as the total amount of fecal short chain fatty acids. Kefir supplementation resulted in increased fecal bacterial content in the majority of the subjects., CONCLUSIONS: Since kefir consumption did not result in lowered plasma lipid concentrations, the results of this study do not support consumption of kefir as a cholesterol-lowering agent.
Increased sodium concentrations in drinking water increase blood pressure in neonates.; BACKGROUND: In a previous study, we found that increased sodium concentrations in the drinking water led to an increase in mean arterial pressure (MAP) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) in fourth- and fifth-grade school children. Milk powder formulae have a low content of sodium, almost identical to that of breast milk. However, the final sodium concentration in the milk formula depends upon the concentration of sodium in the diluting water, which varies remarkably., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate changes in blood pressure during the first 2 months of life in neonates receiving low-sodium mineral water (LSMW), high-sodium tap water (HSTW), or breast milk., DESIGN: A randomized, prospective study in a teaching hospital., METHODS: Fifty-eight Jewish term infants maintained on milk formula were randomly assigned to two groups. Group 1 consisted of 25 infants whose formula was diluted with LSMW (Eden Spring Mineral Water) having a sodium concentration of 32 mg/l (1.4 mmol/l). Group 2 contained 33 infants whose formula was diluted with HSTW having a sodium concentration of 196 mg/l (8.5 mmol/l). Fifteen breastfed babies served as the control group (group 3). Weekly weight, height, head circumference, heart rate, and systolic (SBP), diastolic (DBP) and mean (MAP) blood pressures were recorded for each infant for 8 consecutive weeks after birth. After 8 weeks, group 1 reverted to a diet similar to that of group 2. At 6 months of age (week 24), a follow-up blood pressure measurement was performed in 11, 20 and seven infants in groups 1, 2 and 3, respectively. Blood pressure was measured during sleep. Urinary sodium : creatinine ratio was determined monthly during the initial 2 months., RESULTS: Increases in weight and height were equal in all groups. Heart rate did not differ between groups during the entire study period. From the age of 6 weeks until week 8, MAP, SBP and DBP were found to be significantly greater in the group 2 (HSTW). In parallel, the urinary sodium : creatinine ratio was significantly greater in this group. At week 24, blood pressure values in group 1 increased towards those of group 2., CONCLUSIONS: Diluting milk formula with tap water containing a high concentration of sodium will result in the infant being fed a high-salt diet. To equilibrate with breast milk, formula should be diluted with low-salt water. Blood pressure in the neonate is increased by a high sodium intake via drinking water.
Longer term effects of early dietary cholesterol level on synthesis and circulating cholesterol concentrations in human infants.; De novo endogenous cholesterol synthesis is an integral component of developing human infant adaptive mechanisms that regulate cholesterol homeostasis. Smaller central pools of cholesterol later in life may contribute to reduced low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations in the plasma and thus reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Early infant adaptive mechanisms may theoretically result in altered central pools of cholesterol in later life. To examine the response of cholesterol homeostasis to long-term dietary cholesterol supplementation, endogenous cholesterol synthesis was studied in 81 full-term healthy neonates at 4 months or at 11 and 12 months of age. Thirty-two infants were breast-fed (BF) (6 males, 7 females), fed regular cows milk protein-based formula (RF) (6 males, 3 females) 0.85 mmol cholesterol/L (33 mg cholesterol/L), or fed regular cow milk protein-based formula with the addition of cholesterol (RF+cholesterol) (5 males, 5 females) 3.44 mmol cholesterol/L (133 mg cholesterol/L). Effects of cholesterol supplementation on cholesterol synthesis rates were evaluated at 4 months of age. Forty-nine other infants, BF (11 males, 6 females) fed RF (7 males, 12 females), or RF+cholesterol (6 males, 7 females) until 6 months of age were studied to test the hypothesis of imprinting using a cross-over design study with a 1-month 250 mg cholesterol/day challenge at 11 months of age. The incorporation rate of deuterium in body water into erythrocyte-free cholesterol over 48 hours was used as an index of cholesterol fractional synthetic rate (FSR) at 4, 11, and 12 months of age. Both plasma total- and LDL-C were higher (P <.04) in BF compared with RF+cholesterol and RF formula-fed groups at 4 months of age. Plasma cholesterol concentrations for all 3 groups were similar at 11 and 12 months of age. FSR (pools/d) was 4-fold higher (P <.0001) in both RF and RF+cholesterol compared with BF groups, but not different between RF and RF+cholesterol formula-fed groups. No differences in FSR before and after cholesterol challenge were observed within the 3 feeding groups at 11 and 12 months of age. However, synthesis rates from 4 months to 12 months increased (P <.03) in BF infants and decreased in both RF+cholesterol (P <.0001) and RF (P <.0001) fed groups. These results demonstrate relative insensitivity of synthesis rates and serum cholesterol concentrations to cholesterol challenge, irrespective of early dietary cholesterol intake in formula-fed and BF infants. These findings support the notion that early dietary cholesterol causes minimal changes in cholesterol metabolism about 6 months after dietary exposure in young infants. Copyright 2002 by W.B. Saunders Company
Effects of plant stanol esters supplied in low-fat yoghurt on serum lipids and lipoproteins, non-cholesterol sterols and fat soluble antioxidant concentrations.; Oil-based products enriched with plant stanol esters can lower low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations by 10-14%. Effectiveness of low-fat products, however, has never been evaluated, although such products fit into a healthy diet. We therefore examined the effects of plant stanol esters emulsified into low-fat yoghurt (0.7% fat) on fasting concentrations of plasma lipids and lipid-soluble antioxidants, which may also change by plant stanol consumption. Sixty non-hypercholesterolemic subjects first consumed daily three cups (3 x 150 ml) of placebo yoghurt for 3 weeks. For the next 4 weeks, 30 subjects continued with the placebo yoghurt, while the other 30 subjects received three cups of experimental yoghurt. Each cup provided 1 g of plant stanols (0.71 g sitostanol plus 0.29 g campestanol) as its fatty acid ester. LDL cholesterol (mean+/-S.D.) increased by 0.06+/-0.21 mmol/l in the placebo group, but decreased by -0.34+/-0.30 mmol/l in the experimental group. The difference in changes between the two groups of 0.40 mmol or 13.7% was highly significant (P<0.001; 95% confidence interval for the difference, (-)0.26 -(-)0.53 mmol/l). Effects were already maximal after 1 week. HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations did not change. Total tocopherol levels increased by 1.43 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (14.0%, P=0.015). beta-carotene levels, however, decreased by -0.02 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (-14.4%, P=0.038). Decreases in absolute beta-carotene concentrations were found in all apoB-containing lipoproteins. LDL-cholesterol standardised phytofluene levels decreased by 21.4+/-25.7% (P<0.001), while other plasma carotenoid (lutein/zeaxanthin, beta-cryptoxanthin, lycopene and alpha-carotene) levels did not change significantly. We conclude that low-fat yoghurt enriched with plant stanol esters lowers within 1 week LDL cholesterol to the same extent as oil-based products. LDL-cholesterol standardised concentrations of tocopherol increased. The observed decrease in beta-carotene levels, as found in many other studies, appears not to be limited to the LDL fraction.
Serum cholesterol response to replacing butter with a new trans-free margarine in hypercholesterolemic subjects.; UNLABELLED: Margarine leads to lower total and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) levels than butter but may contain trans fatty acids that increase atherogenic lipids. A food company has used data concerning the cholesterolemic effects of individual fatty acids, including trans fatty acids, to develop a commercially available and virtually trans-free margarine., OBJECTIVE: The effect of this novel margarine on serum lipids and lipoproteins was compared with that of butter in free-living, hypercholesterolemic subjects., DESIGN AND SETTING: A two-period, outpatient cross-over trial at a university hospital lipid clinic., SUBJECTS: The study involved 77 subjects, and was completed by 53 men and 19 women aged 35-65 years with total serum cholesterol levels of between 6.0 and 7.9 mmol/L., INTERVENTION: Two 23-day regimens, separated by a 4-week washout period, included individualised dietary prescriptions supplemented with butter or margarine designed to provide 15% of total dietary energy., RESULTS: In comparison with butter, margarine intake lowered total and LDL-C levels by respectively 11.1% (99% CI: 8.1-14.1) and 11.3% (99% CI: 7.6-15.1). The reduction in LDL-C was < 3% in nearly one-fifth of the subjects despite appropriate changes in serum triglyceride fatty acids. Of the tested clinical and demographic variables, only the percentage of energy obtained from saturated fat during the margarine intake period was associated with dietary responsiveness (explaining 12% of the variation; p < 0.01)., CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that a margarine designed to meet nutritional recommendations for hypercholesterolemia is more efficacious than butter in reducing atherogenic lipid levels in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
A prospective, single-blind, randomized controlled trial of antiseptic cream for recurrent epistaxis in childhood.; Epistaxis is common in children. Trials show antiseptic cream is as effective as cautery, but it is not known whether either is better than no treatment. We wished to know the efficacy of cream in children with recurrent epistaxis. The design was a single-blind, prospective, randomized controlled trial set in the Otolaryngology clinic in a children's hospital. The participants were 103 children referred by their general practitioner for recurrent epistaxis. Excluded were those with suspected tumours, bleeding disorders or allergies to constituents of the cream. Referral letters were randomized to treatment and no treatment groups. Treatment was antiseptic cream to the nose twice daily for 4 weeks, which was prescribed by the general practitioner before clinic attendance. All children were given an appointment for 8 weeks after randomization. The main outcome measures were the proportion of children in each group with no epistaxis in the 4 weeks preceding clinic review. Complete data were available for 88 (85%) of the children. Of the treatment group, 26/47 (55%) had no epistaxis in the 4 weeks before the clinic appointment. Of the controls, 12/41 (29%) had no epistaxis over the 4 weeks. This is a relative risk reduction of 47% for persistent bleeding (95% CI 9-69%) and an absolute risk reduction of 26% (95% CI 12-40%), giving a number needed to treat of 3.8 (95% CI 2.5-8.5). We conclude that antiseptic cream is an effective treatment for recurrent epistaxis in children.
Nutrition, acid-base status and growth in early childhood.; Optimal growth is only possible in a well-balanced "inner milieu". Premature infants are especially vulnerable for disturbances of acid-base metabolism with a predisposition to metabolic acidosis due to a transient disproportion between age-related low renal capacity for net acid excretion (NAE) and an unphysiologically high actual renal NAE on nutrition with standard formulas. During a 50 month period, 452 low birth-weight infants were screened for spontaneous development of incipient late metabolic acidosis (ILMA), an early stage during the development of retention acidosis, characterized by maximum renal acid stimulation (MRAS, urine-pH < 5.4) on two consecutive days but still compensated systemic acid-base status. Compared with controls, patients with ILMA showed higher serum creatinine values, an increased urinary excretion of sodium, aldosterone and nitrogen, but only slightly lower blood pH (7.38 vs 7.41) and base excess (-2.8 vs. 0.2 mmol/l) with respiratory compensation (PCO2 35 vs 37 mm Hg). Patients with altogether 149 episodes of ILMA were subsequently randomly allocated to either treatment with NaHCO3 2 mmol/kg/d for 7 days or no special therapy in protocol I, or NaHCO3 vs NaCl each 2 mmol/kg/d for 7 days in protocol II. Patients of protocol I with persistent MRAS for 7 days showed lowest weight gain and a tendency for a further increase in urinary aldosterone and nitrogen excretion. NaCl supplementation (protocol II) seemed to promote weight gain without affecting either impaired mineralization or suboptimal nitrogen retention. Patients with alkali therapy under both protocols showed normal weight gain and normalization of hormonal stimulation, mineralization (protocol II) and nitrogen assimilation. Modification of the mineral content of a standard preterm formula decreased renal NAE to the low level seen on alimentation with human milk and reduced the incidence of ILMA in preterm and small-for-gestational-age infants to 1%. The data show that ILMA is associated with impaired growth. Activation of secondary homeostatic mechanisms (extracellular volume contraction, depletion of disposable net base pools) might be important for impaired growth. Production of new formulas for reduced renal NAE could be an effective general preventive measure to reduce the clinical importance of one component of mixed acid-base disorders in early childhood.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters and non-esterified stanols in margarine, butter and low-fat foods.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the efficacy on plasma cholesterol-lowering of plant sterol esters or non-esterified stanols eaten within low-fat foods as well as margarine., DESIGN: Randomised, controlled, single-blind study with sterol esters and non-esterified plant stanols provided in breakfast cereal, bread and spreads. Study 1 comprised 12 weeks during which sterol esters (2.4 g) and stanol (2.4 g)-containing foods were eaten during 4 week test periods of cross-over design following a 4 week control food period. In Study 2, in a random order cross-over design, a 50% dairy fat spread with or without 2.4 g sterol esters daily was tested., SUBJECTS: Hypercholesterolaemic subjects; 22 in study 1 and 15 in study 2., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma lipids, plasma sterols, plasma carotenoids and tocopherols., RESULTS: Study 1-median LDL cholesterol was reduced by the sterol esters (-13.6%; P<0.001 by ANOVA on ranks; P<0.05 by pairwise comparison) and by stanols (-8.3%; P=0.003, ANOVA and <0.05 pairwise comparison). With sterol esters plasma plant sterol levels rose (35% for sitosterol, 51% for campesterol; P<0.001); plasma lathosterol rose 20% (P=0.03), indicating compensatory increased cholesterol synthesis. With stanols, plasma sitosterol fell 22% (P=0.004), indicating less cholesterol absorption. None of the four carotenoids measured in plasma changed significantly. In study 2, median LDL cholesterol rose 6.5% with dairy spread and fell 12.2% with the sitosterol ester fortified spread (P=0.03 ANOVA and <5% pairwise comparison)., CONCLUSION: 1. Plant sterol esters and non-esterified stanols, two-thirds of which were incorporated into low-fat foods, contributed effectively to LDL cholesterol lowering, extending the range of potential foods. 2. The LDL cholesterol-raising effect of butter fat could be countered by including sterol esters. 3. Plasma carotenoids and tocopherols were not reduced in this study., SPONSORSHIP: Meadow Lea Foods, Australia.
The glycaemic index values of Vietnamese foods.; OBJECTIVE: To determine and compare the glycaemic index (GI) values of a range of Vietnamese foods in two racial groups., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Twelve healthy subjects (six Asian and six Caucasian) consumed 50 g carbohydrate portions of a reference food (glucose sugar) and nine Vietnamese foods (three rices, three noodle products and three sweet foods) in random order after an overnight fast. The reference food was tested on two separate occasions, and the Vietnamese foods were each tested once. Capillary blood samples were taken at time 0 (fasting), 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 min from the start of each meal. Samples were analysed for plasma glucose and the incremental areas under the plasma glucose curves (AUC) were used to calculate the GI values of the test foods, using glucose as the reference food (ie GI value of glucose=100). The mean GI value of each food was calculated for the entire group of subjects (n=12) and for both racial groups (n=6)., RESULTS: The three rices had surprisingly high GI values (86-109), whereas the noodle products had relatively low GI values (39-61). The sugar-rich foods produced intermediate GI values (54-79). The GI values for the nine foods calculated separately for the two racial groups were not significantly different from each other (P=0.26)., CONCLUSIONS: The GI values derived from Caucasian subjects are likely to be applicable to Asian populations. Varieties of imported rice from Thailand were found to have high GI values. Alternative low-GI staples, such as rice noodles, may be preferable for Asian/Vietnamese people with diabetes., SPONSORSHIP: This study was funded by the University of Sydney.
Estimating the efficacy of interventions to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV in breast-feeding populations: development of a consensus methodology.; Postnatal transmission of HIV through breast milk complicates both the design of effective interventions to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV (PMTCT) and their evaluation. Estimated long-term efficacy in five African trials (four with peri-partum antiretrovirals and one with artificial feeding) varied from 25 to 50 per cent. This variation may be due, at least in part, to differences in analytical methodology. To facilitate direct comparison between trials, a methodological consensus approach to the analysis and presentation of the results of PMTCT trials was developed. The initial methodology used and results presented from African trials with available long-term efficacy data were reviewed during a workshop in Bordeaux, France, in September 2000. A consensus approach for evaluating efficacy applicable across PMTCT studies was developed. There are four typical situations defined by duration of follow-up (short versus long), and the available demographic (vital status) and biological data (single versus repeat HIV testing). Efficacy can be assessed from the risk of infection directly or from HIV-free survival by combining infection and death as a single endpoint. Studies should report results in a standardized format including infection, weaning, mortality and loss to follow-up. New statistical methods that account for the unknown date when a child would first test positive for HIV, for weaning as a competing risk for HIV infection, and for increased risk of death among HIV-infected children should be used in analysing data from PMTCT studies with repeat HIV testing. All estimates should be reported with confidence intervals. This standardized methodology that allows direct comparison between studies is now being applied to four randomized clinical trials. Copyright 2001 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Enhancement of immunity in the elderly by dietary supplementation with the probiotic Bifidobacterium lactis HN019.; BACKGROUND: The aging process can lead to a decline in cellular immunity. Therefore, the elderly could benefit from safe and effective interventions that restore cellular immune functions., OBJECTIVE: We determined whether dietary supplementation with the known immunostimulating probiotic Bifidobacterium lactis HN019 could enhance aspects of cellular immunity in elderly subjects., DESIGN: Thirty healthy elderly volunteers (age range: 63-84 y; median: 69 y) participated in a 3-stage dietary supplementation trial lasting 9 wk. During stage 1 (run-in), subjects consumed low-fat milk (200 mL twice daily for 3 wk) as a base-diet control. During stage 2 (intervention), they consumed milk supplemented with B. lactis HN019 in a typical dose (5 x 10(10) organisms/d) or a low dose (5 x 10(9) organisms/d) for 3 wk. During stage 3 (washout), they consumed low-fat milk for 3 wk. Changes in the relative proportions of leukocyte subsets and ex vivo leukocyte phagocytic and tumor-cell-killing activity were determined longitudinally by assaying peripheral blood samples., RESULTS: Increases in the proportions of total, helper (CD4(+)), and activated (CD25(+)) T lymphocytes and natural killer cells were measured in the subjects' blood after consumption of B. lactis HN019. The ex vivo phagocytic capacity of mononuclear and polymorphonuclear phagocytes and the tumoricidal activity of natural killer cells were also elevated after B. lactis HN019 consumption. The greatest changes in immunity were found in subjects who had poor pretreatment immune responses. In general, the 2 doses of B. lactis HN019 had similar effectiveness., CONCLUSION: B. lactis HN019 could be an effective probiotic dietary supplement for enhancing some aspects of cellular immunity in the elderly.
Hydrogenated fat consumption affects acylation-stimulating protein levels and cholesterol esterification rates in moderately hypercholesterolemic women.; To determine whether hydrogenated fat consumption alters triglyceride metabolism and cholesterol esterification rates, 14 women (65-71 years of age) were provided with each of four diets for 5-week periods according to a randomized cross-over design. The experimental diets contained either soybean oil (SO), low trans squeeze (SQM), medium trans tub (TM), or high trans stick (SM) margarines. Triglyceride uptake by adipose tissue was determined by measuring plasma acylation-stimulating protein (ASP), FFA, glucose, and insulin levels, while rates of transfer and esterification rate of newly synthesized cholesterol (ER) were derived by using plasma CETP levels and the deuterium incorporation methodology. Plasma ASP levels were lowest (P < 0.05) in subjects on the SM diet (33.4 +/- 12.7 nM) compared with the SO (48.7 +/- 17.0 nM) and SQM (50.7 +/- 15.7 nM) diets. Conversely, FFA were highest (P < 0.05) on the SM diet (0.86 +/- 0.45 mM) relative to all the other diets. No differences were observed in plasma glucose and insulin levels among diets. A trend toward higher CETP levels after consumption of the SM diet was observed. However, the ER was lowest (P < 0.05) after the SM (0.111 +/- 0.062 g x day(-1)) diet and highest after consumption of the SQM (0.216 +/- 0.123 g x day(-1)) diet. In addition, ASP levels were negatively correlated with FFA (r = -0.63, P < 0.05), LDL cholesterol (r = -0.56, P < 0.05), and TG (r = -0.41, P < 0.05), whereas FFA was positively correlated with apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins (r = 0.58 and 0.47, for VLDL and LDL cholesterol, P < 0.05), and negatively correlated with HDL cholesterol (r = -0.51, P < 0.05). The ER was found to positively correlate with HDL cholesterol and HDL2 subfraction (r = 0.53 and 0.45, respectively, P < 0.05). Taken together, these data demonstrate that the alterations in circulating lipid levels, commonly observed with consumption of hydrogenated fat-rich diets, can be explained in part by changes in ASP activity as well as newly synthesized cholesterol ER.
Similar effects on infants of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids supplementation to pregnant and lactating women.; OBJECTIVE: There have been indications that high intake of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) during pregnancy may increase birth weight and gestational length. In addition, n-3 long-chain PUFAs may be important for the neurobiological development of the infants. High levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3) are found in the gray matter of the cerebral cortex and in the retina, and it seems as if the availability of long-chain PUFAs may be limiting cerebral development. The fetus and the newborn are dependent on a high supply from their mothers, either via the placenta or via breast milk. We supplemented pregnant and lactating women with n-3 or n-6 long-chain PUFAs to evaluate the effect on birth weight, gestational length, and infant development., DESIGN: We performed a double-blind, randomized study recruiting 590 pregnant, healthy, nulli- or primiparous women (19-35 years old) in weeks 17 to 19 of pregnancy. The women were provided 10 mL of either cod liver oil or corn oil daily until 3 months after delivery., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcomes were gestational length and birth weight. Electroencephalography (EEG) was done on the second day of life and at 3 months of age. Novelty preference (Fagan test) was used as an indicator of cognitive function at 6 and 9 months of age. The fatty acid pattern in umbilical plasma phospholipids and in breast milk was measured, and dietary assessments were performed, both on the mothers during pregnancy and on the infants at 3 months of age. The growth of the infants was followed up to 1 year of age., RESULTS: Three hundred forty-one mothers took part in the study until delivery. There were no significant differences in maternal body mass index before pregnancy and at birth, or parity between the 2 groups. Smoking habits and parental education were also similar in the 2 groups. The mean age of the mothers receiving cod liver oil was, by chance, 1 year higher than the age of the mothers receiving corn oil (28.6 [3.4] vs 27.6 [3.2] years). The maternal dietary intake in the 2 groups receiving cod liver oil or corn oil was similar, except for the supplementation. There were no differences in gestational length or birth weight between the cod liver oil group and the corn oil group (279.6 [9.2] vs 279.2 [9.3] days; 3609 [493] vs 3618 [527] g, respectively). Birth length, head circumference, and placental weight were also similar in the 2 groups. The concentrations of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 n-3), docosapentaenoic acid (22:5 n-3), and DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids were higher in the cod liver oil group compared with the corn oil group (10.8 [7.6] vs 2.5 [1.8] microg/mL, 5.0 [2.6] vs 2.9 [1.3] microg/mL, 55.8 [20.6] vs 45.3 [12.8] microg/mL, respectively). Neonates with high concentration of DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids (upper quartile) had longer gestational length than neonates with low concentration (lower quartile; 282.5 [8.5] vs 275.4 [9.3] days). No differences in EEG scores or Fagan scores were found, but neonates with mature EEG (N = 70) had a higher concentration of DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids than neonates with immature EEG (N = 51) on the second day of life. Dietary information from 251 infants at 3 months of age was collected and 85% of these infants were exclusively breastfed, in addition to 12% who were partly breastfed. The breast milk of mothers supplemented with cod liver oil contained more n-3 long-chain PUFAs and less n-6 long-chain PUFAs than breast milk of mothers supplemented with corn oil. There were no significant differences in infant growth during the first year of life between the 2 groups., CONCLUSIONS: This study shows neither harmful nor beneficial effects of maternal supplementation of long-chain n-3 PUFAs regarding pregnancy outcome, cognitive development, or growth, as compared with supplementation with n-6 fatty acids. However, it confirms that DHA concentration may be related to gestational length and cerebral maturation of the newborn.
The effects of yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of a yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 8 h post-consumption in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects, and to assess energy compensation over the following 24 h., DESIGN: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject crossover design was used. Twenty (10 female, 10 male) non-overweight (body mass index (BMI) 20-24.9 kg/m(2)), 20 (10 female, 10 male) overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m(2)) and 20 (13 female, 7 male) obese (BMI>30 kg/m(2)) subjects participated in the study. Subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, either a 200 g portion of a test (5 g of a novel fat emulsion+1 g milk fat) or control (6 g milk fat) yoghurt at 09:00 h. At 4 and 8 h post-consumption subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed were determined by pre and post-covert weighing of individual serving dishes. Over the following 24 h subjects weighed and recorded all food intakes., RESULTS: Mean energy intakes were significantly lower after the test yoghurt compared with the control yoghurt in non-overweight (3.79 vs 5.43 MJ; P<0.01) and overweight (4.43 vs 6.12 MJ; P<0.001) subjects 4 h post-consumption and in non-overweight (3.82 vs 5.38 MJ; P<0.001), overweight (3.94 vs 5.80 MJ; P<0.001) and obese (4.91 vs 6.26 MJ; P<0.01) subjects 8 h post-consumption. The corresponding macronutrient intakes were also significantly reduced in non-overweight and overweight subjects (P<0.01) at 4 h post-consumption and in all subjects 8 h post-consumption (P<0.01). In the total group, energy intakes over the following 24 h were also significantly reduced (6.35 vs 7.70 MJ; P<0.01) after the test yoghurt relative to the control yoghurt., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the effects of this novel fat emulsion are maintained at least up to 8 h and are evident in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects.
Effect of feeding yogurt versus milk in children with acute diarrhea and carbohydrate malabsorption.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to compare the effect of infant formula and the same formula subjected to microbial fermentation (yogurt) on the duration of diarrhea in young children with acute watery diarrhea, with or without reducing substances in stools., METHODS: One hundred twelve well-nourished children, aged 3 to 24 months, who were admitted to the hospital with acute watery diarrhea were included in a randomized trial. After appropriate rehydration, they were fed either an infant formula (group M, n = 56) or the same formula fermented with Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus (group Y, n = 56). The two feedings were comparable in lactose concentration (40 to 42 g/L), pH 4.5, flavor, and texture. The groups were subdivided into those with or without reducing sugars in stools at presentation. The presence of reducing sugars in stool was used as a marker of carbohydrate malabsorption., RESULTS: Group M and group Y had comparable clinical characteristics at admission, including the number of patients with reducing sugars in stools (n = 31 in group M and 27 in group Y). The success rate (cessation of diarrhea and appropriate weight gain 7 days after enrollment into the study) was similar in both groups (82% in group M vs. 84% group Y). Clinical failure was 3.6% in both groups. The percentage of patients withdrawn from the study for medical reasons (5.4% in group M vs. 7.1% in group Y) or withdrawn at the parents' request (8.9% in group M vs. 5.4% in group Y) was similar. Duration of diarrhea and number of stools were significantly less in group Y compared with group M. Forty-eight hours after inclusion, diarrhea was still present in 62% of group M versus in 35% of group Y (P < 0.002). In children with reducing sugars in stools, the rate of success (82%) was similar in groups M and Y, but the duration of diarrhea and number of stools per day were significantly decreased in group Y. Forty-height hours after inclusion, diarrhea was still present in 75% of group M patients and in 20% of group Y patients who had reducing substances in the stool., CONCLUSION: Young children with acute watery diarrhea, without malnutrition or associated disease, can be equally well treated with feeding of either infant formula or yogurt. Yogurt feeding is associated with a clinically relevant decrease in stool frequency and duration of diarrhea in children who have reducing sugars in stools.
Randomized, multicenter trial of two different formulas for very early enteral feeding advancement in extremely-low-birth-weight infants.; BACKGROUND: In extremely-low-birth-weight (ELBW) infants, formula feeding is required if human milk is not available. The tolerance of a new 'high' lactose (55 g/L), low protein, low phosphate, hydrolyzed protein formula (HLF) for early enteral feeding advancement of ELBW infants was compared with that of a low lactose (1 g/L) hydrolyzed protein formula (LLF)., METHODS: In a randomized multicenter trial, 99 ELBW infants were fed according to a standardized protocol beginning at 48 hours of age with 12 ml/kg daily increments. Primary outcome was the cumulative milk feeding volume (CFV) from days 3 to 14. The authors hypothesized that feeding HLF as a supplement to human milk would increase the CFV at least by 20% in at least 60% of matched pairs compared with LLF. A secondary issue was to investigate whether human milk would increase the CFV compared with formula., RESULTS: The CFV was 720 mL/kg (range, 0-962 mL/kg) with HLF and 613 mL/kg (range, 3-1,283 mL/kg) with LLF feeding. There was no 20% difference. On day 14, the median feeding volume was 103 mL/kg. The CFV was 533 mL/kg (range, 0-962 mL/kg) in infants who received less than 10% of human milk and 832 mL/kg (range, 74-1,283 mL/kg) in infants who received more than 10%. Necrotizing enterocolitis (Bell stage > or =2) occurred only with LLF feeding (n = 5; P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The study failed to find the hypothesized 20% advantage of the new HLF. The observed advantage of human milk supports the hypothesis that it should be the first diet in ELBW infants; however, this hypothesis still must be confirmed in a controlled, randomized trial.
Dairy products, calcium, and prostate cancer risk in the Physicians' Health Study.; BACKGROUND: A high calcium intake, mainly from dairy products, may increase prostate cancer risk by lowering concentrations of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) [1,25(OH)(2)D(3)], a hormone thought to protect against prostate cancer. The results of epidemiologic studies of this hypothesis are inconclusive., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association between dairy product and calcium intakes and prostate cancer risk in the Physicians' Health Study, a cohort of male US physicians., DESIGN: At baseline, the men answered abbreviated dietary questionnaires. During 11 y of follow-up, we documented 1012 incident cases of prostate cancer among 20885 men. We estimated dairy calcium intake on the basis of consumption of 5 major dairy products and used logistic regression to estimate relative risk., RESULTS: At baseline, men who consumed >600 mg Ca/d from skim milk had lower plasma 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) concentrations than did those consuming < or =150 mg Ca/d [71 compared with 85 pmol/L (30.06 compared with 35.64 pg/mL); P = 0.005]. Compared with men consuming 2.5 servings had a multivariate relative risk of prostate cancer of 1.34 (95% CI: 1.04, 1.71) after adjustment for baseline age, body mass index, smoking, exercise, and randomized treatment assignment in the original placebo-controlled trial. Compared with men consuming 600 mg/d had a 32% higher risk of prostate cancer (95% CI: 1.08, 1.63)., CONCLUSIONS: These results support the hypothesis that dairy products and calcium are associated with a greater risk of prostate cancer.
A feeding protocol for healthy preterm infants that shortens time to oral feeding.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that healthy preterm infants randomly assigned to a semi-demand feeding protocol would require fewer days to attain oral feeding and have a satisfactory weight gain compared with control infants receiving standard care., STUDY DESIGN: In 2 neonatal intensive care nurseries, 81 infants 32 to < or = 34 weeks' postconceptional age were randomly assigned to the control (n = 41) or experimental (n = 40) protocol for transition from gavage to oral feedings. The control protocol followed the standard practice of gradually increasing scheduled oral feedings, whereas the experimental protocol used a semi-demand feeding method contingent on infant behavior. Analysis of variance techniques were used to compare the study groups for number of days to attain oral feeding and weight gain., RESULTS: The semi-demand method shortened the time for infants to achieve oral feeding by 5 days (P < .001). There were no differences in weight gain between the study groups, and both groups had satisfactory weight gain., CONCLUSION: The semi-demand method for the transition from gavage to oral feeding in healthy, preterm infants 32 to < or = 34 weeks postconceptional age promotes faster attainment of oral feeding and does not compromise their weight gain.
The effects of lactation education and a prosthetic obturator appliance on feeding efficiency in infants with cleft lip and palate.; OBJECTIVE: This prospective study examined the effect of lactation instruction and palatal obturation in decreasing time to feed, increasing intake, and on growth in eight breast milk bottle-fed newborn infants with cleft lip, cleft palate, or both., DESIGN: An A, B1, C1, B2, and C2 reversal design was used with eight mothers. In A, baseline data on minutes fed by breast were recorded. In B1, baseline on minutes fed with a Haberman bottle was recorded. In C1, minutes fed following lactation education and palatal obturation were documented. Lactation education was information given to mothers to recognize infant feeding cues and to have infant-led feedings. The palatal obturator was a passive molding appliance. In B2, the obturator was removed and minutes fed noted. In C2, the obturator was returned and lactation support provided. Mothers kept feeding logs, satisfaction was assessed, and infant breast milk intake and flow rate were recorded during each study phase. Routine nutrition evaluation of weight, height, weight for height, and feed volume was completed by a registered dietitian during and following completion of the study., RESULTS: Feeding times decreased with all infants, volume consumed increased with seven of eight infants, and flow rate increased with all infants. Mean feeding times during B1 and B2 phases (Haberman bottle only) were 34.4 and 32.3 minutes, respectively. Mean feeding times during C1 and C2 phases (obturation and lactation education) were 15.1 and 15.6 minutes. Volume of milk consumed during B1 and B2 feedings averaged 36.5 and 37 mL, compared with 67 mL and 76 mL during C1 and C2 phases. Growth as measured by height, weight gain, and weight for height during the study and the first 2 years of life compared favorably with that of children born without clefts., CONCLUSIONS: The combined use of a palatal obturator and lactation education reduced feeding time and increased volume intake and was associated with good growth. Mothers who had desired to breast-feed elected to use the obturator to support high-volume intake, decrease infant fatigue, and provide breast milk for nutrition.
Plant sterol-enriched margarine lowers plasma LDL in hyperlipidemic subjects with low cholesterol intake: effect of fibrate treatment.; Phytosterols, found in fat-soluble fractions of plants, chemically resemble cholesterol and inhibit cholesterol absorption in the small intestine. Phytosterol consumption in human subjects reduces plasma total and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. The primary aim of this study was to determine the efficacy of a low-fat spread enriched with plant sterols in reducing total and LDL-C concentrations in primary hypercholesterolemia. The secondary objective was to evaluate whether patients receiving a lipid-lowering drug (fibrate) might differ in their response to plant sterols. The study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled two-period cross-over trial with two treatments and three periods. Both treatment periods lasted 2 months, with a washout period (2 months) between them. Spread enriched with plant sterols was compared to non-enriched control spread. Fortified fat spread provided 1.6 g/day of plant sterols derived from edible vegetable oils and fatty acids from sunflower seed oil. The plant sterol content consisted of sitosterol esters (50%), campesterol esters (25%), stigmasterol esters (20%) and 10% of other esters. Data in 53 hypercholesterolemic patients (31 females and 22 males) who completed the study were as follows: patients were 58+/-12 years of age with mean body mass index 23.5+/-2.8 kg/m2 (mean+/-SD). No adverse side-effects of the diet were reported. Plasma total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations were significantly reduced by 6.4% and 8.8%, respectively, after using the spread enriched in plant sterols, as compared to controls (0.0% and 1.3%, respectively). No effect on high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and lipoprotein(a) concentrations was detected. When subjects were divided in two subgroups according to fibrate treatment, supplementation with phytosterols decreased plasma cholesterol and LDL-C by 8.5% and 11.1%, respectively in the subgroup of patients treated with fibrates. In the group of patients who did not receive fibrates, consumption of plant sterol margarine reduced plasma cholesterol and LDL-C by 5.5% and 7.7%, respectively. Spread enriched with plant sterol esters significantly lowers blood total and LDL-C levels without affecting HDL-C concentrations, in a hypercholesterolemic population following a strict low cholesterol diet (NCEP step1). In addition, a combination of fibrate treatment and plant sterol ester-supplemented spread offers a safe and effective measure to significantly decrease abnormally high cholesterol levels. We conclude that phytosterol-enriched spread is a useful adjunctive therapy for hypercholesterolemic patients.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of spreads enriched with microcrystalline plant sterols in hypercholesterolemic subjects.; BACKGROUND: Plant sterols have been shown to reduce serum lipid concentrations. The effectiveness is highly dependent on the physical state of the plant sterols. By means of a new crystallizing method, plant sterols can be added into dietary fats and oils homogeneously. In this fat ingredient, plant sterols are in a microcrystalline form., AIMS OF THE STUDY: We investigated the cholesterol-lowering effect and possible side effects of vegetable oil-based spreads fortified with two different doses of microcrystalline plant sterols., METHODS: This double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled study consisted of a 6-wk run-in and a 6-month experimental period. During the run-in period, all 155 hypercholesterolemic subjects received rapeseed oil-based control spread. In the beginning of the experimental period subjects were randomly assigned into one of three experimental groups. The control group continued to use control spread, and the two test groups used spreads with added plant sterols of either 1.5 g/d or 3.0 g/d. The subjects consumed test spreads as a part of their normal diet without any restrictions in lifestyle and diet., RESULTS: Plasma total- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly reduced by 7.5-11.6% (0.46-0.62 mmol/1) in groups consuming margarine enriched with free plant sterols, compared with the control group. The effects were similar between the two groups consuming either 1.5g or 3.0 g plant sterols per day. No effect on HDL-cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations occurred. The test spreads did not induce any adverse effects in blood clinical chemistry, hematology or decreases in serum concentrations of lipid soluble vitamins., CONCLUSIONS: Microcrystalline plant sterols are effective in lowering serum total- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations without obvious side effects. The daily dose of 1.5 g plant sterols is enough to reach the maximum effect.
DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet is effective treatment for stage 1 isolated systolic hypertension.; Use of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure. Among the 459 participants in the DASH Trial, 72 had stage 1 isolated systolic hypertension (ISH) (systolic blood pressure, 140 to 159 mm Hg; diastolic blood pressure, <90 mm Hg). We examined the blood pressure response in these 72 participants to determine whether the DASH diet is an effective treatment for stage 1 ISH. After a 3-week run-in period on a typical American (control) diet, participants were randomly assigned for 8 weeks to 1 of 3 diets: a continuation of the control diet (n=25), a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (n=24), or the DASH diet (n=23). Sodium content was the same in the 3 diets, and caloric intake was adjusted during the trial to prevent weight change. Blood pressure was measured at baseline and at the end of the 8-week intervention period with standard sphygmomanometry. Use of the DASH diet significantly lowered systolic blood pressure compared with the control diet (-11.2 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval, -6.1 to -16.2 mm Hg; P<0.001) and the fruits/vegetables diet (-8.0 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval, -2.5 to -13.4 mm Hg; P<0.01). Overall, blood pressure in the DASH group fell from 146/85 to 134/82 mm Hg. Similar results were observed with 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure measurements. In the DASH diet group, 18 of 23 participants (78%) reduced their systolic blood pressure to <140 mm Hg, compared with 24% and 50% in the control and fruits/vegetables groups, respectively. Our results indicate that the DASH diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, is effective as first-line therapy in stage 1 ISH.
Dietary probiotic supplementation enhances natural killer cell activity in the elderly: an investigation of age-related immunological changes.; Many elderly subjects are at increased risk of infectious and noninfectious diseases due to an age-related decline in lymphoid cell activity (immunosenescence). Noninvasive means of enhancing cellular immunity are therefore desirable in the elderly. Previous reports have suggested that dietary supplementation could represent an effective means of enhancing the activity of circulating natural killer (NK) cells in the elderly. In the present study, we have conducted a pre-post intervention trial to determine the impact of dietary supplementation with probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB) on peripheral blood NK cell activity in healthy elderly subjects. Twenty-seven volunteers consumed low-fat/low-lactose milk supplemented with known immunostimulatory LAB strains (Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001 or Bifidobacterium lactis HN019) for a period of 3 weeks. A dietary run-in of milk alone was shown to have no significant effect on NK cells. In contrast, the proportion of CD56-positive lymphocytes in peripheral circulation was higher following consumption of either LAB strain, and ex vivo PBMC tumoricidal activity against K562 cells was also increased. Supplementation with HN001 or HN019 increased tumoricidal activity by an average of 101 and 62%, respectively; these increases were significantly correlated with age, with subjects older than 70 years experiencing significantly greater improvements than those under 70 years. These results demonstrate that dietary consumption of probiotic LAB in a milk-based diet may offer benefit to elderly consumers to combat some of the deleterious effects of immunosenescence on cellular immunity.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with plant sterols on serum lipids in patients with moderate hypercholesterolaemia.; The objective of the present study was to assess the effect of consumption of a yoghurt-based drink enriched with 1-2 g plant sterols/d on serum lipids, transaminases, vitamins and hormone status in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia. Thirty patients were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a low-fat low-lactose yoghurt-based drink enriched with 1 g plant sterol extracted from soyabean/d v. a low-fat low-lactose yoghurt, for a period of 4 weeks. After a 2-week wash-out period, patients were crossed over for an additional 4-week period. Second, after a 4-week wash-out period, eleven patients were treated with 2 g plant sterols/d in a second open part of the study for a period of 8 weeks. The yoghurt enriched with plant sterols significantly reduced, in a dose-dependent manner, serum total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels and LDL-cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol (P<0.001), whereas no changes were observed in HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels, either in the first or the second part of the study. There were only slight, not statistically significant, differences in serum transaminase, vitamin and hormone levels. To conclude, a low-fat yoghurt-based drink moderately enriched with plant sterols may lower total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol effectively in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia.
Influence of formulas with borage oil or borage oil plus fish oil on the arachidonic acid status in premature infants.; Several studies have reported that feeding gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) has resulted in no increase in arachidonic acid (AA) in newborns. This result was ascribed to the eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)-rich fish oil used in these formulas. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) sources with only minor amounts of EPA are now available, thus the addition of GLA to infant formulas might be considered an alternative to AA supplementation. Sixty-six premature infants were randomized to feeding one of four formulas [ST: no GLA, no long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids; BO: 0.6% GLA (borage oil); BO + FOLOW: 0.6% GLA, 0.3% DHA, 0.06% EPA; BO + FOHIGH: 0.6% GLA, 0.3% DHA, 0.2% EPA] or human milk (HM, nonrandomized) for 4 wk. Anthropometric measures and blood samples were obtained at study entry and after 14 and 28 d. There were no significant differences between groups in anthropometric measures, tocopherol, and retinol status at any of the studied time points. The AA content of plasma phospholipids was similar between groups at study start and decreased significantly until day 28 in all formulafed groups, but not in the breast-fed infants [ST: 6.6 +/- 0.2%, BO: 6.9 +/- 0.3%, BO + FOLOW: 6.9 +/- 0.4%, BO + FOHIGH: 6.7 +/- 0.2%, HM: 8.6 +/- 0.5%, where values are reported as mean +/- standard error; all formulas significantly different (P< 0.05) from HM]. There was no significant influence of GLA or fish oil addition to the diet. GLA had only a very limited effect on AA status which was too small to obtain satisfactory concentrations (concentrations similar to breast-fed babies) under the circumstances tested. The effect of GLA on AA is independent of the EPA and DHA content in the diet within the dose ranges studied.
Growth and development in preterm infants fed long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids: a prospective, randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: A randomized, masked, controlled trial was conducted to assess effects of supplementing premature infant formulas with oils containing the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, arachidonic acid (AA; 20:4 n6), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6 n3) on growth, visual acuity, and multiple indices of development., METHODS: Infants (N = 470) with birth weights 750 to 1800 g were assigned within 72 hours of the first enteral feeding to 1 of 3 formula groups with or without long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids: 1) control (N = 144), 2) AA+DHA from fish/fungal oil (N = 140), and 3) AA+DHA from egg-derived triglyceride (egg-TG)/fish oil (N = 143). Infants were fed human milk and/or Similac Special Care with or without 0.42% AA and 0.26% DHA to term corrected age (CA), then fed human milk or NeoSure with or without 0.42% AA and 0.16% DHA to 12 months' CA. Infants fed exclusively human milk to term CA (EHM-T; N = 43) served as a reference., RESULTS: Visual acuity measured by acuity cards at 2, 4, and 6 months' CA was not different among groups. Visual acuity measured by swept-parameter visual-evoked potentials in a subgroup from 3 sites (45 control, 50 AA+DHA [fish/fungal]; 39 AA+DHA [egg-TG/fish]; and 23 EHM-T) was better in both the AA+DHA (fish/fungal; least square [LS] means [cycle/degree] +/- standard error [SE; octaves] 11.4 +/- 0.1) and AA+DHA (egg-TG/fish; 12.5 +/- 0.1) than control (8.4 +/- 0.1) and closer to that of the EHM-T group (16.0 +/- 0.2) at 6 months' CA. Visual acuity improved from 4 to 6 months' CA in all but the control group. Scores on the Fagan test of novelty preference were greater in AA+DHA (egg-TG/fish; LS means +/- SE, 59.4 +/- 7.7) than AA+DHA (fish/fungal; 57.0 +/- 7.5) and control (57.5 +/- 7.4) at 6 months' CA, but not at 9 months' CA. There were no differences in the Bayley Mental Development Index at 12 months' CA. However, the Bayley motor development index was higher for AA+DHA (fish/fungal; LS means +/- SE, 90.6 +/- 4.4) than control (81.8 +/- 4.3) for infants </=1250 g. When Spanish-speaking infants and twins were excluded from the analyses, the MacArthur Communicative Development Inventory revealed that control infants (LS means +/- SE, 94.1 +/- 2.9) had lower vocabulary comprehension at 14 months' CA than AA+DHA (fish/fungal) infants (100.6 +/- 2.9) or AA+DHA (egg-TG/fish) infants (102.2 +/- 2.8). There were no consistent differences in weight, length, head circumference, or anthropometric gains., CONCLUSION: These results showed a benefit of supplementing formulas for premature infants with AA and DHA from either a fish/fungal or an egg-TG/fish source from the time of first enteral feeding to 12 months' CA.
Dermatitis during radiation for vulvar carcinoma: prevention and treatment with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor impregnated gauze.; The aim of this study was to determine the effectiveness of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) impregnated gauze in preventing or healing radiation-induced dermatitis. Sixty-one patients were irradiated for vulvar carcinoma. Thirty-seven applied steroid cream at irradiated areas throughout radiotherapy (Group A) and 24 patients applied additionally GM-CSF impregnated gauze (40 micrcog/cm2 of skin-irradiated area, twice per day) in addition to the steroid cream, after 20 Gy of irradiation (Group B). The score of skin reactions (P=0.008, chi2 test) and the time interval of radiotherapy interruption (P=0.037, Mann-Whitney U test) were statistically significantly reduced in Group B patients. Multivariate analysis of variance showed for this group not only a significant reduction in the Sum of Gross Dermatitis Scoring (P<0.001, adjusted for Duration of Dermatitis) but also a significant reduction of the healing time (P=0.02, adjusted for Sum of Gross Dermatitis Scoring). The pain grading was less (P=0.014, chi2 test) and pain reduction was noticed sooner after the application of GM-CSF impregnated gauze (P=0.0017, Mann-Whitney U test). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that the only significant effect on dermatitis score is due to Body Mass Index (P=0.034) and the application of GM-CSF (P=0.008). GM-CSF impregnated gauze can be effective in preventing and healing radiation-induced dermatitis and in reducing the interruption intervals of radiotherapy for vulvar carcinomas.
Replacement of dietary saturated fatty acids by trans fatty acids lowers serum HDL cholesterol and impairs endothelial function in healthy men and women.; We tested whether trans fatty acids and saturated fatty acids had different effects on flow-mediated vasodilation (FMD), a risk marker of coronary heart disease (CHD). Consumption of trans fatty acids is related to increased risk of CHD, probably through effects on lipoproteins. Trans fatty acids differ from most saturated fatty acids because they decrease serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and this may increase the risk of CHD. We fed 29 volunteers 2 controlled diets in a 2x4-week randomized crossover design. The "Trans-diet" contained 9.2 energy percent of trans fatty acids; these were replaced by saturated fatty acids in the "Sat-diet." Mean serum HDL cholesterol after the Trans-diet was 0.39 mmol/L (14.8 mg/dL), or 21% lower than after the Sat-diet (95% CI 0.28 to 0.50 mmol/L). Serum low density lipoprotein and triglyceride concentrations were stable. FMD+SD was 4.4+/-2.3% after the Trans-diet and 6.2+/-3.0% after the Sat-diet (difference -1.8%, 95% CI -3.2 to -0.4). Replacement of dietary saturated fatty acids by trans fatty acids impaired FMD of the brachial artery, which suggests increased risk of CHD. Further studies are needed to test whether the decrease in serum HDL cholesterol caused the impairment of FMD.
Effects on blood lipids of a blood pressure-lowering diet: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial.; BACKGROUND: Effects of diet on blood lipids are best known in white men, and effects of type of carbohydrate on triacylglycerol concentrations are not well defined., OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to determine the effects of diet on plasma lipids, focusing on subgroups by sex, race, and baseline lipid concentrations., DESIGN: This was a randomized controlled outpatient feeding trial conducted in 4 field centers. The subjects were 436 participants of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial [mean age: 44.6 y; 60% African American; baseline total cholesterol: < or = 6.7 mmol/L (< or = 260 mg/dL)]. The intervention consisted of 8 wk of a control diet, a diet increased in fruit and vegetables, or a diet increased in fruit, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol (DASH diet), during which time subjects remained weight stable. The main outcome measures were fasting total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triacylglycerol., RESULTS: Relative to the control diet, the DASH diet resulted in lower total (-0.35 mmol/L, or -13.7 mg/dL), LDL- (-0.28 mmol/L, or -10.7 mg/dL), and HDL- (-0.09 mmol/L, or -3.7 mg/dL) cholesterol concentrations (all P < 0.0001), without significant effects on triacylglycerol. The net reductions in total and LDL cholesterol in men were greater than those in women by 0.27 mmol/L, or 10.3 mg/dL (P = 0.052), and by 0.29 mmol/L, or 11.2 mg/dL (P < 0.02), respectively. Changes in lipids did not differ significantly by race or baseline lipid concentrations, except for HDL, which decreased more in participants with higher baseline HDL-cholesterol concentrations than in those with lower baseline HDL-cholesterol concentrations. The fruit and vegetable diet produced few significant lipid changes., CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet is likely to reduce coronary heart disease risk. The possible opposing effect on coronary heart disease risk of HDL reduction needs further study.
Lipid responses to plant-sterol-enriched reduced-fat spreads incorporated into a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet.; BACKGROUND: Plant sterol esters reduce cholesterol absorption and lower circulating blood cholesterol concentrations when incorporated into the habitual diet., OBJECTIVE: This randomized, double-blind, 3-group parallel, controlled study evaluated the influence of esterified plant sterols on serum lipid concentrations in adults with mild-to-moderate primary hypercholesterolemia., DESIGN: Subjects incorporated a conventional 50%-fat spread into a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet for a 4-wk lead-in period, followed by a 5-wk intervention period of the diet plus either a control reduced-fat spread (40% fat; n = 92) or a reduced-fat spread enriched with plant sterol esters to achieve intakes of 1.1 g/d (n = 92; low-sterol group) or 2.2 g/d (n = 40; high-sterol group)., RESULTS: Subjects in the low- and high-sterol groups who consumed > or = 80% of the scheduled servings (per-protocol analyses) had total cholesterol values that were 5.2% and 6.6% lower, LDL-cholesterol values that were 7.6% and 8.1% lower, apolipoprotein B values that were 6.2% and 8.4% lower, and ratios of total to HDL cholesterol that were 5.9% and 8.1% lower, respectively, than values for the control group (P < 0.001 for all). Additionally, triacylglycerol concentrations decreased by 10.4% in the high-sterol group. Serum concentrations of fat-soluble vitamins and carotenoids were generally within reference ranges at baseline and postintervention. Serum plant sterol concentrations increased from baseline (0.48% of total sterol by wt) to 0.64% and 0.71% by wt for the low- and high-sterol groups, respectively (P < 0.05 compared with control)., CONCLUSION: A reduced-fat spread containing plant sterol esters incorporated into a low-fat diet is a beneficial adjunct in the dietary management of hypercholesterolemia.
Dietary plant sterols alter the serum plant sterol concentration but not the cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations in young children (the STRIP Study). Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project.; Plant sterol supplementation reduces serum cholesterol concentration but may increase serum plant sterol concentrations, especially in children. We determined whether natural dietary plant sterols derived mainly from vegetable oil or margarine in early childhood affect serum concentrations of plant sterols (campesterol and sitosterol) and cholesterol precursor sterols (Delta-8 cholestenol, desmosterol, and lathosterol), reflecting endogenous cholesterol synthesis. We measured the serum sterol concentrations using gas liquid chromatography in 20 healthy 13-mo-old intervention children in a randomized, prospective study designed to decrease exposure of the children to known environmental atherosclerosis risk factors and in 20 control children. The diet of the intervention children was rich in plant sterols due to replacement of milk fat with vegetable fat, whereas the diet of the control children contained only small amounts of plant sterols. The intervention children consumed twice as much plant sterols as the control children (P < 0.001). Their serum concentrations of campesterol and sitosterol were 75% and 44% higher, respectively, than those in the control children (P < 0.001 for both), but serum cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations did not differ between the two groups. We conclude that doubling dietary plant sterol intake almost doubles serum plant sterol concentrations in 13-mo-old children, but has no effect on endogenous cholesterol synthesis. Relative intestinal absorption of natural plant sterols from the diet in early childhood is similar to that in adults.
Food supplementation with encouragement to feed it to infants from 4 to 12 months of age has a small impact on weight gain.; It is unclear whether a substantial decline in malnutrition among infants in developing countries can be achieved by increasing food availability and nutrition counseling without concurrent morbidity-reducing interventions. The study was designed to determine whether provision of generous amounts of a micronutrient-fortified food supplement supported by counseling or nutritional counseling alone would significantly improve physical growth between 4 and 12 mo of age. In a controlled trial, 418 infants 4 mo of age were individually randomized to one of the four groups and followed until 12 mo of age. The first group received a milk-based cereal and nutritional counseling; the second group monthly nutritional counseling alone. To control for the effect of twice-weekly home visits for morbidity ascertainment, similar visits were made in one of the control groups (visitation group); the fourth group received no intervention. The median energy intake from nonbreast milk sources was higher in the food supplementation group than in the visitation group by 1212 kJ at 26 wk (P < 0.001), 1739 kJ at 38 wk (P < 0.001) and 2257 kJ at 52 wk (P < 0.001). The food supplementation infants gained 250 g (95% confidence interval: 20--480 g) more weight than did the visitation group. The difference in the mean increment in length during the study was 0.4 cm (95% confidence interval: -0.1--0.9 cm). The nutritional counseling group had higher energy intakes ranging from 280 to 752 kJ at different ages (P < 0.05 at all ages) but no significant benefit on weight and length increments. Methods to enhance the impact of these interventions need to be identified.
Effects of wild yam extract on menopausal symptoms, lipids and sex hormones in healthy menopausal women.; OBJECTIVES: Many women seek alternatives to hormonal therapies for the management of menopausal symptoms. Among the treatments currently popular are extracts of wild yam (Dioscorea villosa), which are applied topically in the form of a cream. These preparations are known to contain steroidal saponins, including diosgenin, which has been claimed to influence endogenous steroidogenesis. However, there have been no studies of the safety or efficacy of these preparations in the management of menopausal symptoms., METHODS: We therefore conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study of the effects of a wild yam cream in 23 healthy women suffering from troublesome symptoms of the menopause. After a 4-week baseline period, each woman was given active cream and matching placebo for 3 months in random order. Diaries were completed over the baseline period and for 1 week each month thereafter, and blood and saliva samples were collected at baseline and at 3 and 6 months, for measurement of lipids and hormones., RESULTS: The average age of the subjects was 53.3 +/- 1.1 (SEM) years and average time since last period 4.3 +/- 0.9 years. At baseline, the average body mass index was 27.3 +/- 0.8, cholesterol level 5.7 +/- 0.2 mmol/l and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) level 74.2 +/- 5.1 IU/l; estradiol levels were undetectable in the majority of cases. After 3 months of treatment, no significant side-effects were reported with either active treatment or placebo, and there were no changes in weight, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, or levels of total serum cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, FSH, glucose, estradiol, or serum or salivary progesterone. Symptom scores showed a minor effect of both placebo and active treatment on diurnal flushing number and severity and total non-flushing symptom scores, and on nocturnal sweating after placebo, but no statistical difference between placebo and active creams., CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that short-term treatment with topical wild yam extract in women suffering from menopausal symptoms is free of side-effects, but appears to have little effect on menopausal symptoms. It emphasizes the importance of careful study of treatments for menopausal symptoms if women are to be adequately informed about the choices available to them.
Effect of breastfeeding on mortality among HIV-1 infected women: a randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: We have completed a randomised clinical trial of breastfeeding and formula feeding to identify the frequency of breastmilk transmission of HIV-1 to infants. However, we also analysed data from this trial to examine the effect of breastfeeding on maternal death rates during 2 years after delivery. We report our findings from this secondary analysis., METHODS: Pregnant women attending four Nairobi city council clinics were offered HIVtests. At about 32 weeks' gestation, 425 HIV-1 seropositive women were randomly allocated to either breastfeed or formula feed their infants. After delivery, mother-infant pairs were followed up monthly during the first year and quarterly during the second year until death, or 2 years after delivery, or end of study., FINDINGS: Mortality among mothers was higher in the breastfeeding group than in the formula group (18 vs 6 deaths, log rank test, p=0.009). The cumulative probability of maternal death at 24 months after delivery was 10.5% in the breastfeeding group and 3.8% in the formula group (p=0.02). The relative risk of death for breastfeeding mothers versus formula feeding mothers was 3.2 (95% CI 1.3-8.1, p=0.01). The attributable risk of maternal death due to breastfeeding was 69%. There was an association between maternal death and subsequent infant death, even after infant HIV-1 infection status was controlled for (relative risk 7.9, 95% CI 3.3-18.6, p<0.001)., INTERPRETATION: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding by HIV-1 infected women might result in adverse outcomes for both mother and infant.
Randomised controlled trial of use by hypercholesterolaemic patients of a vegetable oil sterol-enriched fat spread.; Plant sterols may be a useful additive therapy in the treatment of hypercholesterolaemic patients. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of a fat spread enriched with vegetable oil sterols on plasma lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations. A randomised double blind placebo-controlled crossover trial with two consecutive periods of 8 weeks was conducted. 30 patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia treated concurrently with an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor (statin) and 32 patients with type IIa primary hypercholesterolaemia with a total cholesterol concentration >6.5 mmol/l not taking lipid-lowering drug therapy were recruited from a hospital lipid clinic. The active treatment was a fortified fat spread (25 g/day) providing 2.5 g of plant sterols. The control spread was indistinguishable in taste and appearance. Comparison at the end of the two 8-week trial periods showed a statistically significant reduction in total and LDL-cholesterol with use of the fortified spread but the results were confounded by a carry-over effect, which was partly explained by changes in the background diet. Because a carry-over effect was present, further analyses were restricted to the parallel arms of the first treatment period and were conducted on an intention to treat basis. After 4 weeks, LDL-cholesterol had decreased by 0.04 mmol/l ([0.8%] 95% confidence interval -0.44-0.37 NS) in the placebo group and decreased by -0.76 mmol/l ([15.0%] 95% CI -1.03--0.48, P<0.0001) in the active treatment group. After 8 weeks, the corresponding results were 0.0 mmol/l ([0.0%] 95% CI -0.26-0.24 NS) and -0.51 mmol/l ([10.0%] 95% CI -0.73--0.29 P<0.0001). There were no significant changes in apolipoprotein AI or B concentrations in the placebo group, but there was a small but statistically significant increase in apolipoprotein AI and a decrease in apolipoprotein B in the active treatment group. HDL cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations were unchanged. There was no difference in response between patients with statin-treated familial hypercholesterolaemia and patients with type IIa hyperlipoproteinaemia. We conclude that a fortified fat spread enriched with vegetable oil sterols reduces LDL-cholesterol by 10-15% with no difference in response between hypercholesterolaemic patients prescribed statins and those not taking lipid-lowering drug therapy.
Low fat and high monounsaturated fat diets decrease human low density lipoprotein oxidative susceptibility in vitro.; Oxidative modification of low density lipoprotein (LDL) is thought to play an important role in the development of atherosclerosis. Some studies have found that LDL enriched in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) are less susceptible to oxidation than LDL enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). A high MUFA diet is an alternative to a lower-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diet. Less is known about the effects of high MUFA versus lower-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diets on LDL oxidative susceptibility. The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of men and women consuming diets high in MUFA (peanuts plus peanut butter, peanut oil and olive oil) on LDL oxidative susceptibility, and to compare these effects with those of a Step II blood cholesterol-lowering diet. A randomized, double-blind, five-period crossover design (n = 20) was used to study the effects of the following diets on LDL-oxidation: average American [35% fat, 15% saturated fatty acids (SFA)], Step II (25% fat, 7% SFA), olive oil (35% fat, 7% SFA), peanut oil (35% fat, 7% SFA) and peanuts plus peanut butter (35% fat, 8% SFA). The average American diet resulted in the shortest lag time (57 +/- 6 min) for LDL oxidized ex vivo, whereas the Step II, olive oil and peanuts plus peanut butter diets resulted in a lag time of 66 +/- 6 min (P < or = 0.1). The slower rate of oxidation [nmol dienes/(min x mg LDL protein)] observed when subjects consumed the olive oil diet (24 +/- 2) versus the average American (28 +/- 2), peanut oil (28 +/- 2) and peanuts plus peanut butter diets (29 +/- 2; P < or = 0.05) was associated with a lower LDL PUFA content. The results of this study suggest that lower-fat and higher-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diets high in MUFA have similar effects on LDL oxidative resistance. In addition, our results suggest that different high MUFA sources varying in the ratio of MUFA to PUFA can be incorporated into a high MUFA diet without increasing the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation.
Results from two repeated 5 day dietary records with a 1 y interval among patients with colorectal polyps.; BACKGROUND: Dietary factors are known to be associated with initiation and development of colorectal cancer (CRC), and also with CRC's major precursor, the colorectal polyp. In long-term intervention studies on colorectal polyps, dietary changes may therefore affect potential effects of the study intervention., OBJECTIVE: To examine potential dietary changes among polyp-patients randomly selected from a 3 y intervention study after 1 y., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Of 116 polyp-bearing out-patients (50% men), aged 50-76 y, who participated in the double-blind 3 y placebo-controlled endoscopic follow-up and intervention study against growth and recurrence of polyps, 30 patients were randomised (strata: sex, age and polyp size) to perform a repeated 5 day dietary record by weighing after 1 y. The patients received a daily mixture of vitamin C (150 mg), alpha-tocopherol (75 mg), beta-carotene (15 mg), selenium (101 microg) and calcium (1.6 g) or placebo (lactose) for a period of 3 y with annual colonoscopic examinations and polyps size measurements to test if the mixture was able to reduce polyp growth and recurrence. Polyps of >9 mm were removed, whereas the remainders and new discoveries of polyps <9 mm were left in situ until the end of the study., RESULTS: Twenty-nine patients agreed to perform the repeated 5 day dietary record, and 86% performed the second record within 48-58 weeks after the first record. The results showed that, with the exception of vitamin D, milk and milk products, no significant differences were found between the two records. The median value of the Spearman's correlation coefficient for energy and energy-yielding nutrients was 0.66, for vitamins and minerals 0.58, and for foods 0.58. Individual differences between the records were found for most variables, but most of these were negligible., CONCLUSION: After 1 y, no major dietary changes were found which could be associated with a changed susceptibly for malignancy, and thereby affect potential effects of the study intervention. We may thus suggest that a potential changed susceptibility towards growth and recurrence of polyps, is due to the specific intervention, and not due to other major dietary changes.
A phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of peldesine (BCX-34) cream as topical therapy for cutaneous T-cell lymphoma.; BACKGROUND: The purine nucleoside phosphorylase inhibitor peldesine is a new agent being evaluated as a T-cell inhibitor., OBJECTIVE: We attempted to determine the efficacy of peldesine (BCX-34) in a 1% dermal cream formulation as a treatment for cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL)., METHODS: Ninety patients with patch and plaque phase CTCL, histologically confirmed by a referee dermatopathologist, were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. BCX-34 dermal cream 1% or the vehicle cream (as a placebo control) was applied twice daily to the entire skin surface for up to 24 weeks. Efficacy of the topical therapy was assessed in terms of complete or partial (> or = 50%) clearing of patches and plaques., RESULTS: Of the 89 patients able to be examined, 43 received BCX-34 and 46 received the placebo vehicle cream. One patient withdrew early and was not analyzed. The two groups were well balanced for potential prognostic factors. A total of 28% (12/43) of the patients treated with BCX-34 showed a response, but 24% (11/46) of patients who received vehicle also responded (P =.677)., CONCLUSION: Although BCX-34 dermal cream 1% was not significantly better than the control as therapy for patch and plaque-phase CTCL, this appears to be the first published placebo-controlled trial evaluating treatment for CTCL. Whether the vehicle cream has more than a placebo therapeutic effect is unclear. The relatively high (24%) placebo response rate should be kept in mind in assessing other treatments for early-stage CTCL.
Potent corticosteroid cream (mometasone furoate) significantly reduces acute radiation dermatitis: results from a double-blind, randomized study.; PURPOSE: Radiation-induced dermatitis is a very common side effect of radiation therapy, and may necessitate interruption of the therapy. There is a substantial lack of evidence-based treatments for this condition. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of mometasone furoate cream (MMF) on radiation dermatitis in a prospective, double-blind, randomized study., MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study comprised 49 patients with node-negative breast cancer. They were operated on with sector resection and scheduled for postoperative radiotherapy using photons with identical radiation qualities and dosage to the breast parenchyma. The patients were randomized to receive either MMF or emollient cream. The cream was applied on the irradiated skin twice a week from the start of radiotherapy until the 12th fraction (24 Gy) and thereafter once daily until 3 weeks after completion of radiation. Both groups additionally received non-blinded emollient cream daily. The intensity of the acute radiation dermatitis was evaluated on a weekly basis regarding erythema and pigmentation, using a reflectance spectrophotometer together with visual scoring of the skin reactions., RESULTS: MMF in combination with emollient cream treatment significantly decreased acute radiation dermatitis (P=0.0033) compared with emollient cream alone. There was no significant difference in pigmentation between the two groups., CONCLUSIONS: Adding MMF, a potent topical corticosteroid, to an emollient cream is statistically significantly more effective than emollient cream alone in reducing acute radiation dermatitis.
Systemic immunity-enhancing effects in healthy subjects following dietary consumption of the lactic acid bacterium Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of the probiotic lactic acid bacterium, Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001, on natural cellular immunity when delivered orally in normal low-fat milk (LFM) or lactose-hydrolyzed low-fat milk (LFM-LH)., DESIGN: A three stage, pre-post intervention trial, spanning nine weeks., SETTING: Taipei Medical College Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan., SUBJECTS: Fifty-two healthy middle-aged and elderly volunteers (17 males, 35 females; median age 63.5, range 44-80)., INTERVENTIONS: Stage 1 (run-in diet): 25 g/200 mL reconstituted LFM powder, twice daily for 3 weeks. Stage 2 (probiotic intervention): LFM or LFM-LH, supplemented with 10(9) CFUs/g L. rhamnosus HN001 in each case, for 3 weeks. Stage 3 (wash-out): LFM for 3 weeks., MEASURES OF OUTCOME: In vitro phagocytic capacity of peripheral blood polymorphonuclear (PMN) leukocytes; in vitro tumoricidal activity of natural killer (NK) leukocytes., RESULTS: Immunological responses were unaffected by the run-in diet of LFM alone. In contrast, the relative proportion of PMN cells showing phagocytic activity increased by 19% and 15%, respectively, following consumption of HN001 in either LFM or LFM-LH; the relative level of NK cell tumor killing activity increased by 71% and 147%. In most cases these levels declined following cessation, but remained above baseline., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary consumption of L. rhamnosus HN001, in a base of low-fat milk or lactose-hydrolyzed low-fat milk, appears to enhance systemic cellular immune responses and may be useful as a dietary supplement to boost natural immunity.
Beans, as a source of dietary fiber, increase cholecystokinin and apolipoprotein b48 response to test meals in men.; Dry beans lower plasma cholesterol, an effect that has been associated with both the fiber and the protein content of beans. The objective of this study was to determine the acute hormone and lipid responses to a test meal that contained dry beans as a source of dietary fiber. A crossover design was employed in which men consumed the test meal and a control meal in random order. Both meals contained egg, bread, jelly, orange juice, milk and margarine. The high fiber meal contained white beans, whereas the low fiber (control) meal contained rice and dry milk. The men maintained their normal dietary pattern and fasted overnight before the study days. After a fasting blood sample was drawn, the men consumed the test meal and blood samples were collected over the next 6 h. Blood samples were analyzed for cholecystokinin (CCK), insulin and glucose. Plasma was separated into lipoprotein fractions and the triglyceride, cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) B100 and B48 content of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins determined. Insulin and glucose responses did not differ significantly between test meals; however, the CCK response was twice as high after the bean-containing meal than after the low fiber meal (P = 0.03). The increase in apo B48 concentration was significantly higher after the bean meal than after the low fiber meal (P < 0.05). Adding beans to a meal to increase fiber content prolongs the postprandial presence of intestinally derived lipoproteins and augments the CCK response to the meal.
Effects of diets enriched with two different plant stanol ester mixtures on plasma ubiquinol-10 and fat-soluble antioxidant concentrations.; Plant stanols lower intestinal cholesterol absorption. This causes a decrease in serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, despite a compensatory increase in cholesterol synthesis. We therefore hypothesized that plant stanols also change LDL-cholesterol-standardized concentrations of ubiquinol-10 (a side product of the cholesterol synthesis cascade) and of those fat-soluble antioxidants that are mainly carried by LDL. To examine this, 112 nonhypercholesterolemic subjects consumed low erucic acid rapeseed oil (LEAR)-based margarine and shortening for 4 weeks. For the next 8 weeks, 42 subjects consumed the same products, while the other subjects received products with vegetable oil-based stanols (2.6 g sitostanol plus 1.2 g campestanol daily, n = 36) or wood-based stanols (3.7 g sitostanol plus 0.3 g campestanol daily, n = 34). Consumption of both plant stanol ester mixtures increased cholesterol synthesis and lowered cholesterol absorption, as indicated by increased serum cholesterol-standardized lathosterol and decreased plant sterol concentrations, respectively. Compared with the control group, absolute plasma ubiquinol-10 concentrations were lowered by 12.3% +/- 18.9% (-0.14 microg/mL v. the control group; P =.004; 95% confidence interval [CI] for the difference in changes, -0.05 to -0.22 microg/mL) in the vegetable oil-based group and by 15.4% +/- 13.0% (-0.17 microg/mL v. the control group; P <.001; 95% CI for the difference, -0.08 to -0.27 microg/mL) in the wood-based group. Changes in LDL-cholesterol-standardized ubiquinol-10 concentrations were not significantly changed. The most lipophylic antioxidants, the hydrocarbon carotenoids (beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, and lycopene), decreased most, followed by the less lipophylic oxygenated carotenoids (lutein/zeaxanthin and beta-cryptoxanthin) and the tocopherols. These reductions were related to the reduction in LDL, which carry most of these antioxidants. The decrease in the hydrocarbon carotenoids, however, was also significantly associated with a decrease in cholesterol absorption. LDL-cholesterol-standardized antioxidant concentrations were not changed, except for beta-carotene, which was still, although not significantly, lowered by about 10%. We conclude that the increase in endogenous cholesterol synthesis during plant stanol ester consumption does not result in increased LDL-cholesterol-standardized concentrations of ubiquinol-10, a side product of the cholesterol synthesis cascade. Furthermore, decreases in absolute fat-soluble antioxidant concentrations are related to decreases in LDL-cholesterol. However, for the most lipophylic carotenoids, some of the reduction was also related to the decrease in cholesterol absorption. Copyright 2001 by W.B. Saunders Company
Imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: results of a multicenter 6-week dose-response trial.; BACKGROUND: Superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) is an increasingly common tumor in fair-skinned populations throughout the world. Imiquimod, an immune response modifier that induces cytokines including interferons, has been shown in preliminary studies to have an effect when applied topically to BCC., OBJECTIVE: We conducted a multicenter, randomized, open-label dose-response trial of imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of primary sBCC assessing efficacy and safety of different dose regimens., METHODS: Ninety-nine patients were randomized to 6 weeks' application of imiquimod in 1 of 4 treatment regimens: twice every day, once every day, twice daily 3 times/week, once daily 3 times/week. The treatment site was excised and examined histologically 6 weeks after cessation of imiquimod., RESULTS: Intention-to-treat analysis revealed 100% (3/3) histologic clearance in the twice-daily regimen, 87.9% (29/33) clearance in the once every day regimen, 73.3% (22/30) clearance in the twice-daily 3 times/week regimen, and 69.7% (23/33) clearance in the once-daily 3 times/week regimen. Dose-related inflammatory skin reactions at the site of application were common. The majority were well tolerated and only 1 patient withdrew from the trial as a result of a medication-related skin reaction., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream appears to have potential as a patient-administered treatment option in sBCC.
The alpha and gamma tocopherol levels in serum are influenced by the dietary fat quality.; BACKGROUND: Alpha tocopherol in serum is thought to be of importance in protecting lipids against oxidation and low serum levels of alpha tocopherol has been suggested to increase the risk for coronary heart disease. However, low levels of gamma, rather than alpha, tocopherol have been found in patients with manifest coronary heart disease and in populations with a high incidence of coronary heart disease., AIM: The aim of this study was to determine the tocopherol concentrations in serum after two diets with identical nutrient content but with different fat quality, enriched in butter and rapeseed oil-based fats, respectively., METHOD: Twenty moderately hyperlipidemic, healthy subjects (six females and 14 males) participated in this double-blind cross-over study, where two isoenergetic diets were given in a randomized order during two 3-week periods, interrupted by a wash-out period of 3-4 weeks., RESULTS: The lipid-corrected serum concentrations of alpha and gamma tocopherol increased during the diet rich in rapeseed oil (by 7 and 23%, respectively) compared with on the baseline diet (P < 0.001), while these concentrations decreased (by 5 and 37%, respectively, P < 0.01) during the diet rich in saturated fat. The ratio between alpha and gamma tocopherol decreased significantly during the rapeseed oil diet (-23%, P < 0.01) and increased (+46%, P < 0.001) during the butter diet., CONCLUSION: Alpha and gamma tocopherol levels in serum are influenced by the type of fat used in the diet. The most unexpected finding is that the lipid-adjusted gamma tocopherol concentration significantly decreased by 37% during a diet rich in saturated fat with an increased ratio between alpha and gamma tocopherol, similar to the situation found in CHD patients.
Effect of energy restriction and exercise on vitamin B-6 status of women during lactation.; PURPOSE: Lactation increases vitamin B-6 requirements because its concentration in breast milk is related to maternal intake and it is essential for infants. Exercise may also increase the requirement because it increases utilization and excretion of vitamin B-6. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine whether energy restriction and exercise affected vitamin B-6 status of lactating women., METHODS: Breastfeeding women with a body mass index > or = 25 and < or = 30 kg x m(-2) were randomly assigned at 4 wk postpartum to either restrict energy intake by 500 kcal x d(-1) and exercise for 45 min x d(-1), 4 d x wk(-1) (weight loss group, WG) or maintain usual diet and not exercise (control group, CG) for 10 wk. Women were given a supplement containing 2.0 mg of vitamin B-6. Measurements included vitamin B-6 concentrations in breast milk and plasma, plasma pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, and erythrocyte alanine aminotransferase activity., RESULTS: The WG lost more weight (-4.4 +/- 0.4 vs -0.9 +/- 0.5 kg, P < 0.01) than the CG. Cardiovascular fitness increased by 12% in the WG, compared to 3% in the CG (P = 0.09). Milk vitamin B-6 concentrations increased in both groups (161 +/- 107 and 191 +/- 85 nmol x L(-1), WG and CG, respectively, P = 0.05). There were no significant differences in other vitamin B-6 parameters. Weight and length gain (2.06 +/- 0.21 and 1.83 +/- 0.17 kg; 8.6 +/- 0.6 and 7.2 +/- 0.5 cm; WG and CG, respectively) of infants was not significantly different between groups., CONCLUSIONS: Energy restriction and exercise from 4 to 14 wk postpartum in overweight, breastfeeding women consuming adequate dietary intakes and 2.0 mg of supplemental vitamin B-6 does not adversely affect vitamin B-6 status or infant growth.
Continuous nasogastric milk feeding versus intermittent bolus milk feeding for premature infants less than 1500 grams.; BACKGROUND: Most premature infants less than 1500 grams birth weight must be fed initially by tube because of their inability to suck effectively, or to coordinate sucking, swallowing and breathing. Milk feedings can be given by tube either intermittently, typically over 10-20 minutes every two or three hours, or continuously, using an infusion pump. Although theoretical benefits and risks of each method have been proposed, effects on clinically important outcomes remain uncertain., OBJECTIVES: To examine the evidence from randomized trials regarding the effectiveness of continuous versus intermittent bolus nasogastric milk feeding in premature infants less than 1500 grams. The primary outcomes reviewed included feeding tolerance, days to reach full enteral feeding, somatic growth, days to discharge and incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC)., SEARCH STRATEGY: Searches were performed of MEDLINE, CINAHL, HealthSTAR, and the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register. As well, studies identified from abstracts and conference proceedings and references from relevant publications were retrieved., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized and quasi-randomized clinical trials that met the following criteria for relevance: a) Enrollment of infants < 1500 grams birth weight with no major congenital anomalies which might interfere with feeding tolerance b) Comparison of continuous nasogastric versus intermittent bolus tube feedings using breastmilk or formula c) Assessment of relevant outcomes including feeding tolerance, days to full feeds, somatic growth, days to discharge, and complications such as NEC or apnea, DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: All articles retrieved from the complete search were assessed independently by the two reviewers for relevance (see selection criteria), and for methodologic quality using the following criteria: blinding of randomization, blinding of intervention, complete follow-up and blinding of outcome measurement. Only those articles judged by both reviewers to be relevant and to have appropriate methodologic quality were included in the analysis. Differences were resolved through discussion and consensus of the reviewers., MAIN RESULTS: Infants fed by continuous tube feeding method took longer to reach full enteral feeds (weighted mean difference 3.0 days; 95% CI 0.7, 5.2). Although there was no evidence of a difference in the days to discharge overall, one study suggested a trend toward earlier discharge for infants less than 1000 grams birth weight fed by the continuous tube feeding method (mean difference (MD) -11days; 95% CI -21.8, -0.2). Overall, there was no evidence of a difference in somatic growth (weight, length, head circumference or skinfold thickness) between the two groups, but subgroup analyses in one study suggested that infants less than 1000 grams and 1000 - 1250 grams birthweight gained weight faster when fed by the continuous tube feeding method (MD 2.0 g/day; 95% CI 0.5, 3.5; MD 2.0 g/day; 95% CI 0.2, 3.8, respectively). There was no evidence of a difference in the incidence of NEC. One study showed a trend toward more apneas during the study period in infants fed by the continuous tube feeding method (MD 14.0 apneas during study period; 95% CI -0.2, 28.2)., REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: Infants fed by the continuous tube feeding method took longer to reach full feeds, but there was no difference in somatic growth, days to discharge, or the incidence of NEC for infants fed by continuous versus intermittent bolus tube feeds. Small sample sizes, methodologic limitations and conflicting results of the studies to date, together with inconsistencies in controlling variables that may affect outcomes, make it difficult to make universal recommendations regarding the best tube feeding method for premature infants less than 1500 grams. The clinical benefits and risks of continuous versus intermittent nasogastric tube milk feeding cannot be reliably discerned from the limited information available from randomized trials to date.
The effect of soy protein with or without isoflavones relative to milk protein on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: Clinical trial data and the results of a meta-analysis suggest a hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein. The effect may be partially attributable to the isoflavones in soy. Few studies have examined the separate effects of soy protein and isoflavones., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein and isoflavones on plasma lipid concentrations in postmenopausal, moderately hypercholesterolemic women., DESIGN: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial with 3 treatment groups. After a 4-wk run-in phase during which the women consumed a milk protein supplement, the subjects were randomly assigned to 12 wk of dietary protein supplementation (42 g/d) with either a milk protein (Milk group) or 1 of 2 soy proteins containing either trace amounts of isoflavones (Soy- group) or 80 mg aglycone isoflavones (Soy+ group)., RESULTS: LDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased more in the Soy+ group (n = 31) than in the Soy- group (n = 33) (0.38 compared with 0.09 mmol/L; P = 0.005), but neither of these changes was significantly different from the 0.26-mmol/L decrease observed in the Milk group (n = 30). The results for total cholesterol were similar to those for LDL cholesterol. There were no significant differences in HDL-cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations between the 3 groups., CONCLUSIONS: The difference in total- and LDL-cholesterol lowering between the 2 soy-protein supplements suggests an effect attributable to the isoflavone-containing fraction. However, the unexpected LDL-cholesterol lowering observed in the Milk group, and the fact that there was no significant difference between either soy group and the Milk group, suggests that changes may have been due to other factors related to participation in the study.
Influence of a stearic acid-rich structured triacylglycerol on postprandial lipemia, factor VII concentrations, and fibrinolytic activity in healthy subjects.; BACKGROUND: An elevated postprandial lipid concentration is believed to be atherogenic and to increase the risk of thrombosis., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test whether the consumption of a stearic acid-rich structured triacylglycerol has adverse effects on postprandial fibrinolytic activity and lipemia, factor VII coagulant (FVII:c) activity, and activated FVII (FVIIa) concentrations., DESIGN: A randomized crossover design was used to compare the effects on middle-aged healthy men (n = 17) and women (n = 18) of meals enriched with cocoa butter, high-oleate sunflower oil (oleate), or a structured triacylglycerol containing stearic acid., RESULTS: The mean increases from fasting in plasma triacylglycerol 3 h after the oleate, cocoa butter, and structured triacylglycerol meals were 1.36 (95% CI: 1.17, 1.56), 1.39 (1.17,1.63), and 0.65 (0.50, 0.82) mmol/L, respectively. Tissue plasminogen activator activity increased and plasminogen activator type 1 activity decreased after all 3 meals. Plasma FVII:c increased after the oleate and cocoa butter meals but not after the structured triacylglycerol meal. The values 6 h after the oleate and cocoa butter meals were 11.3% (7.0%, 15.6%) and 9.9% (4.7%, 15.2%), respectively, and were significantly different (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.001, respectively) from the value after the triacylglycerol meal [2.1% (-1.1%, 5.3%)]. Plasma FVIIa increased after all 3 meals, more so after the oleate and cocoa butter meals than after the structured triacylglycerol meal., CONCLUSION: The consumption of stearic acid in the form of a structured triacylglycerol leads to less of an increase in plasma triacylglycerol and in FVII:c than does a meal enriched in cocoa butter or oleate.
Early nutrition in preterm infants and later blood pressure: two cohorts after randomised trials.; BACKGROUND: Despite data relating body size in early life to later cardiovascular outcomes, the hypothesis that nutrition affects such outcomes has not been established. Breastfeeding has been associated with lower blood pressure in later life, but previous studies have not controlled for possible confounding factors by using a randomised design with prospective follow-up. We undertook such a study to test the hypothesis that early diet programmes blood pressure in later life in children randomly assigned different diets at birth., METHODS: Blood pressure was measured at age 13-16 years in 216 (23%) of a cohort of 926 children who were born prematurely and had participated at birth in two parallel randomised trials in five neonatal units in the UK. Dietary interventions were: donated banked breastmilk versus preterm formula and standard term formula versus preterm formula., FINDINGS: Children followed up at age 13-16 years were similar to those not followed up in terms of social class and anthropometry at birth. Mean arterial blood pressure at age 13-16 years was lower in the 66 children assigned banked breastmilk (alone or in addition to mother's milk) than in the 64 assigned preterm formula (mean 81.9 [SD 7.8] vs 86.1 [6.5] mm Hg; 95% CI for difference -6.6 to -1.6; p=0.001). In non-randomised analyses, the proportion of enteral intake as human milk in the neonatal period was inversely related to later mean arterial pressure (beta=-0.3 mm Hg per 10% increase [95% CI -0.5 to -0.1]; p=0.006). No differences were found in the term formula (n=44) versus preterm formula (n=42) comparison., INTERPRETATION: Breastmilk consumption was associated with lower later blood pressure in children born prematurely. Our data provide experimental evidence of programming of a cardiovascular risk factor by early diet and further support the long-term beneficial effects of breastmilk.
Partially hydrogenated soybean oil reduces postprandial t-PA activity compared with palm oil.; The effects of dietary trans fatty acids on fasting and diurnal variation in hemostatic variables are not known. This study compares the effects of three diets with three different margarines, one based on palm oil (PALM-diet), one based on partially hydrogenated soybean oil (PHSO, TRANS-diet) and one with a high content of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA-diet) on diurnal postprandial hemostatic variables. A strictly controlled dietary Latin square study was performed and nine young female participants consumed each of the diets for 17 days in a random order. The sum of the cholesterol-increasing fatty acids (C12:0, C14:0, C16:0) was 36.3% of total fatty acids in the PALM-diet, the same as the sum of saturated-(C12:0, C14:0, C16:0) (12.5%) and trans fatty acids (23.1%) in the TRANS-diet. The sum of C12:0, C14:0 and C16:0 was 20.7% in the PUFA-diet. The amount of fat made up 30-31% of energy in all diets. Nine participants completed the study. The diurnal postprandial state level of tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) activity was significantly decreased on the TRANS-diet compared with the PALM-diet. t-PA activity was also decreased on the PUFA-diet compared with PALM-diet but the difference was below statistical significance (P=0.07, Bonferonni adjusted). There were no significant differences in either fasting levels or in circadian variation of t-PA antigen, PAI-1 activity, PAI-antigen, factor VII coagulant activity or fibrinogen between the three diets. Our results indicate that dietary trans fatty acids from PHSO has an unfavourable effect on postprandial t-PA activity and thus possibly on the fibrinolytic system compared with palm oil.
Fenofibrate raises plasma homocysteine levels in the fasted and fed states.; The effect of fenofibrate (FEN), compared with placebo (PL), on total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) levels in the fasted and fed states has been examined. Twenty men with established coronary artery disease (CAD) or with at least two cardiovascular risk factors, who had elevated plasma triglyceride levels (> 2.3 mmol/l) and reduced HDL-C levels (< 0.91 mmol/l), and in whom a fibric acid derivative was clinically indicated were studied. The study was a randomized, PL controlled, double-blind study designed to test the effect of micronized FEN on postprandial lipemia. Plasma tHcy levels were investigated as a post-hoc analysis. After a 4-week dietary stabilization period, patients were randomized to PL or FEN (200 mg/day) for 8 weeks, followed by an 8-h postprandial study, consisting of 1 g fat/kg body weight (35% cream). The methionine content of cream was approximately 0.53 mg/ml. A 5-week washout period was then followed by a second 8-week treatment period (FEN or PL), at the end of which a second postprandial study was undertaken. Blood was sampled in the fasted state (0 h) and postprandially at 2, 4, 6 and 8 h. Plasma was stored at -80 degrees C for homocysteine, vitamins B(6), B(12) and folate measurements. FEN caused a marked decrease in all triglyceride-rich lipoprotein parameters, no change in LDL-C, and an increase in HDL-C levels. Fen treatment was associated with an increase in fasting tHcy (PL: 10.3+/-3.3 micromol/l to FEN: 14.1+/-3.8 micromol/l, 40.4+/-20.5%, P < 0.001) and fed tHcy levels 6 h post-fat load (PL: 11.6+/-3.3 micromol/l vs. FEN: 17.1+/-5.4 micromol/l, P < 0.001). Homocysteine levels were increased by the fat load; PL: 14% (P < 0.001) and FEN: 21%, P < 0.001 at the 2, 4, 6 and 8 h time points. Change in tHcy level on FEN was not associated with changes in plasma levels of folate, vitamins B(6) or B(12) or creatinine. Amino acid analysis revealed that methionine and cysteine were significantly increased on FEN (P < 0.005). The incidence of hyperhomocysteinemia (defined as tHcy level >14 micromol/l) was PL: 2/20 (10%) and FEN: 9/20 (45%) (chi(2) = 4.51, P = 0.034). There was no correlation between changes in plasma triglyceride levels and tHcy levels. Since tHcy is considered an emerging cardiovascular risk factor, the ability of FEN to increase plasma tHcy levels could potentially mitigate the potential of this drug to protect against cardiovascular disease.
Does low lactose milk powder improve the nutritional intake and nutritional status of frail older Chinese people living in nursing homes?.; BACKGROUND: Malnutrition is prevalent among nursing home residents in Hong Kong. Nutrient dense oral supplements and yoghurt are unpopular among the Chinese older people because of their unfamiliar tastes and relatively high costs. Vitamin and mineral supplements do not address the problem of protein calorie undernutrition. Milk powder may be a suitable alternative supplement, but diarrhoea resulting from lactase deficiency is common in Chinese people., OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that a low lactose milk powder would be better tolerated in Chinese nursing home residents and result in improvement in nutritional intake without reducing habitual intake., DESIGN: Forty-seven residents were randomized to receive milk powder twice daily, or no supplement for seven weeks. Twenty-four hour food record, body weight, upper limb skinfold thicknesses and midarm circumference, grip strength, Barthel Index, and abbreviated mental test score were carried out at baseline and at seven weeks., RESULTS: The overall compliance was nearly 100%, and no subjects developed diarrhoea. Compared with controls, milk supplementation increased intake of calcium, vitamin D, vitamin A, riboflavin and potassium. There was no significant reduction in habitual dietary intake in supplemented subjects. There was a trend of weight gain in supplemented subjects, though this did not reach statistical significance. There was no change in handgrip strength, mental function and disability level., CONCLUSION: The study shows that low lactose milk powder is a well-accepted nutritional supplement without reducing habitual dietary intake.
Pharmacoeconomic evaluation of calcipotriol (Daivonex/Dovonex) and UVB phototherapy in the treatment of psoriasis: a Markov model for The Netherlands.; BACKGROUND: The high prevalence and chronic nature of psoriasis leads to high costs in relation to the treatment and control of the disease. A number of clinical trials have shown that a combination therapy of calcipotriol cream (Daivonex/Dovonex), Leo Pharmaceutical Products) and ultraviolet B phototherapy (UVB) decreases the total number of UVB exposures required compared to UVB treatment alone. From a societal point of view, the addition of calcipotriol to UVB therapy could achieve cost savings due to the fewer UVB treatments needed and the reduced travelling and time off work for patients. Fewer UVB exposures may also have other beneficial effects, i.e., shortened waiting lists and less risk to patients of developing cancer or photoaging of the skin., OBJECTIVE: To compare the cost-effectiveness of treating psoriatic patients in the Netherlands with calcipotriol cream used daily combined with twice weekly UVB treatments to emollient used daily combined with UVB given 3 times weekly., METHODS: Based on the clinical results from a Canadian trial, a decision-analytical model was constructed to simulate treatment outcomes and estimate the costs of managing psoriatic patients in the Netherlands over a period of 20 weeks from initiation of therapy. Unit costs and details of standard treatment protocols were collected from Dutch dermatology centres in hospitals and the community for use in the model. Other therapies, such as topical corticosteroids, tar or dithranol were not investigated in this analysis., RESULTS: The total cost of managing psoriatic patients in the Netherlands over a 20-week period is estimated as EUR 1,175.90 for those treated with calcipotriol and UVB and EUR 1,212.14 for patients treated with emollient and UVB. Thus, the former treatment, adding calcipotriol to UVB phototherapy, provides a minor cost saving of EUR 36.24 (3%) compared to the cost of UVB treatment alone. Sensitivity analyses demonstrated that these results are sensitive to changes in the cost of UVB treatment., CONCLUSION: Calcipotriol treatment combined with UVB phototherapy is a cost-neutral alternative to UVB phototherapy used with an emollient. The patients achieve treatment success in the same time on both treatments but the former, with calcipotriol, requires less exposure to UVB radiation. The additional drug costs from using calcipotriol are offset by savings from the fewer UVB sessions required. Essential beneficial effects for patients are less inconvenience, less risk of developing photoaging of the skin and less exposure to potentially carcinogenic radiations.
Teaching subjects with type 2 diabetes how to incorporate sugar choices into their daily meal plan promotes dietary compliance and does not deteriorate metabolic profile.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether teaching free-living subjects with type 2 diabetes how to incorporate added sugars or sweets into their daily meal plan results in a greater consumption of calories (fat or sugar) and deteriorates their glycemic or lipid profiles but improves their perceived quality of life., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In an 8-month randomized controlled trial, 48 free-living subjects with type 2 diabetes were taught either a conventional (C) meal plan (no concentrated sweets) or one permitting as much as 10% of total energy as added sugars or sweets (S). Mean individual nutrient intake was determined using the average of six 24-h telephone recalls per 4 months. Metabolic control and quality of life were evaluated every 2 months. Quality of life was assessed using the Medical Outcome Survey and the Diabetes Quality of Life questionnaire., RESULTS: The S group did not consume more calories (fat or sugar) and in fact ate significantly less carbohydrate (-15 vs. 10 g) and less starch (-7 vs. 8 g) and had a tendency to eat fewer calories (-77 vs. 81 kcal) than the C group. Weight remained stable, and there was no evidence that consuming more sugar worsened metabolic profile or improved their perceived quality of life., CONCLUSIONS: Giving individuals with type 2 diabetes the freedom to include sugar in their daily meal plan had no negative impact on dietary habits or metabolic control. Health professionals can be reassured and encouraged to teach the new "sugar guidelines," because doing so may result in a more conscientious carbohydrate consumption.
No differences in growth or body composition from age 12 to 24 months between toddlers consuming 2% milk and toddlers consuming whole milk.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether consumption of 2% milk during the second year of life leads to reduced growth or lower percentage body fat compared with consumption of whole milk., SUBJECTS: Subjects were healthy toddlers who participated in a larger trial examining the effects of the timing of introduction of solid foods on growth., DESIGN: Three-day diet diaries, anthropometric measurements, and body composition determined by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry were assessed at 12, 18, and 24 months of age. At age 12 months, the toddlers were similar in length, weight, percentage body fat, and total energy intake. From 12 to 24 months of age, milk consumption consisted of whole milk exclusively in one group (n = 23) and 2% milk exclusively in another group (n = 28)., STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Differences between the 2 groups in anthropometric measurements, changes in anthropometric measurements, and dietary intakes were determined by Student t tests. Mean differences were considered significant at the P = .05 level. Data are presented as mean +/- standard deviation., RESULTS: Despite lower intakes of total fat and saturated fat in the 2% milk group, there were no differences in height, weight, and percentage body fat. Total energy intake was not reduced in the 2% milk group., APPLICATIONS: Reductions in total fat and saturated fat intake in toddlers can be achieved through the use of 2% milk without compromising growth.
Dairy calcium is related to changes in body composition during a two-year exercise intervention in young women.; OBJECTIVE: Relationships between micronutrients and dairy product intake and changes in body weight and composition over two years were investigated., DESIGN: Two year prospective non-concurrent analysis of the effect of calcium intake on changes in body composition during a two year exercise intervention., SUBJECTS: 54 normal weight young women, 18 to 31 years of age., MEASURES OF OUTCOME: Mean intakes of nutrients of interest were determined from three-day diet records completed at baseline and every six months for two years. The change in total body weight and body composition (assessed by dual x-ray absorptiometry) from baseline to two years was also determined., RESULTS: Total calcium/kilocalories and vitamin A together predicted (negatively and positively, respectively) changes in body weight (R2 = 0.19) and body fat (R2 = 0.27). Further, there was an interaction of calcium and energy intake in predicting changes in body weight, such that, only at lower energy intakes, calcium intake (not adjusted for energy) predicted changes in body weight., CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of exercise group assignment, calcium adjusted for energy intake had a negative relationship and vitamin A intake a positive relationship with two year changes in total body weight and body fat in young women aged 18 to 31 years. Thus, subjects with high calcium intake, corrected by total energy intake, and lower vitamin A intake gained less weight and body fat over two years in this randomized exercise intervention trial.
Estrous cycle regulation of mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and death in the Sprague-Dawley rat: a model for investigating the role of estrous cycling in mammary carcinogenesis.; The Sprague-Dawley rat is highly regarded for studies designed to investigate the effects of endocrine modulation on mammary carcinogenesis. In this study, we further evaluate the validity of the Sprague-Dawley rat model for the study of human breast cancer by evaluating the effects of normal 4-day estrous cycling on mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptotic death. Trends in mammary gland development with stage of 4-day estrous cycle were evident. Mammary glands isolated from follicular and early luteal stages had predominantly ductal histoarchitecture, whereas glands isolated from mid-late luteal were predominantly lobuloalveolar. Quantitation of BrdU incorporation revealed that epithelial cell proliferation was eight-fold higher in metestrus and diestrus-1 than in proestrus. Expression of beta-casein and whey acidic protein (WAP)4 mRNA was also highly dependent on stage of estrous, with detection restricted to midcycle. Apoptotic cell death of mammary epithelium was found to be suppressed during the peak in cell proliferation. TRPM-2/ clusterin mRNA was elevated when apoptosis was low and milk protein mRNA levels were high, consistent with putative roles for TRPM-2/clusterin in inhibiting cell death in regressing tissues and inducing mammary epithelial cell differentiation. Cell proliferation, differentiation, and death occurred only in a subset of epithelial cells per estrous cycle, and these cells appeared randomly distributed throughout multiple ductules and alveoli. These observations suggest that cellular response(s) to ovarian hormone-dependent signals is asynchronous. Cumulatively, these observations demonstrate that rat mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and death are under the control of cycling ovarian hormones, similarly to the human mammary epithelium during the menstrual cycle.
Short-term effects of yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes in non-obese subjects.; BACKGROUND: The satiating properties of fat remain poorly understood, particularly with reference to its physicochemical characteristics., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the short-term effects of consumption of yoghurt containing either a novel fat emulsion or normal milk fat, on the energy and macronutrient intakes of non-obese subjects., DESIGN: Two double-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject crossover studies were conducted three months apart. Twenty-nine (15 F, 14 M) and thirty (16 F, 14 M) subjects participated in Study 1 and Study 2 respectively. In each study, subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, either a 200g portion of a test (5g of a novel fat emulsion + 1 g milk fat) or control (6g milk fat) yoghurt at 1300 h. At 4h post-consumption subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed by individuals were determined by pre- and post-covert weighing of individual serving dishes., RESULTS: Mean energy intakes were significantly lower after the test yoghurt compared with the control yoghurt in Study 1 (6.4 vs 7.6 MJ; P< 0.001), Study 2 (6.9 vs 7.9 MJ; P<0.001), and for both studies combined (6.7 vs 7.7 MJ; P<0.001). The corresponding fat intakes in Study 1, Study 2 and in the combined studies were all significantly reduced (P< 0.001). Protein and carbohydrate intakes were also significantly reduced in Study 1 (P< 0.05), Study 2 (P< 0.01), and for the combined studies (P< 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the physicochemical characteristics of small amounts of dietary fat affect short-term satiety.
Enhancing immunity by dietary consumption of a probiotic lactic acid bacterium (Bifidobacterium lactis HN019): optimization and definition of cellular immune responses.; OBJECTIVE: To define the cellular basis for immune enhancement by a probiotic lactic acid bacteria strain (Bifidobacterium lactis HN019); and to determine whether immune enhancement can be optimized by delivery in oligosaccharide-enriched low-fat milk., DESIGN: A double-blind, three-stage before-and-after intervention trial., SETTING: Taipei Medical College Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan., SUBJECTS: Fifty healthy Taiwanese citizens (age range 41-81; median 60) randomly allocated to two groups., INTERVENTIONS: In stage 1 (run-in control stage) all subjects consumed reconstituted low-fat milk (LFM) for 3 weeks; in stage 2 (probiotic intervention) subjects consumed B. lactis in LFM (group A) or B. lactis in lactose-hydrolysed LFM (group B) for 3 weeks; in stage 3 all subjects returned to non-supplemented LFM for a further 3 weeks (washout stage). The innate immune functions of two different leucocyte types (polymorphonuclear (PMN) cells and natural killer (NK) cells) were assessed at four time points via in vitro analyses on peripheral blood samples., RESULTS: While consumption of LFM alone had no significant effect on immune responses, stage 2 results indicated significantly enhanced PMN cell phagocytosis and NK cell tumour killing activity following consumption of milk containing B. lactis. These increases levelled off following cessation of B. lactis consumption, but remained above the pre-treatment values. Increases in PMN and NK cell activity were greatest among subjects who consumed B. lactis in lactose-hydrolysed LFM., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary consumption of the probiotic bacterium B. lactis HN019 enhanced immune function of two different types of leucocytes; the degree of enhancement was increased by consuming B. lactis in an oligosaccharide-rich substrate., SPONSORSHIP: Financial support was provided by the New Zealand Dairy Board.
Consumption of black tea elicits an increase in plasma antioxidant potential in humans.; Epidemiological studies suggest that the consumption of tea flavonoids may be associated with reduced risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and cancer-related deaths. The flavonoids are polyphenols which in vitro exhibit antioxidant properties. Tea flavonoids are known to be rapidly absorbed into the circulation following oral ingestion. To date few studies have demonstrated that these bioavailable flavonoids retain antioxidant properties in vivo. Nine healthy subjects aged between 26 and 59 (one male and eight females) took part in 3 study days. On 1 day subjects consumed no tea and on the other 2 days subjects drank either black tea with milk, or black tea alone at hourly intervals between 9.00 a.m. and 14.00 p.m. Blood was sampled at 9.00 a.m. and at 12.00 p.m. and 15.00 p.m. The antioxidant potential of plasma was determined using the ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) assay. Subjects consuming no tea exhibited no significant change in FRAP across the 6 hours of the study day. Similarly consumption of milky tea produced no change in FRAP between 9.00 a.m. and 12.00 p.m. and the 50% increase in FRAP noted between 12.00 p.m. and 15.00 p.m. was not statistically significant. When the subjects consumed black tea without milk FRAP increased by 65% between 9.00 a.m. and 12.00 p.m. (P = 0.02) and at 15.00 p.m. was 76% higher than at 9.00 a.m. (P = 0.002). Heavy consumption of black tea thus appears to elevate circulating antioxidant potentials in vivo. This is an effect which appears to be totally negated by the drinking of tea with milk. Although tea may thus represent an important source of dietary antioxidants in many societies, the role of tea in reducing risk of major disease states needs to be investigated in more detail.
Effect of plant sterols from rice bran oil and triterpene alcohols from sheanut oil on serum lipoprotein concentrations in humans.; BACKGROUND: Intake of unsaponifiable compounds from edible oils, such as plant sterols, can lower serum cholesterol concentrations in humans. However, little is known about effects of other chemically related unsaponifiables in edible oils, such as triterpene alcohols., OBJECTIVE: We studied the effects of plant sterols from rice bran oil and triterpene alcohols from sheanut oil on cholesterol concentrations in healthy, normolipemic volunteers., DESIGN: Twenty-eight men and 32 women consumed 29 g/d of 3 margarines for 3 wk each on a crossover, double-blind basis. A margarine based on sunflower oil was used as the control. Concentrates of plant sterols from rice bran oil or triterpene alcohols from sheanut oil were added to make 2 experimental margarines with the same fatty acid composition as the control margarine., RESULTS: Intake of 2.1 g plant sterols/d from rice bran oil decreased total cholesterol by 0.19 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.31, -0.07 mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol by 0.20 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.30, -0.10 mmol/L). HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations did not change significantly. Intake of 2.6 g triterpene alcohols/d from sheanut oil did not significantly affect lipoprotein concentrations in all subjects combined., CONCLUSIONS: We found that 2.1 g plant sterols/d from rice bran oil lowered serum total cholesterol by 5% and LDL cholesterol by 9% in normolipemic humans, whereas triterpene alcohols from sheanut oil did not significantly affect lipoprotein concentrations in all subjects combined. The effect of rice bran oil sterols is probably due to ss-sitosterol and other 4-desmethylsterols and not to 4,4'-dimethylsterols.
Combined corrections for attenuation, depth-dependent blur, and motion in cardiac SPECT: a multicenter trial.; BACKGROUND: The diagnostic accuracy of cardiac single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is limited by image-degrading factors, such as heart or subject motion, depth-dependent blurring caused by the collimator, and photon scatter and attenuation. We developed correction approaches for motion, depth-dependent blur, and attenuation and performed a multicenter validation., METHODS AND RESULTS: Motion was corrected both transversely and axially with a cross-correlation technique. Depth-dependent blurring was corrected by first back-projecting each projection and then applying a depth-dependent Wiener filter row by row. Attenuation was corrected with an iterative, nonuniform Chang algorithm, based on a transmission scan-generated attenuation map. We validated these approaches in 112 subjects, including 36 women (20 healthy volunteers, 8 angiographically normal patients, and 8 patients with coronary artery disease [CAD] found by means of angiography) and 76 men (23 healthy volunteers, 10 angiographically normal patients, and 43 patients with CAD found by means of angiography). Either technetium 99m or thallium 201 was used for emission; either gadolinium 153 or Tc-99m was used for transmission. Images were reconstructed and blindly interpreted with a 5-point scale for receiver operating characteristic analysis in 2 ways: motion correction plus a Butterworth filter, and combined motion and blur and attenuation corrections. The interpretation by means of consensus was for the overall presence of CAD and vascular territory. The receiver operating characteristic curves for overall presence and each of the 3 main coronary arteries were all shifted upward and to the left and had larger areas under the curve, for combined corrections compared with motion correction and Butterworth. Sensitivity/specificity for motion correction and Butterworth were 84/69, 64/71, 32/94, and 71/81 overall for the left anterior descending, the right coronary artery, and circumflex territories, respectively, compared with 88/92, 77/93, 50/97, and 74/95, respectively, for the combined corrections., CONCLUSIONS: The proposed combined corrections for motion, depth-dependent blur, and attenuation significantly improve diagnostic accuracy, when compared with motion correction alone.
Fat intake during childhood: metabolic responses and effects on growth.; Lipids are considered the most important energy source in the infant diet and are necessary for normal growth and physical activity. Human milk, in which most of the energy is present as fat, provides a relatively high cholesterol intake. Formula provides a much lower cholesterol intake. Infants fed human milk have higher total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in plasma than do formula-fed infants (P: < 0.05), whereas plasma HDL- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations are lower in formula-fed infants if a formula high in linoleate is fed (P: < 0.05). Infants adapt to the high cholesterol content of human milk through a decrease in cholesterol synthesis; in contrast, the addition of cholesterol to formula does not suppress synthesis. Measurements of serum lipoproteins and LDL-receptor activity suggest that it is the fatty acid content, rather than the cholesterol content, of the diet that regulates cholesterol homeostasis. We studied the effect of total energy, source of energy, and fat on growth indexes of children <6 y of age in Latin America with use of food balance data. With respect to availability of animal fat, a negative relation was evident for being underweight (percentage weight-for-age <2 SDs of the World Health Organization-National Center for Health Statistics standards) and for having a low birth weight; the latter was also negatively related to energy. Wasting (percentage weight-for-height <2 SDs) was not related to dietary factors. These results suggest that diets that provide <22% of energy from fat and that are low in animal fats may restrict growth. The coexistence of early stunting with adult obesity in Latin America creates a dilemma for public nutrition intervention programs.
Comparison of the effects of plant sterol ester and plant stanol ester-enriched margarines in lowering serum cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a low-fat diet.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate cholesterol-lowering effects of stanol ester (STAEST) and sterol ester (STEEST)-enriched margarines as part of a low-fat diet., DESIGN: According to a Latin square model randomized double-blind repeated measures design with three test margarines and three periods., SETTING: Outpatient clinical trial with free-living subjects., SUBJECTS: Thirty-four hypercholesterolaemic subjects completed the study., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects consumed three rapeseed oil-based test margarines (STAEST, STEEST and control (no added stanols or sterols)) as part of a low-fat diet each for 4 weeks., RESULTS: Mean daily intake of total plant sterols plus stanols was 2.01-2.04 g during the two test margarine periods. In reference to control, serum total cholesterol was reduced by 9.2 and 7.3% with the STAEST and STEEST margarine, respectively (P<0.001 for both). The respective reductions for low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were 12.7 and 10.4% (P<0. 001). The cholesterol-lowering effects of the test margarines did not differ significantly. The presence of apolipoprotein E4 allele had a significant effect on LDL cholesterol response during the STAEST margarine only. Serum sitosterol and campesterol increased by 0.83 and 2.77 mg/l with the STEEST (P<0.001), respectively and decreased by 1.18 and 2.60 mg/l with the STAEST margarine (P<0.001). Increases of serum sitostanol and campestanol were 0.11 and 0.19 mg/l with the STAEST margarine (P<0.001), repsectively. No significant changes were found in serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations when related to serum total cholesterol., CONCLUSIONS: STAEST and STEEST margarines reduced significantly and equally serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations as part of a low-fat diet., SPONSORSHIP: Grant to the University of Kuopio by Raisio Benecol Ltd, Raisio, Finland.
Effects on serum lipids, lipoproteins and fat soluble antioxidant concentrations of consumption frequency of margarines and shortenings enriched with plant stanol esters.; OBJECTIVE: To examine in humans the effects on serum lipids, lipoproteins and fat-soluble antioxidants of a daily consumption of 2.5 g plant stanols, consumed either once per day at lunch or divided over the three meals., DESIGN: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over design., SUBJECTS: Thirty-nine healthy normocholesterolemic or mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects participated., INTERVENTIONS: Each subject consumed in random order; no plant stanols; 2.5 g plant stanols at lunch; and 2.5 g plant stanols divided over the three meals (0.42 g at breakfast, 0.84 g at lunch and 1.25 g at dinner, which is proportional to dietary cholesterol intake). Each period lasted 4 weeks. Plant stanols were esterified with fatty acids from low erucic rapeseed oil (LEAR) and incorporated into margarines or shortenings., RESULTS: Consumption of 2.5 g plant stanols at lunch results in a similar low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol-lowering efficacy compared to consumption of 2.5 g plant stanols divided over the three meals (-0. 29 mmol/l compared with the control period (P<0.001; 95% CI, -0.19 to -0.39 mmol/l) for the once per day diet and -0.31 mmol/l (P<0. 001; 95% CI, -0.20 to -0.41 mmol/l)) for the three times per day period). High-density Lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations did not change. After standardization for LDL cholesterol, the sum of the most lipophylic hydrocarbon carotenoids (ie alpha-carotene, beta-carotene and lycopene) in particular was slightly, though not significantly, lowered by -0. 017+/-0.018 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (P=0.307) after the once per day period and by -0.032+/-0.016 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (P=0.049) after the three times per day period., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that for lowering LDL cholesterol concentrations it is not necessary to consume products rich in plant stanol ester at each meal or simultaneously with dietary cholesterol., SPONSORSHIP: Raisio Group, Raisio, Finland.
High-dose growth hormone does not affect proinflammatory cytokine (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, and interferon-gamma) release from activated peripheral blood mononuclear cells or after minimal to moderate surgical stress.; High-dose GH therapy, with GH doses 10-20 times the normal replacement dose for GH-deficient adults, has been used as an anti-catabolic agent in a number of different patient groups. A recent study, however, has shown an increase in mortality in critically ill patients treated with high-dose GH. The increased mortality was associated with multiorgan failure, septic shock, and uncontrolled infection, suggesting that GH may have altered the immune response. The GH receptor and GH are both expressed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs); thus, GH could act as either an endocrine or an autocrine modulator of the immune response. We have examined the hypothesis that high-dose GH therapy may induce proinflammatory cytokines, which are implicated in septic shock. To do this we measured cytokine production by PBMCs incubated in conditions that simulated high-dose GH therapy, and we measured cytokine levels in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy who were randomized to receive either high-dose GH therapy (13 IU/m2 x day) or placebo. To confirm the biological activity of GH in our cell culture system we used a Stat5 functional assay. In this assay GH induced a bell-shaped curve, with a maximal response at GH levels between 100-1,000 ng/mL. PBMCs from healthy volunteers were incubated with GH in doses from 1-1,000 ng/mL for 6-72 h under resting conditions and after activation with endotoxin and the mixed lymphocyte reaction. Studies were repeated with PBMCs from six individuals using a GH dose of 100 ng/mL (the level of GH found after high-dose GH therapy) and an endotoxin dose that gave a submaximal response (0.01 ng/mL). GH had no effect on cell proliferation or the production of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFalpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), or interferon-gamma (IFNgamma). In patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy there was a time-related effect of surgery on cytokine levels. There was a rise in IL-6 and a fall in TNFalpha at 24 h after surgery; however, high-dose GH therapy had no effect on the cytokine response. We considered the possibility that endogenous GH production by PBMCs could influence the cytokine response in activated PBMCs; however, incubation of PBMCs in the presence of the GH receptor antagonist, B2036, had no effect on TNFalpha, IL-6, or IFNgamma production by PBMCs in either the mixed lymphocyte reaction or when activated by endotoxin. These results suggest that high-dose GH therapy does not alter the proinflammatory cytokine response to surgery or endotoxin. The results do not exclude an effect of GH on the immune response, but they suggest that the mortality seen in critically ill patients may be due to factors other than immune modulation.
Apolipoprotein E4 phenotype increases non-fasting serum triglyceride concentration in infants - the STRIP study.; As genetically determined apolipoprotein E (apo E) phenotypes influence serum cholesterol concentration, we analysed whether serum triglyceride values are also affected by the apo E phenotypes in infants. Non-fasting serum triglyceride values were measured in 7- and 13-month-old participants in the STRIP project, a randomised, prospective trial aimed at reducing children's exposure to known atherosclerosis risk factors (n=1062). The mean+/-S.D. non-fasting serum triglyceride concentrations in 7-month-old infants with apo E4/4 (n=36), E3/4 (n=209), E3/3 (n=412), and E2/3 (n=66) were 2. 05+/-1.24, 1.81+/-0.90, 1.63+/-0.90, and 1.71+/-0.83 mmol/l, respectively. Triglyceride concentrations were higher in infants with apo E4/4 or 3/4 than in those with apo E3/3 (P-value for difference 0.01 and 0.009, respectively). The apo E phenotype similarly influenced non-fasting serum triglyceride concentrations at the age of 13 months. The differences in serum triglyceride values in apo E4(+) infants (apo E3/4 and 4/4 infants combined) and apo E4(-) infants (apo E2/3 and 3/3 infants combined) occurred independently of the relative weight of the infant, milk type used at 7 months of age (breast milk or formula), and time elapsed from the previous meal. To conclude, apo E phenotypes regulate non-fasting serum triglyceride values in healthy infants. Apo E3/4 and apo E4/4 predispose infants to higher values than apo E3/3 phenotype, suggesting that the varepsilon4 allele may increase atherosclerosis risk also via it's effect on postprandial triglyceride metabolism.
Blood pressure responses to high-calcium skim milk and potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk.; OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to evaluate the effect of high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk on blood pressure compared with nonenriched skim milk., DESIGN: This was a randomized double-blind controlled trial. Each milk intervention lasted for 4 weeks, with a minimum of 4 weeks of wash-out between interventions., METHODS: We recruited 38 healthy people, aged over 40 years, to take part in a double-blind, randomized, controlled cross-over study. We asked them to replace their usual liquid milk with two servings per day of skim milk (control), high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk. We measured office blood pressures (seated and standing) at the start and after 2 and 4 weeks of milk intervention and we measured daytime ambulatory blood pressures at the start and after 4 weeks of milk intervention. Each milk intervention was interspaced by a 4-week interval., RESULTS: Office systolic blood pressure (standing) decreased from 127 +/- 16 to 124 +/- 16 mmHg (P<0.05) after 4 weeks of skim milk and from 130 +/- 18 to 126 +/- 17 mmHg (P<0.05) after 4 weeks of high calcium skim milk. After 4 weeks of consuming the potassium-enriched high-calcium milk, systolic blood pressure decreased from 125 +/- 18 to 117 +/- 16 mmHg (P<0.001) seated, and from 130 +/- 16 to 122 +/- 15 mmHg (P<0.001) standing. There were no significant changes in office diastolic blood pressure after any milk. There was no change in ambulatory blood pressure after either skim milk or high-calcium skim milk. After 4 weeks of potassium-enriched high-calcium milk, ambulatory daytime systolic blood pressure decreased from 138 +/- 13 to 135 +/- 11 mm Hg (P<0.05) and daytime diastolic blood pressure decreased from 80 +/- 8 to 78 +/- 9 mmHg (P<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: High-calcium milk enriched with potassium has a small hypotensive effect in healthy people aged over 40 years.
Treatment of enterotoxigenic and enteropathogenic Escherichia coli-induced diarrhoea in children with bovine immunoglobulin milk concentrate from hyperimmunized cows: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) and enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (EPEC) are important causes of diarrhoea in young children and are associated with significant mortality rates. Passive immunization with antibodies from immunized cows has previously been shown to be effective as prophylaxis against E. coli-induced diarrhoea and therapeutically against rotavirus and cryptosporidia-induced diarrhoea., METHODS: We tested the therapeutic efficacy of an oral bovine immunoglobulin milk concentrate (BIC) from cows hyperimmunized with ETEC and EPEC strains, in a randomized, placebo-controlled study in children with E. coli-induced diarrhoea. Eighty-six children between 4-24 months of age attending the International Centre for Diarrhoeal Disease Research, Bangladesh (ICDDR, B) with E. coli-induced diarrhoea (63 EPEC/ETEC and 23 with other diarrhoeagenic E. coli) were randomly assigned to receive orally administered BIC (20 g) containing anti-ETEC/EPEC antibodies or a placebo preparation daily for 4 consecutive days. Daily stool output, intake of oral rehydration solution (ORS), stool frequency, and presence of diarrhoeagenic E. coli strains in the stool were monitored for 4 days., RESULTS: Children in the treatment group tolerated the BIC with no side effects. There were no significant differences between the two groups with regard to ORS intake, stool output, frequency of diarrhoea, or clearance of pathogen. Nor was there any significant alteration in the duration of diarrhoea., CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to the prophylactic efficacy of anti-E. coli BIC and the therapeutic efficacy of a similarly prepared anti-rotavirus BIC, antibodies from hyperimmunized cows appear to have no significant therapeutic benefit in the treatment of acute diarrhoea due to EPEC/ETEC.
Substituting enzymatically interesterified butter for native butter has no effect on lipemia or lipoproteinemia in Man.; The aim of this study was to determine whether substituting enzymatically interesterified butter for native butter in the usual diet affects lipid and lipoprotein levels in man. Parameters studied were serum total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, free cholesterol, phospholipids, triglycerides, apoA1 and apoB and the fatty acid composition of serum triglycerides, free fatty acids, phospholipids and cholesterol esters. Subjects were healthy volunteers and a controlled design was used. The only mathematically significant difference found when interesterified butter was substituted for butter was an about 7% lower fraction of oleic acid in the serum cholesterol esters (p = 0.005). In contrast to an earlier study where chemically interesterified butter fat was substituted for native butter, no indications are found in this study that replacing native butter by enzymatically interesterified butter, in amounts normally consumed, may have any beneficial effect on health. Copyright 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel
Yogurt consumption does not enhance immune function in healthy premenopausal women.; Fermented milk products may protect against breast cancer by stimulating immunologic activity. Twenty-five women [24.0 +/- 0.7 (SE) yr] were assigned randomly to two groups: control (n = 12) and yogurt treatment (n = 13). Controls refrained from yogurt products for three months, whereas the yogurt treatment group consumed two cups (454 g/day) of commercially produced yogurt for three consecutive months. Prior yogurt consumption did not exceed 4-6 cups/mo, and subjects consumed their usual diet during the study. Three-day diet records and fasting midluteal blood samples were obtained during subjects' first, second, and fourth menstrual cycles (baseline, Month 1, and Month 3, respectively). Macronutrient intakes differed between groups only for carbohydrate. Calcium intake increased for yogurt consumers during intervention. Lymphocyte proliferation induced by concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin, and pokeweed mitogen, interleukin 2 production, and cytotoxic T lymphocyte-mediated cytotoxicity was assessed after baseline and Months 1 and 3 for both groups. No significant immune differences between the control and yogurt treatment group were observed for concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin, pokeweed mitogen, interleukin-2, or cytotoxicity. In conclusion, three months of yogurt consumption did not enhance ex vivo cell-mediated immune function in young women.
[Preventing the transmission of HIV-1 from mother to child in Africa in the year 2000].; African women of childbearing age are particularly vulnerable to HIV infection, and this has led to an increase in the number of pediatric HIV infections reported due to the risk of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of HIV during pregnancy, delivery and breastfeeding. Various approaches to preventing MTCT have been, or are being, evaluated in developing countries, especially in Africa. New data from these trials are becoming available and have implications for population-based intervention programs that require urgent consideration. We performed a critical review of 18 randomized trials and other relevant studies from developing and industrialized countries, to assess public health perspectives and to identify new research issues. Most African results relate to trials of antiretroviral drugs (ARVs) given to mothers during the last month of pregnancy, and for up to one week after delivery, and to the neonate during the first week of life, or simpler and shorter regimens. They indicate that zidovudine treatment, with or without lamivudine, and nevirapine treatment given alone, reduce transmission during the first six months of life by 30 % to 50%. Preliminary results suggest that zidovudine treatment is effective in the long term. One randomized study showed that the replacement of breast feeding with breast milk substitutes was effective at reducing the overall risk of MTCT. Antiseptic disinfection and micronutrient supplementation have been shown to reduce maternal and infant mortality and morbidity, but not the MTCT of HIV. Voluntary, confidential HIV counseling and testing for pregnant women, a short course of peripartum ARVs and alternatives to breast feeding such as early weaning and breast milk substitutes from birth, are currently the best means of reducing the MTCT of HIV in Africa. Pilot programs based on these findings are currently being implemented in several African countries. Prevention of the MTCT of HIV should also be considered as part of the wider management of maternal and infant health during prenatal, delivery and postnatal care. Several complementary issues require further investigation. Some results, such as the long-term efficacy of a short course of ARVs once the mother has finished breast feeding, and the long-term safety of these treatments, require confirmation. Further studies are required into the prevention of postnatal transmission, particularly in light of the unknown consequences of different feeding options and the possibility of post-perinatal prophylaxis with ARVs. The reduction of MTCT of HIV in Africa is a true challenge in efforts to control the HIV pandemic, but recent progress in the identification of effective treatments provides some hope. Large-scale implementation of these new treatments is required, and should provide practical information and perhaps identify more potent, and possibly cheaper, strategies.
A multicenter long-term safety and efficacy trial of preterm formula supplemented with long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids.; BACKGROUND: The tissue accretion of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids is compromised in infants born prematurely. Human milk contains long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, but most preterm infant formulas do not. The long-term effects of preterm formula supplemented with arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, in proportions typical of those in human milk, were therefore investigated., METHODS: In this double-blind, randomized study, 288 preterm infants received experimental formula (n = 77), unsupplemented (control) formula (n = 78), or human milk (n = 133) until 48 weeks postconceptional age (PCA). Term formula, without supplemental long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, was administered from 48 to 92 weeks PCA to formula-fed infants and to infants weaned from human milk. Anthropometric and fatty acid data were assessed by using analysis of variance., RESULTS: At 92 weeks PCA, no statistically significant anthropometric measurement differences were found except for midarm circumference, which was smaller in human milk-fed infants than in those fed formula. Phospholipid concentrations were similar in the experimental and human milk-fed groups, and docosahexaenoic acid levels were significantly greater than in the control group. The types and incidences of adverse events were similar among the feeding groups., CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study demonstrate the efficacy and long-term safety of preterm formula supplemented with long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Are the stool characteristics of preterm infants affected by infant formulas?.; The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between the type of formula consumed and the stool characteristics and gastrointestinal symptoms of preterm infants prospectively. Seventy-five preterm infants weighing < 2000 g in our neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) were investigated. Four groups of 15 each were fed one of four commercial formula preparations (Prematil, Neonatal, Humana-0 and S-26) and the fifth group was breast-fed in a prospective, randomized, double-blind study. The stool characteristics and gastrointestinal problems were recorded daily from the first day till the time they were discharged by the nurses of NICU. No significant differences of daily weight gain was observed between the groups. No significant difference was observed in daily frequency of stool, distention, vomiting and gas passage between the groups during the enteral + parenteral and full-enteral nutrition periods. The infants fed by Prematil during the enteral + parenteral nutrition period had a higher percentage of hard stool occurrence than infants receiving Humana-0 and breast milk. In the full-enteral nutrition period, infants receiving Prematil had a higher percentage of hard stool occurrence than all the other groups, whereas breast-fed infants had a lower percentage of hard stool than all the other groups. While the group fed with Humana-0 had a higher percentage of green stool occurrence in the enteral + parenteral nutrition period, no significant difference was observed in the full-enteral nutrition period. In the enteral + parenteral nutrition period no additional therapy affected stool characteristics or the gastrointestinal system except in the case of the infant receiving phototherapy for whom the daily number of detections was significantly high. In this study, it was shown that the color and consistency of stool in preterm infant differs according to the preterm infant formulas, but no differences were observed in the frequency of defecation or in gastrointestinal system problems. When the infant formulas were compared with breast milk, it was shown that they cause a higher percentage of hard stool occurrence. An increased number of formula feedings are necessary to obtain a similar daily weight gain, but the color and the frequency of the stool and the gastrointestinal system problems were similar for breast-fed and formula-fed infants.
Late onset reactions to oral food challenge are linked to low serum interleukin-10 concentrations in patients with atopic dermatitis and food allergy.; BACKGROUND: Aberrant cytokine production in vitro has been associated with atopic disease. No study has as yet been made of the circulating cytokine profiles in atopic patients with food allergy in response to oral allergen challenge., OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of oral allergen challenge on the serum cytokine concentrations in patients with atopic dermatitis and food allergy., METHODS: Serum concentrations of interleukin (IL)-10, transforming growth factor beta 1, IL-1ra, IL-6, IL-5, IL-4 and interferon (IFN)-gamma were measured before and after double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenges (DBPCFC) (n = 73). Before DBPCFC, combined skin prick and patch testing was performed for cow milk, egg, soybean and cereals, and production of IFNgamma, IL-4, IL-10 and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) was determined in supernatants of cultures of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) stimulated by cow milk., RESULTS: The oral food challenge triggered immediate onset exanthematous reactions in 22 cases and late onset eczematous reactions in 29. The late-reacting cases had more positive skin patch test and negative skin prick test reactivities with allergenic food, and they had lower serum IL10 concentrations than immediate-reacting cases. In challenge-positive cases, IL-10 concentrations increased from 2.9 (0.1-5.04) pg/mL to 3. 9 (1.2-8.3) pg/mL in response to DBPCFC, P = 0.05, median (interquartile ranges), but not in those tolerant to cow milk. PBMCs of patients with cow milk allergy but not of those tolerant to cow milk generated TNFalpha in response to cow milk in vitro., CONCLUSION: These results indicate that oral allergen challenge in atopic patients with food allergy triggers systemic release of IL-10. Patients with late onset reactions were found to have lower serum IL-10 concentrations than their immediate-reacting counterparts. Considering that IL-10 is an inhibitory cytokine of delayed-type hypersensitivity, low IL-10 in late-reacting patients may explain the high frequency of their positive skin patch tests combined with negative skin prick tests.
EMLA reduces acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: A significant percentage of women undergoing breast surgery for cancer may develop neuropathic pain in the chest, and/or ipsilateral axilla and/or upper medial arm, with impairment in performing daily occupational activities. We designed this study to determine if the perioperative application of EMLA (eutectic mixture of local anesthetics; AstraZeneca) cream in the breast and axilla area reduces analgesic requirements, as well as the acute and chronic pain after breast surgery., METHODS: Forty-six female patients scheduled for breast surgery received randomly 5 g of EMLA or placebo on the sternal area 5 minutes before surgery, and 15 g on the supraclavicular area and axilla at the end of the operation. Treatment with EMLA cream (20 g) or placebo was also applied daily on the 4 days after surgery. In the postanesthesia care unit (PACU), 3, 6, 9, and 24 hours after surgery, and on the second to sixth day postoperatively, pain was assessed by visual analogue scale (VAS) at rest and after movement, and postoperative analgesic requirements were recorded. Three months later, patients were asked if they had pain in the chest wall, axilla and/or medial upper arm, decreased sensation, if they required analgesics at home, and for the intensity of pain., RESULTS: Acute pain at rest and with movement did not differ between the EMLA and control groups, and the analgesics consumed during the first 24 hours were the same for the EMLA and control groups. However, time to the first analgesia requirement was longer (P = .04), and codeine and paracetamol consumption during the second to fifth days was less (P = .001, and P = .004, respectively) in the EMLA versus the control group. Three months postoperatively, pain in the chest wall, axilla, and the total incidence and the intensity of chronic pain were significantly less in the EMLA versus the control group (P = .004, P = .025, P = .002 and P = .003, respectively). The use of analgesics at home and abnormal sensations did not differ between the 2 groups., CONCLUSIONS: The application of EMLA to patients undergoing breast surgery for cancer reduced the postoperative analgesic requirements and the incidence and intensity of chronic pain.
Effects of increased consumption of fluid milk on energy and nutrient intake, body weight, and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy older adults.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the impact of increased consumption of milk, without other dietary advice, on older adults' energy and nutrient intakes, weight, cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure, plasma lipid levels), and quality of life., SUBJECTS/SETTING: Two hundred four healthy men and women, aged 55 to 85 years, who consumed fewer than 1.5 dairy servings per day were chosen from six US academic health centers., DESIGN: Randomized, controlled open trial., INTERVENTION: Advice to increase skim or 1% milk intake by 3 cups per day (n = 101) or to maintain usual diet (n = 103) for 12 weeks after a 4-week baseline period., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in energy and nutrient intake assessed from 3-day food records, body weight, blood pressure, and plasma lipid levels., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Group-by-time analysis of variance with repeated-measures, chi 2 test., RESULTS: Compliance with the intervention was good. Compared with controls, participants in the milk-supplemented group significantly increased energy, protein, cholesterol, vitamins A, D, and B-12, riboflavin, pantothenate, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, and potassium intakes. Prevalence of nutrient inadequacy, assessed for nutrients with Estimated Average Requirements, decreased among women in the milk group for magnesium (40% at baseline vs 13% at 12 weeks, P < .001) and vitamin B-12 (6% vs 0%, P < .05) and tended to decrease (P < .10) for protein and thiamin (women) and magnesium and vitamin B-6 (men). The milk group gained 0.6 kg more than control group (P < .01); however, weight gain was less than predicted, which suggests some compensation for the added energy from milk. Blood pressure decreased similarly over time in both groups. Total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and the ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, were unchanged. Triglyceride levels increased within the normal range in the milk group (P = .002). Quality of life scores were high at baseline and remained high throughout., APPLICATIONS/CONCLUSIONS: Older adults can successfully increase milk intake, thereby meaningfully improving their nutrient intakes. Dietitians can play a key role in disseminating this advice.
Incremental reduction of serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol with the addition of plant stanol ester-containing spread to statin therapy.; This study compares the effect of plant stanol ester spread with a placebo spread on cholesterol in patients taking statin therapy, but who still had elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial, with 67 women and 100 men with LDL cholesterol >/=130 mg/dl and triglycerides </=350 mg/dl who had been taking a stable dose of a statin drug for at least 90 days before the start of the study. For 8 weeks, participants consumed 3 servings/day of the plant stanol ester spread that provided 5.1 g/day of plant stanol ester or a placebo. The addition of plant stanol ester spread significantly reduced total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol at 2, 4, and 8 weeks when compared with placebo spread. Plant stanol ester spread reduced total cholesterol at 8 weeks by 12% compared with a placebo reduction of 5% (-7% difference; p <0.0001). Plant stanol ester spread reduced LDL cholesterol at 8 weeks by 17% compared with a 7% reduction in the placebo group (-10% difference, p <0.0001). The absolute reduction in LDL cholesterol at 8 weeks was 24 and 10 mg/dl in the stanol ester and placebo groups, respectively. The plant stanol ester spread group also had greater reductions in both serum total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol than the placebo group at 2 and 4 weeks (p <0.001 for all comparisons). Both spreads were well tolerated by study participants, and no significant adverse events were noted. Consumption of spread that provided 5.1 g/day of plant stanol esters effectively reduced elevated total and LDL cholesterol levels in participants on a stable regimen of a statin.
Effect of a hypocaloric diet, increased protein intake and resistance training on lean mass gains and fat mass loss in overweight police officers.; We compare the effects of a moderate hypocaloric, high-protein diet and resistance training, using two different protein supplements, versus hypocaloric diet alone on body compositional changes in overweight police officers. A randomized, prospective 12-week study was performed comparing the changes in body composition produced by three different treatment modalities in three study groups. One group (n = 10) was placed on a nonlipogenic, hypocaloric diet alone (80% of predicted needs). A second group (n = 14) was placed on the hypocaloric diet plus resistance exercise plus a high-protein intake (1.5 g/kg/day) using a casein protein hydrolysate. In the third group (n = 14) treatment was identical to the second, except for the use of a whey protein hydrolysate. We found that weight loss was approximately 2.5 kg in all three groups. Mean percent body fat with diet alone decreased from a baseline of 27 +/- 1.8 to 25 +/- 1.3% at 12 weeks. With diet, exercise and casein the decrease was from 26 +/- 1.7 to 18 +/- 1.1% and with diet, exercise and whey protein the decrease was from 27 +/- 1.6 to 23 +/- 1.3%. The mean fat loss was 2. 5 +/- 0.6, 7.0 +/- 2.1 and 4.2 +/- 0.9 kg in the three groups, respectively. Lean mass gains in the three groups did not change for diet alone, versus gains of 4 +/- 1.4 and 2 +/- 0.7 kg in the casein and whey groups, respectively. Mean increase in strength for chest, shoulder and legs was 59 +/- 9% for casein and 29 +/- 9% for whey, a significant group difference. This significant difference in body composition and strength is likely due to improved nitrogen retention and overall anticatabolic effects caused by the peptide components of the casein hydrolysate. Copyright 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel
Growth in human milk-Fed very low birth weight infants receiving a new human milk fortifier.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Human milk fortification has been advocated to enhance premature infants' growth. We, therefore, undertook this study of a new human milk fortifier containing more protein than a reference one., METHODS: Open, randomized, controlled, multiclinic trial, with weekly growth parameters and safety evaluations in premature infants <1,500 g., RESULTS: The 2 groups did not differ in demographic and baseline characteristics. The adjusted daily milk intake was significantly higher in the infants fed reference human milk fortifier (n = 29; 154.2 +/- 2.1 vs. 144.4 +/- 2.5 ml/kg/day, mean +/- SE; p < 0.05). Both human milk fortifiers produced increases over baseline in weight, length, and head circumference, with greater gains observed in the new human milk fortifier-fed infants for the former two parameters (weight gain 26.8 +/- 1.3 and 20.4 +/- 1.2 g/day, p < 0.05; head circumference 1.0 +/- 0.1 and 0.8 +/- 0.1 cm/week; length 0.9 +/- 0.1 and 0.8 +/- 0.1 cm/week, respectively). Serum chemistries were normal and acceptable for age. Study events were typical for premature infants and similar in both groups., CONCLUSIONS: This new human milk fortifier had comparable safety to the reference human milk fortifier and promoted faster weight gain and head circumference growth. Copyright 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel
Fatty acid composition of serum cholesterol esters as a reflector of low-saturated-fat, low-cholesterol diet in young children: the STRIP project. The Special Turku coronary Risk factor Intervention Project.; STRIP (the Special Turku coronary Risk factor Intervention Project) is an ongoing intervention trial which aims at a permanent reduction in the intake of saturated fat and cholesterol starting in childhood. A total of 75 intervention and 63 control children was studied consecutively at the ages of 7 and 13 mo, and 2, 3 and 5 y to evaluate the influence of such intervention on serum cholesterol ester (CE) fatty acid composition, a widely used biomarker of fatty acid intake. Analysis of 4-d food records showed that total intake of fat and of saturated fat increased with age in both groups of children but was constantly lower in intervention than in control children, e.g. at the age of 5 y the mean intakes of total fat and of saturated fatty acids were 31.1 E% and 33.9 E% and 12.1 E% and 14.6 E% in intervention and control children, respectively (p = 0.009 and 0.0001, respectively). Serum CE fatty acid compositions did not differ between the 2 groups at any age; the mean proportion of CE linoleic acid was 52.4% and 52.0% in 5-y-old intervention and control children, respectively. Correlation analysis showed, however, that the percentage of linoleic acid and of polyunsaturated fatty acids in CE reflected well the respective dietary intakes (r = 0.36; p = 0.0001 for both coefficients). In conclusion, CE fatty acid composition did not differ between the intervention and control groups, whereas CE linoleic and total polyunsaturated fatty acids reflected well the differences in their intakes at the individual level.
Fluid snacks to help persons with type 1 diabetes avoid late onset postexercise hypoglycemia.; PURPOSE: The present study assessed whether whole milk, skim milk, or two commercially available sports drinks are effective in preventing late onset postexercise hypoglycemia (LOPEH) in persons with type 1 diabetes mellitus., METHODS: Subjects ingested water, whole milk, skim milk, sport drink A (carbohydrate and electrolytes), or sport drink B (carbohydrate, fat, and protein) before, during, and after 1 h of bicycle exercise at 60% VO2max in the late afternoon. Drinks were isocaloric (470 +/- 150 kcal) and the number of calories consumed was based on individual energy expenditure. No adjustment in insulinization was allowed in anticipation of exercise., RESULTS: During water trials all subjects became hypoglycemic. Most drinks lead to a moderate hyperglycemia (range of mean values = 200-280 mg x dL(-1)) during the period between the end of exercise and dinner, but this was not the case for whole milk (range 80-120 mg x dL(-1)). Glycemia peaked about 1.5 h after dinner and declined over the next 90 min. Persistent hyperglycemia (range of means = 200-310 mg x dL(-1)) from after exercise to about 4 h postexercise was observed with sports drink B. A decline in glycemia in the evening was greatest during the skim milk trial and required subjects to ingest more carbohydrate as a late evening snack. The least decline during this period occurred during the whole milk trial. Subjects experienced pre-bed and early morning (0300 h) hypoglycemia in 7 of the 28 trials., CONCLUSIONS: These data show that whole milk and sports drinks that are designed for both quick (sport drink A) and long lasting (sport drink B) nutrient replenishment can be used by persons with type 1 diabetes in an effort to avoid LOPEH.
Hydrogenated fat consumption affects cholesterol synthesis in moderately hypercholesterolemic women.; To determine mechanisms by which hydrogenated fat influences plasma lipid levels, 14 women (65;-71 yrs with LDL-C >/= 130 mg. dl(-)(1)) consumed, for 5-week periods each, a baseline (BL) diet (39% kcal fat, 164 mg chol. 1000 kcal(-)(1)) and reduced fat diets (30% kcal) where two-thirds of the fat was either soybean oil (SO), low trans squeeze (SQM), medium trans tub (TM), or high trans stick (SM) margarines, or butter (BT). Plasma lipid levels were analyzed at the end of each phase. Fractional synthesis rates (FSR) in pools/day (p. d(-)(1)) and absolute synthesis rates (ASR) in grams/day (g. d(-)(1)) of free cholesterol (FC) were measured using the deuterium incorporation methodology. Plasma total (P < 0.01) and low density lipoprotein (P < 0.05) cholesterol levels increased with increasing degree of hydrogenation or saturated fat intake. High density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (P < 0.05) were lowest on the SM diet when compared to the BT diet. Low trans SQM (0.081 +/- 0.019 p. d(-)(1)) and medium trans TM (0.086 +/- 0.029 p. d(-)(1)) diets elicited responses similar to the SO (0.078 +/- 0.024 p. d(-)(1)) diet, whereas high trans SM (0.053 +/- 0.029 p. d(-)(1)) diet mimicked the BT (0.062 +/- 0.017 p. d(-)(1)) and high fat BL (0.053 +/- 0.023 p. d(-)(1)) diet in its suppression (P < 0.05) of FSR-FC. ASR-FC, which is an approximation of the daily production of newly synthesized cholesterol, showed a trend similar to the FSR-FC data. These results indicate that reduced synthesis is not responsible for the higher plasma TC levels seen with consumption of the SM, BT, and BL diets, and suggest that another mechanism, possibly impairment of the catabolic pathway of cholesterol, is involved.
Modulation of plasma lipid levels and cholesterol kinetics by phytosterol versus phytostanol esters.; It has been suggested that phytosterol and phytostanol esters possess similar cholesterol-lowering properties, however, whether mechanisms responsible are identical has not been addressed. To address this question, cholesterol plasma levels, absorption, biosynthesis, and turnover were measured in 15 hypercholesterolemic subjects consuming prepared diets each over 21 d using a cross-over design. Diets contained either i) margarine (M), ii) margarine with phytosterol esters (MSE) (1.84 g/d), or iii) margarine with phytostanol esters (MSA) (1.84 g/d). Cholesterol absorption was measured using the ratio of [(13)C]cholesterol(oral):D(7)-cholesterol(IV); biosynthesis using D incorporation from D(2)O and turnover by D(7)-cholesterol(IV) decay rates. Plasma total cholesterol level at d 21/22 was lower (P < 0. 05) for MSE (13.4%) but not MSA (10.2%) versus M (6.0%) diets. Plasma low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) mean reductions at d 21/22 were larger (P < 0.05) for MSE (12.9%) and MSA (7.9%) compared with M (3.9%). Plasma TG and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels did not differ across diets. Cholesterol absorption was reduced (P < 0.05) 36.2 and 25.9% at d 21 for MSE and MSA versus M, while cholesterol biosynthesis was reciprocally increased (P < 0.05) 53.3 and 37.8% for MSE and MSA versus M, respectively. Cholesterol turnover was not influenced by diet. These data indicate that plant sterol and stanol esters differentially lower circulating total and LDL cholesterol levels by suppression of cholesterol absorption in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
A pilot study to evaluate the treatment of basal cell carcinoma with 5-fluorouracil using phosphatidyl choline as a transepidermal carrier.; BACKGROUND: In certain situations, successful topical therapy of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) without the inconvenience, risk, and expense of surgery would be of great value to patients. Placing 5-fluorouracil (FU) in an appropriate carrier may solve these problems. Phosphatidyl choline (PC) penetrates effectively throughout the epidermis of shaved rabbits and may be able to carry small water-soluble molecules such as nucleotides across lipid barriers when applied topically., OBJECTIVE: We propose that employing PC as a vehicle will facilitate the penetration of 5-FU and increase efficacy as compared to petrolatum-based 5-FU cream., METHODS: This pilot study is a double-blinded and randomized therapeutic trial. Thirteen patients with 17 biopsy-proven, moderate thickness BCCs were randomized to receive either cream A (5% 5-FU in a PC vehicle) or cream B (Efudex(R): 5% 5-FU in a petrolatum base). Patients applied cream A or cream B twice a day for 4 weeks. The patients underwent an excisional biopsy of the treated BCC site at week 16., RESULTS: There was a 90% cure rate (9/10) in those lesions treated with 5% 5-FU in PC cream and a 57% cure rate (4/7) in those treated with 5% 5-FU in a petrolatum-based cream., CONCLUSION: Although the study was unable to detect any statistically significant differences in outcome between the study groups, this small pilot study shows preliminary findings which may indicate an increase in the short-term eradication of BCC using a PC-based vehicle as compared to conventional petrolatum-based formulations.
Plant stanol ester margarine lowers serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations of healthy children: the STRIP project. Special Turku Coronary Risk Factors Intervention Project.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate cholesterol-lowering efficacy and safety of plant stanol ester margarine in healthy 6-year-old children already consuming a low-saturated-fat, low-cholesterol diet., STUDY DESIGN: Eighty-one intervention children from the STRIP project, a randomized prospective trial aimed at reducing exposure of young children to the known environmental atherosclerosis risk factors, were recruited to this double-blind crossover study at 6 years of age. In randomized order the families were advised to replace daily 20 g of the child's dietary fat intake with plant stanol ester margarine or control margarine for 3 months. The washout period lasted 6 weeks. Statistical analysis was performed according to intention-to-treat principle with analysis of variance for crossover design., RESULTS: The mean daily plant stanol ester margarine consumption was 18.2 g (1.5 g plant stanol). The well-tolerated plant stanol ester margarine reduced serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations by 5.4% and 7.5%, respectively (P =.0001 for both). The serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations and alpha-tocopherol to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio remained unchanged. The serum beta-carotene to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio decreased by 19% (P =.003)., CONCLUSION: Plant stanol ester margarine significantly diminishes serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration without adverse clinical effects in healthy children who already consume a low-saturated-fat, low-cholesterol diet but decreases the serum beta-carotene to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio.
Effect of 8 week intake of probiotic milk products on risk factors for cardiovascular diseases.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of a probiotic milk product containing the culture CAUSIDO(R) and of two alternative products on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in overweight and obese subjects., DESIGN: An 8 week randomized, double-blind, placebo- and compliance-controlled, parallel study., SUBJECTS: Seventy healthy, weight-stable, overweight and obese (25.0<BMI<37.5 kg/m2) males (n=20) and females (n=50), 18-55 y old, were randomly assigned into five groups., INTERVENTION: Four groups consumed 450 ml fermented milk products (yoghurt) daily. Group 1: a yoghurt fermented with two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus and two strains of Lactobacillus acidophilus (StLa). Group 2: a placebo yoghurt fermented with delta-acid-lactone (PY). Group 3: a yoghurt fermented with two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus and one strain of Lactobacillus rhamnosus (StLr). Group 4: a yoghurt fermented with one strain of Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus (CAUSIDO(R) culture), GAIO(R) (G). The dietary composition of the yoghurt was otherwise similar. The fifth group was given two placebo pills (PP) daily., RESULTS: When comparing all five treatment groups, unadjusted for changes in body weight, no statistical effects were observed in week 8 in the G-group on low density lipoproteins (LDL)-cholesterol (P=0.29). After adjustment for small changes in body weight, LDL-cholesterol decreased by 8.4% (0.26+/-0.10 mmol/l; P<0.05) and fibrinogen increased (0.74+/-0.32 mmol/l; P<0.05) after 8 weeks in the G-group. This was significantly different from the group consuming chemically fermented yoghurt and the group consuming placebo pills (P<0.05). After 8 weeks, systolic blood pressure was significantly more reduced in the StLa and G-group compared to StLr. No other differences were found., CONCLUSION: The CAUSIDO(R) culture reduced LDL-cholesterol and increased fibrinogen in the overweight subjects at a 450 ml consumption daily for 8 weeks. The effect on LDL-cholesterol confirms previous studies. An immunostimulation by one of the strains in the product might explain the effect on fibrinogen in the G-group., SPONSORSHIP: MD Foods A/S, Denmark.
Plant stanol esters affect serum cholesterol concentrations of hypercholesterolemic men and women in a dose-dependent manner.; The effect of plant stanol ester on serum cholesterol is dose-dependent. However, it is not clear what the dose is beyond which no additional benefit can be obtained. Therefore, we determined the dose-response relationship for serum cholesterol with different doses of plant stanol ester in hypercholesterolemic subjects. In a single-blind design each of 22 men or women consumed five different doses of plant stanol [target (actual) intake 0 (0), 0.8 (0.8), 1.6 (1.6), 2.4 (2.3), 3.2 (3.0) g/d] added as plant stanol esters to margarine for 4 wk. The order of dose periods was randomly determined. Serum total cholesterol concentration decreased (calculated in reference to control) by 2.8% (P = 0.384), 6.8% (P < 0.001), 10.3% (P < 0.001) and 11.3% (P < 0.001) by doses from 0.8 to 3.2 g. The respective decreases for LDL cholesterol were 1.7% (P = 0. 892), 5.6% (P < 0.05), 9.7% (P < 0.001) and 10.4% (P < 0.001). Although the decreases were numerically greater with 2.4 and 3.2 g doses than with the 1.6 g dose, these differences were not significant (P = 0.054-0.516). Serum plant stanols rose slightly, but significantly with the dose (P < 0.001). Apolipoprotein B concentration was decreased significantly already at the dose of 0.8 g (8.7%, P < 0.001). Apolipoprotein E genotype did not affect the lipid responses. We conclude that significant reduction of serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations is reached with the 1.6-g stanol dose, and increasing the dose from 2.4 to 3.2 g does not provide clinically important additional effect.
Immunologic effects of yogurt.; Many investigators have studied the therapeutic and preventive effects of yogurt and lactic acid bacteria, which are commonly used in yogurt production, on diseases such as cancer, infection, gastrointestinal disorders, and asthma. Because the immune system is an important contributor to all of these diseases, an immunostimulatory effect of yogurt has been proposed and investigated by using mainly animal models and, occasionally, human subjects. Although the results of these studies, in general, support the notion that yogurt has immunostimulatory effects, problems with study design, lack of appropriate controls, inappropriate route of administration, sole use of in vitro indicators of the immune response, and short duration of most of the studies limit the interpretation of the results and the conclusions drawn from them. Nevertheless, these studies in toto provide a strong rationale for the hypothesis that increased yogurt consumption, particularly in immunocompromised populations such as the elderly, may enhance the immune response, which would in turn increase resistance to immune-related diseases. This hypothesis, however, needs to be substantiated by well-designed randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled human studies of an adequate duration in which several in vivo and in vitro indexes of peripheral and gut-associated immune response are tested.
Plasma urea appearance rate is lower when children with kwashiorkor and infection are fed egg white-tryptophan rather than milk protein.; In kwashiorkor, there is less endogenous proteolysis in response to acute infection than in a well-nourished state. Thus the amino acid composition of dietary protein may be more important in facilitating the acute phase response in kwashiorkor. This study tested the hypothesis that during the treatment of kwashiorkor with infection, there is a lower rate of urea appearance when the dietary intake of amino acids more closely resembles the amino acid composition of acute phase proteins. Thirty children in Malawi with kwashiorkor and acute infection were fed isoenergetic, isonitrogenous meals containing either egg white-tryptophan or milk as a protein source. After 24 h, the rates of urea appearance and whole-body protein breakdown and synthesis were measured with the use of 1-13C-leucine and 15N2-urea tracers. Plasma concentrations of seven acute phase proteins, interleukin 6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha were measured on admission, and at 24 and 48 h. The 16 children who received egg white-tryptophan had lower rates of urea appearance than those who received milk [57+/-30 vs. 87+/-36 micromol/(kg x h), mean +/- SD, P<0.02]. No significant differences were found in the rates of whole-body protein turnover or in the concentration of any of the acute phase proteins or cytokines. The concentration of interleukin 6 was consistent with an appropriate proinflammatory response and correlated directly with the concentrations of C-reactive protein (r = 0.67, P<0.01) and alpha1-antitrypsin (r = 0.40, P<0.05). The findings suggest that egg white-tryptophan is associated with less amino acid oxidation in kwashiorkor and acute infection than is milk.
Effect of administration of fermented milk containing whey protein concentrate to rats and healthy men on serum lipids and blood pressure.; The effect of fermented milk supplemented with whey protein concentrate on the serum lipid level of rats was investigated. The serum total cholesterol level for the group fed fermented milk with both Lactobacillus casei TMC0409 and Streptococcus thermophilus TMC 1543 was significantly lower than that of the control group (P<0.05) in rats. Furthermore, the effect of the longterm intake of this fermented milk on the serum lipid level of twenty healthy adult men was investigated. During the 8-wk study, the volunteers consumed 200 ml of fermented milk or placebo in the morning and evening. Blood samples were drawn for analysis three times, just before taking the experimental diet, and after 4 wk and 8 wk of consumption. After 8 wk, the high density lipoprotein cholesterol level for the fermented milk group showed a significant rise after 4 wk (P<0.05), whereas that of the placebo group showed no change even after 4 wk (P>0.05). The triglyceride level for the fermented milk group lowered significantly after 4 wk (<0.05), whereas that of the placebo group showed no change even after 4 wk (P>0.05). The atherogenic index [(total cholesterol - high density lipoprotein cholesterol)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol] for the fermented milk group decreased significantly from 4.24 to 3.52 (P<0.05). The systolic blood pressure lowered significantly by the intake of fermented milk (P<0.05) On the other hand, such effect was not observed in the placebo group (P>0.05). These results indicate potential of the development of fermented milk with multiple therapeutic effects.
Effect of breastfeeding and formula feeding on transmission of HIV-1: a randomized clinical trial.; CONTEXT: Transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) is known to occur through breastfeeding, but the magnitude of risk has not been precisely defined. Whether breast milk HIV-1 transmission risk exceeds the potential risk of formula-associated diarrheal mortality in developing countries is unknown., OBJECTIVES: To determine the frequency of breast milk transmission of HIV-1 and to compare mortality rates and HIV-1-free survival in breastfed and formula-fed infants., DESIGN AND SETTING: Randomized clinical trial conducted from November 1992 to July 1998 in antenatal clinics in Nairobi, Kenya, with a median follow-up period of 24 months., PARTICIPANTS: Of 425 HIV-1-seropositive, antiretroviral-naive pregnant women enrolled, 401 mother-infant pairs were included in the analysis of trial end points., INTERVENTIONS: Mother-infant pairs were randomized to breastfeeding (n = 212) vs formula feeding arms (n = 213)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Infant HIV-1 infection and death during the first 2 years of life, compared between the 2 intervention groups., RESULTS: Compliance with the assigned feeding modality was 96% in the breastfeeding arm and 70% in the formula arm (P<.001). Median duration of breastfeeding was 17 months. Of the 401 infants included in the analysis, 94% were followed up to HIV-1 infection or mortality end points: 83% for the HIV-1 infection end point and 93% to the mortality end point. The cumulative probability of HIV-1 infection at 24 months was 36.7% (95% confidence interval [CI], 29.4%-44.0%) in the breastfeeding arm and 20.5% (95% CI, 14.0%-27.0%) in the formula arm (P = .001). The estimated rate of breast milk transmission was 16.2% (95% CI, 6.5%-25.9%). Forty-four percent of HIV-1 infection in the breastfeeding arm was attributable to breast milk. Most breast milk transmission occurred early, with 75% of the risk difference between the 2 arms occurring by 6 months, although transmission continued throughout the duration of exposure. The 2-year mortality rates in both arms were similar (breastfeeding arm, 24.4% [95% CI, 18.2%-30.7%] vs formula feeding arm, 20.0% [95% CI, 14.4%-25.6%]; P = .30). The rate of HIV-1-free survival at 2 years was significantly lower in the breastfeeding arm than in the formula feeding arm (58.0% vs 70.0%, respectively; P = .02)., CONCLUSIONS: The frequency of breast milk transmission of HIV-1 was 16.2% in this randomized clinical trial, and the majority of infections occurred early during breastfeeding. The use of breast milk substitutes prevented 44% of infant infections and was associated with significantly improved HIV-1-free survival.
Cheek cell phospholipids in human infants: a marker of docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acids in the diet, plasma, and red blood cells.; BACKGROUND: Assessment of essential fatty acid status requires collection of blood or adipose tissue samples. However, these invasive techniques cannot always be used in studies involving infants, young children, or subjects from whom it is difficult to obtain blood. A body tissue that is easy to access is the buccal mucosa (cheek cells)., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the degree to which fatty acids of cheek cells reflect the fatty acid content of plasma, red blood cells, and the diet., DESIGN: Thirty-one infants aged 12 mo were enrolled. Five infants were fed human milk and 26 infants received formulas that provided a wide range of arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intakes. Cheek cells were collected on a small piece of gauze by gently swabbing the inside of the cheek 3 times. Lipids were extracted from the gauze and the phospholipid fatty acid content of the cheek cells was determined., RESULTS: Cheek cell DHA and arachidonic acid in phospholipids were significantly correlated with DHA and arachidonic acid in plasma [r = 0.61 (P < 0.001) and r = 0.37 (P <0.05), respectively], red blood cells [r = 0.58 (P < 0.001) and r = 0.37 (P < 0.05), respectively], and the diet [r = 0.65 (P < 0.001) and r = 0. 51 (P < 0.01), respectively]., CONCLUSIONS: Given these correlations and the ease and noninvasive nature of this technique, cheek cell fatty acids may serve as a marker of the essential fatty acid content, especially of DHA and arachidonic acid, in plasma, red blood cells, and the diet.
Consumption of oat milk for 5 weeks lowers serum cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in free-living men with moderate hypercholesterolemia.; The aim of this study was to investigate whether consumption of a newly developed oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber would result in lower serum cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels in men with moderate hypercholesterolemia. The study had a randomized, controlled double-blind design, and oat milk was compared with an identically flavored control drink. Sixty-six men were recruited from a screening program and were randomly assigned to two groups. Each group took either oat milk or a control drink (rice milk) for 5 weeks (0.75 liters/day) and then switched to the other drink regimen for another 5-week period with a 5-week washout period between the test periods. The oat milk contained more dietary fiber, especially beta-glucan (0.5 g/100 g), than the control drink (<0.02 g/100 g). Both drinks were well appreciated and got similar sensory evaluation, indicating that the double-blind design had been attained. In the final analysis 52 subjects remained. Compared with the control drink, intake of oat milk resulted in significantly lower serum total cholesterol (6%, p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (6%, p = 0.036) levels. The decrease in LDL cholesterol was more pronounced if the starting value was higher (r = -0.55, p < 0.001). The concentration of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was not significantly different after consumption of the two drinks. Serum triglycerides did not change significantly after intake of oat milk, but a significant increase was observed after intake of the control drink (p = 0.003). It is concluded that also oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber has cholesterol-reducing properties.
Double-blind study of the addition of high-protein soya milk v. cows' milk to the diet of patients with severe hypercholesterolaemia and resistance to or intolerance of statins.; Total substitution of soyabean protein for animal protein in the diet has been repeatedly shown to lower plasma cholesterol levels in hypercholesterolaemic individuals. A new, highly palatable, high-protein soya drink may allow replacement of a significant percentage of animal protein in the diet. The soya drink was given, within a crossover design v. a cows' milk preparation of similar composition and taste, to twenty-one severely hypercholesterolaemic patients (mean baseline plasma cholesterol 8.74 mmol/l) with a history of resistance to or intolerance of statin treatment. Each dietary supplement was given for 4 weeks, with a 4-week interval between treatments, Plasma lipid levels were monitored every 2 weeks during each dietary sequence. The concomitant dietary treatment, which had been followed for a long time by all patients, was carefully monitored throughout the study. The soya supplementation reduced plasma total cholesterol level by 6.5%, when given first, and by 7.4% when given after cows' milk. When given first, cows' milk resulted in a small, non-significant reduction of plasma cholesterol level (-3.9%), and when given after soya, it changed total plasma cholesterol to a minimal extent (-1.6%). Changes in total and LDL-cholesterol levels after 2 and 4 weeks of soya v. cows' milk treatment were, thus, respectively -6.1, -7.0 and -6.2, -7.8% (both P < 0.05). These first data from a double-blind study confirm a significant cholesterol-lowering effect of soyabean protein, even when only partly replacing animal protein in the diet, in individuals with extreme plasma cholesterol elevations.
The effect of palm oil, lard, and puff-pastry margarine on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in normal-weight and obese young women.; Only a few studies have been published on the postprandial effects of different fatty acids in obese subjects. Therefore, the present study investigated the effects of three test meals containing palm oil (PO), lard (LD), or puff-pastry margarine (PPM), all normal dietary ingredients, on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in normal-weight and obese young women. The study was performed as a randomized, crossover design. The fats differed in the content of palmitic acid, stearic acid, and trans monounsaturated fatty acids allowing a dietary comparison of different 'solid' fatty acids. The obese women had significantly higher fasting concentrations and postprandial responses of plasma total triacylglycerol (TAG), chylomicron-TAG, and insulin compared with the normal-weight women but there was no significant difference in the postprandial responses between the three test meals. The obese women had fasting concentrations of leptin four times greater than the normal-weight women. There were no postprandial changes in the concentrations of leptin. The fasting concentrations of HDL-cholesterol were significantly lower in the obese women than in the normal-weight women, whereas there was no significant difference between the two groups in the concentrations of total cholesterol or LDL-cholesterol. These results provide evidence that obese women have exaggerated lipid and hormone responses compared with normal-weight women but the different contents of saturated and trans monounsaturated fatty acids provided by PO, LD, and PPM have no effect in either group.
Cellulite treatment: a myth or reality: a prospective randomized, controlled trial of two therapies, endermologie and aminophylline cream.; Cellulite is a common phenomenon that particularly affects the thighs and buttocks of women. Little scientific evidence exists to support any of the many advertised treatments for it. A total of 52 of 69 women, who were divided into three groups, completed a 12-week, randomized, controlled trial in which the effectiveness of two different treatments for cellulite was assessed. The patients acted as their own controls. The treatments investigated were twice-daily application of aminophylline cream and twice-weekly treatment with Endermologie ES1. Group 1 (double blind) received aminophylline to one thigh/buttock and a placebo cream to the other. Group 2 (singly blind) received Endermologie to one thigh/buttock. Group 3 received Endermologie to both sides and used the same cream regimen as group 1. Results were assessed subjectively by the patient and by clinical examination and photographic assessment by the surgeon (before and after the trial). Morphologic assessment included body mass index, thigh girth at two points, and thigh fat depth measurement by ultrasound. No statistical difference existed in measurements between legs for any of the treatment groups (paired t test, p > 0.4). The best subjective assessment, by the patients themselves, revealed that only 3 of 35 aminophylline-treated legs and 10 of 35 Endermologie-treated legs had their cellulite appearance improved. The authors do not believe that either of these two treatments is effective in improving the appearance of cellulite.
Breast-feeding in Bangkok, Thailand: current status, maternal knowledge, attitude and social support.; BACKGROUND: The promotion of breast-feeding is one of the essential interventions for reduction of infant mortality and improving infant development worldwide. The aim of the present study was to examine the current status of infant feeding and the influences of suspected family sociodemographic characteristics and social support as well as maternal knowledge, attitudes and behaviours in infant feeding since the Baby-Friendly Hospital Initiative was launched in Thailand., METHODS: A total of 221 mother-infant pairs were randomly drawn from six health care centers in Bangkok from 20 April to 1 May 1998. Health care staff, using a structured questionnaire, interviewed the mothers in the health care centers., RESULTS: Most sampled mothers believed that breast milk was the best food for their infants and knew that breast milk had many advantages for infants, mothers and families. Ninety-five percent of mothers breast-fed their infants up to 3 months postpartum, but the prevalence of exclusive breast-feeding was relatively low (62.4%). Multiple logistic regression analyses revealed that the following factors independently increased the risk of mixed or formula feeding during the first 3 months of life: (i) mothers with a full-time job; (ii) grandmothers and other people as the main child caretakers; (iii) mothers who did not have an antenatal plan of exclusive breast-feeding; and (iv) newborns' non-exclusive breast-feeding in hospitals after birth. However, the mother being a housewife, mother as the main child caretaker, an antenatal plan of exclusive breast-feeding and exclusive breast-feeding in hospital were more likely to improve exclusive breast-feeding., CONCLUSION: The prevalence of exclusive breast-feeding was relatively low. Antenatal plans for exclusive breast-feeding and newborn feeding type in hospital after birth may play key roles in the duration of exclusive breast-feeding. These findings suggest the importance of strengthening implementation of the Baby-Friendly Hospital policy and prenatal health education regarding breast-feeding.
Effects of low-fat stanol ester enriched margarines on concentrations of serum carotenoids in subjects with elevated serum cholesterol concentrations.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of low-fat stanol ester margarines on concentrations of serum carotenoids., DESIGN: A randomized parallel double-blind study design consisting of a 4-week run-in (high-fat diet) and an 8-week experimental (low-fat, low-cholesterol diet) period. During the experimental diet period subjects consumed low-fat wood stanol ester (WSEM), vegetable oil stanol ester (VOSEM) or control (no stanol esters) margarine daily. The daily mean total stanol intake was 2.31 and 2.16 g in the WSEM and VOSEM groups, respectively., SETTING: Outpatient clinical trial with free-living subjects., SUBJECTS: Altogether, 60 hypercholesterolaemic subjects were selected for the study out of 91 originally screened. The study was completed by 55 subjects., MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Serum alpha- and beta-carotene and lycopene determined by the HPLC., RESULTS: Serum alpha-carotene concentration did not change significantly in either of the experimental groups, whereas beta-carotene concentration decreased significantly in the WSEM and VOSEM groups (P<0.01), and the change differed significantly (P<0.05 and P <0.01, respectively) from that of the control group. Decrease in alpha+beta-carotene concentration was significantly greater (P <0.05) in both experimental groups than in the control group. However, the change in alpha-, beta- or alpha+beta-carotene/total cholesterol ratio did not differ significantly among the groups. No significant changes were found in serum lycopene or lycopene/total cholesterol ratio in both experimental groups., CONCLUSIONS: Low-fat stanol ester margarines appeared to have little effect on serum concentrations of alpha-, beta- or alpha + beta-carotene, or lycopene., SPONSORSHIP: Grant to the University of Kuopio by Raisio Benecol Ltd, Raisio, Finland.
Infant feeding, early weight gain, and risk of type 1 diabetes. Childhood Diabetes in Finland (DiMe) Study Group.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether the increased risk of type 1 diabetes conferred by an early introduction of cow's milk supplements can be mediated by accelerated growth in formula-fed infants., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All children < or = 14 years of age who were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes from September 1986 to April 1989 were invited to participate in the study. Birth date- and sex-matched control children were randomly selected from the Finnish Population Registry. At least three weight measurements from the first year of life were obtained for 435 full-term diabetic subjects and 386 control subjects from well-baby clinics and school health care units., RESULTS: Increase in body weight was greater in the diabetic girls than in the control girls, and the difference increased from 111 g (95% CI 0-218, P = 0.04) at 1 month of age to 286 g (95% CI 123-450, P = 0.0006) at 7 months. For boys, the difference in weight between the diabetic subjects and the control subjects remained stable during infancy (difference 95 g, 95% CI-2-205, P = 0.09). Increased weight was associated on average with a 1.5-fold risk of type 1 diabetes. Early introduction of formula feeding (< 3 vs. > or = 3 months) was also associated with an increased risk of type 1 diabetes after adjustment for the individual weight gain curve (adjusted odds ratio 1.53, 95% CI 1.1-2.2). No evidence for interaction was observed., CONCLUSIONS: These observations indicate that an early exposure to cow's milk formula-feeding and rapid growth in infancy are independent risk factors of childhood type 1 diabetes.
Lipidemic effects of an interesterified mixture of butter, medium-chain triacylglycerol and safflower oils.; The objective of this study was to determine if the positional structure of dietary triacylglycerol affected lipidemic responses. Thirty healthy adults (16 men and 14 postmenopausal women) with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations >3.37 mM (130 mg/dL) enrolled in a prospective, single-blind, cross-over outpatient clinical trial that consisted of two 5-wk dietary phases. After baseline screening, subjects were instructed to follow individualized meal plans (weight maintenance diets with 36% of total energy from fat, half of which was from a test oil) and randomized to receive either butter (B) or an interesterified mixture (IM) of butter, medium-chain triacylglycerol (MCT), and safflower oils. Blood drawn during weeks 5 and 10 of feeding was analyzed for total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C),LDL-C, and triacylglycerols (TAG). Mean plasma levels of TC (B, 6.98+/-1.06 mM; IM, 7.09+/-1.20 mM), HDL-C (B,1.30+/-0.35 mM; IM, 1.29+/-0.34 mM), and LDL-C (B, 4.91+/-0.95 mM; IM, 4.92+/-1.10 mM) were not significantly different between the two dietary treatments. Mean TAG levels were higher for the interesterified B-MCT mixture (B, 1.75+/-0.72 mM; IM, 1.96+/-0.86 mM, P < 0.05). We conclude that an IM of B, MCT, and safflower oils as compared to native B has no appreciable effect on plasma cholesterol concentrations but is associated with a modest rise in plasma TAG.
Restraint, weight suppression, and self-report reliability: how much do you really weigh?.; This study examined the effects of weight suppression on eating behaviors in a standard restraint ice cream taste-test paradigm. Participants were 58 female restrained eaters categorized by self-report as either high- or low-weight suppressors. Prior to the taste test, half of the participants received a milkshake preload. The amount of ice cream consumed during the taste test was the primary measure of interest. A 2 x 2 analysis of variance (ANOVA) indicated no significant differences between groups. This contradicts previously reported results in which restrained eaters consumed more following a preload than in the no-preload condition and provides further evidence that restraint is not a homogeneous construct. These results also question the use of self-report measures to determine an individual's level of weight suppression.
Therapeutic response of basal cell carcinoma to the immune response modifier imiquimod 5% cream.; BACKGROUND: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) responds to interferon therapy. Imiquimod is a cytokine and interferon inducer., OBJECTIVE: This randomized, double-blind pilot trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream versus vehicle in the treatment of BCC., METHODS: In this population of 35 patients with BCC, 24 received imiquimod 5% cream and 11 received vehicle cream in 1 of 5 dosing regimens for up to 16 weeks. Six weeks after treatment, an excisional biopsy of the target site was performed., RESULTS: BCC cleared (on the basis of histologic examination) in all 15 patients (100%) dosed twice daily, once daily, and 3 times weekly; in 3 of 5 (60%) patients dosed twice weekly; 2 of 4 (50%) dosed once weekly; and in 1 of 11 (9%) treated with vehicle. Adverse events were predominantly local reactions at the target tumor site, with the incidence and severity of local skin reactions declining in groups dosed less frequently., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream shows clinical efficacy in the treatment of BCC.
Randomised trial of different rates of feeding in acute diarrhoea.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effect of different feeding frequencies on the speed of recovery from diarrhoea., METHODS: A randomised, non-blinded trial provided 0.452 MJ/kg/day as either 6 or 12 feeds of cows' milk each day to 262 hospitalised male infants aged 3-12 months with acute diarrhoea. Stool frequency, stool weight, body weight, and diarrhoea complications were monitored until recovery or for 14 days., RESULTS: A proportional hazards regression model controlling for age, diarrhoea aetiology, and severity of dehydration on admission revealed that the frequently fed group had a significantly shorter duration of diarrhoea (hazards ratio, 1.29; 95% confidence interval, 1.002 to 1.653). Frequently fed infants had a significantly greater weight gain and significantly lower faecal frequency and faecal weight., CONCLUSIONS: Breast feeding remains the preferred method of feeding infants with acute diarrhoea, but feeding cows' milk to adequately nourished infants with acute diarrhoea is safe and is more rapidly effective if provided in frequent feeds with low energy loads.
Can the elimination of lactose from formula improve feeding tolerance in premature infants?.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a low-lactose formula (LLF, <5% lactose) would ameliorate feeding intolerance in premature infants., STUDY DESIGN: Prospective, randomized, controlled trial involving 306 infants <36 weeks' gestation and weighing <1800 g who received either lactose-containing formula (LCF) 24 kcal/oz or a specially prepared LLF, which was comparable to the LCF except for the functional replacement of lactose with maltose. We examined outcome variables of feeding intolerance and cases of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and suspected NEC., RESULTS: One hundred forty-nine infants were assigned to receive LCF, of which 99 infants received LCF only. One hundred fifty infants were assigned to receive LLF, of which 102 infants received LLF only. The remaining infants received LCF or LLF plus some quantity of human milk or human milk alone. Infants receiving LLF had improved enteral caloric intake and weight gain, reached full feeds faster, had less gastric residual, spent less time without oral intake, and had fewer feedings stopped than the LCF group. The number of cases of NEC and suspected NEC was similar in both groups., CONCLUSION: Low-lactose premature infant formula improved feeding tolerance. There was no evidence that LLF altered the incidence of NEC, but the incidence of NEC in this study was too low to draw conclusions.
Gender differences in food and nutrient intakes and status indices from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 years and over.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the patterns and possible explanations for gender differences in food choices, nutrient intakes and status indices, especially for micronutrients, in a representative sample of older people living in Britain, who participated in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over during 1994-95., DESIGN: The Survey procedures included a health-and-lifestyle interview, a four-day weighed diet record, anthropometric measurements and a fasting blood sample for biochemical indices., SETTING: Eighty randomly-selected postcode sectors from mainland Britain., SUBJECTS: Of 1556 older people not living in institutions who were interviewed, 80% agreed to provide a complete four-day diet record and 63% agreed to give a blood sample for status index measurements., INTERVENTIONS: None., MAIN RESULT: The most highly significant gender differences in food choices were that women ate more butter, full-fat milk and certain beverages, cakes, apples, pears and bananas, whereas men ate more eggs, sugar, certain meat products and drank more alcoholic drinks, especially beer and lager. When adjusted for energy intakes, the younger women (65-79 y) had higher intakes than the younger men, of fat, retinol, vitamin C and calcium. The older women (80+ y) had higher intakes than older men, of fat and vitamin E, but lower intakes of protein, zinc and beta-carotene. The younger women had better status indices than the younger men: for alpha- and beta-carotenes, beta-cryptoxanthin and vitamin C. Women had higher plasma concentrations of cholesterol and HDL cholesterol, phosphate and copper, but lower indices of iron and vitamin D status, than men. These gender differences in status were not altered by inclusion of the corresponding nutrient intakes in the model., CONCLUSIONS: There are gender differences in food choices, in energy and nutrient intakes and in nutritional blood status indices in older British people, especially those aged 65-79 y. Some of the status differences are attenuated in the age group of 80 y and older, whereas others are enhanced. The relationships between the quantity and type of foods or nutrients consumed, and nutrient status, are complex. With respect to suspected risk and protective factors for vascular disease, women aged 65-79 y had significantly better status for plasma alpha- and beta-carotene, ascorbate, HDL-cholesterol and homocysteine; but, in contrast, they had lower blood haemoglobin concentrations and higher concentrations of total and non-HDL-cholesterol.
Retinol, vitamin D, carotenes and alpha-tocopherol in serum of a moderately hypercholesterolemic population consuming sitostanol ester margarine.; We have shown earlier that sitostanol ester margarine lowers serum cholesterol by inhibiting cholesterol absorption so that, theoretically, there could be interference with the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins. Accordingly, we investigated whether sitostanol ester margarine affects the serum levels of vitamin D, retinol, alpha-tocopherol and alpha- and beta-carotenes during 1-year treatment in 102 subjects and 49 controls with moderate hypercholesterolemia. The vitamins were assayed at baseline on home diet, on margarine alone, after 1 year's consumption of sitostanol ester margarine and after an additional 2 months on home diet. In the sitostanol group, serum plant sterols, indicators of cholesterol absorption efficiency, were reduced up to -38% in relation to controls from home diet (P < 0.01) indicating that cholesterol absorption was markedly reduced. Vitamin D and retinol concentrations and the ratio of alpha-tocopherol to cholesterol were unchanged by sitostanol ester. Serum beta-carotenes and alpha-carotene concentration but not proportion were reduced in the sitostanol group from baseline and in relation to controls (P < 0.01). Retinol and vitamin D were unassociated with serum cholesterol, plant sterols or other vitamins, whereas alpha-tocopherol and carotenes were significantly associated with serum plant sterols suggesting that the higher cholesterol absorption efficiency, the higher the alpha-tocopherol and carotene levels in serum. We conclude that sitostanol ester did not affect vitamin D and retinol concentrations and alpha-tocopherol/cholesterol proportion, but reduced serum beta-carotene levels. Alpha-tocopherol and carotenes, but not vitamin D and retinol, were related to serum cholesterol and cholesterol absorption.
Enhancement of the innate and cellular immune response in patients with genital warts treated with topical imiquimod cream 5%.; The mechanism of action of imiquimod 5% cream applied topically to patients with genital warts was evaluated in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Imiquimod (16 patients) or placebo (three patients) was applied three times per week for up to 16 weeks. All imiquimod-treated patients had a > or =75% reduction in total wart area while only one of three placebo-treated patients had a similar reduction. Wart biopsies were taken at prestudy, week 6, and end of treatment. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA and reverse transcriptase (RT)-PCR for messenger (m)RNAs were used to identify cytokines, cellular markers, viral gene products, and cell cycle markers in these biopsies. Treatment with imiquimod, an immune response modifier, stimulated significant increases in mRNA for interferon (IFN)-alpha, IFN-gamma and 2',5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2',5'-AS) as well as a tendency towards increases in tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin-12 p40. Significant increases in mRNA for CD4 and a trend toward increases in CD8 were also observed in imiquimod-treated patients, suggesting activation of a cell mediated immune response. Imiquimod administration was also associated with a significant decrease in viral load as measured by HPV DNA and L1 mRNA. The effects on HPV markers were accompanied by an apparent decrease in mRNA expression for markers of cell proliferation and an increase in mRNA for markers of keratinocyte differentiation and tumor suppressors.
Relative efficacy of amethocaine gel and lidocaine-prilocaine cream for Port-a-Cath puncture in children.; BACKGROUND: Lidocaine-prilocaine cream (EMLA) is currently standard therapy to alleviate procedural pain in children. One of the disadvantages of lidocaine-prilocaine is the need to wait for 60 minutes for adequate skin anesthesia. Amethocaine gel (Ametop) is a new topical anesthetic that requires a shorter application time for skin anesthesia., OBJECTIVES: To compare the relative efficacy and safety of amethocaine gel and lidocaine-prilocaine cream in children with cancer undergoing Port-a-Cath puncture and to determine which patient factors influence judgments about pain., METHODS: Randomized, blinded, crossover study. Each child received either 1 g of amethocaine gel for 30 minutes, preceded by a placebo gel for 30 minutes, or 1 g of lidocaine-prilocaine cream for 60 minutes. Children rated the pain using the faces scale, for which scores ranged from 0 to 5. Parents and attending nurse operators rated pain on a 10-cm visual analog scale., RESULTS: Thirty-nine children participated. The mean age was 10.2 years (range: 5-16 years), and 69% were male. There were no differences in mean pain assessments between amethocaine and lidocaine-prilocaine as rated by the children (2.0 vs 0.5), parents (2.6 vs 6.4), or nurse operators (2.0 vs 0.9). No serious adverse effects were detected with either preparation. Pain scores assigned by parents and children were not influenced by age, gender, duration of diagnosis, or anesthetic regimen (amethocaine versus lidocaine-prilocaine) in the child. Nurses, however, rated pain higher for younger children, and in males during pretreatment with lidocaine-prilocaine., CONCLUSION: Amethocaine achieves similar anesthesia to lidocaine-prilocaine during Port-a-Cath administration in children, with an application time that is half of lidocaine-prilocaine. Pain assessments were not influenced by age, gender, or duration of diagnosis of the child. Nurses may perceive that pain is greater for younger children and in males. lidocaine-prilocaine, amethocaine, pain, children, Port-a-Cath puncture.
Modification of subcutaneous adipose tissue by a methylxanthine formulation: a double-blind controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Excessive subcutaneous adipose tissue is typically treated by physically removing the fat through liposuction, but cost and accessibility have popularized alternative treatments for reducing adipose tissue thickness., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to test the absolute and relative effectiveness of a liposome-encapsulated caffeine-based cream in modifying subcutaneous adipose tissue., METHODS: Forty-one patients consented and completed the double-blind, single-center, placebo-controlled study. Caliper measurements, tape measurements, and photographs were taken over a 2-month period., RESULTS: Both concentrations of the cream were found to significantly reduce the thickness of the adipose tissue in all areas of the body. In addition, the more concentrated cream was significantly more effective than the less concentrated cream in the areas of the hips and the triceps., CONCLUSION: The caffeine-based liposome-encapsulated cream significantly reduced the thickness of the subcutaneous fat over a 2-month period.
Evaluation of a long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplemented formula on growth, tolerance, and plasma lipids in preterm infants up to 48 weeks postconceptional age.; BACKGROUND: The last trimester of pregnancy is a period of rapid accretion of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, both in the central nervous system and the body as a whole. Human milk contains these fatty acids, whereas some preterm infant formulas do not. Infants fed formulas without these fatty acids have lower plasma and erythrocyte concentrations than infants fed human milk. Preclinical and clinical studies have demonstrated that single-cell sources (algal and fungal) of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids are bioavailable. A balanced addition of fatty acids from these oils to preterm formula results in blood fatty acid concentrations in low birth weight infants comparable to those of infants fed human milk., METHODS: In the present study the growth, acceptance (overall incidence of discontinuation, reasons for discontinuation, overall incidence and type of individual adverse events), and plasma fatty acid concentrations were compared in three groups of infants fed a long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid-supplemented preterm infant formula, an unsupplemented control formula, or human milk. The study was prospective, double-blind (formula groups only), and randomized (formula groups only). Two hundred eighty-eight infants were enrolled (supplemented formula group, n = 77; control formula group, n = 78; human milk group, n = 133)., RESULTS: Anthropometric measurements at enrollment, at first day of full oral feeding, and at both 40 and 48 weeks postconceptional age did not differ between the formula groups, whereas the human milk-fed group initially grew at a lower rate. The incidence of severe adverse events was rare and not significantly different between formula groups. The groups fed either human milk or supplemented formula had long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrations higher than those in the control formula group., CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a preterm formula supplemented with long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids from single-cell oils.
Effects of butter oil blends with increased concentrations of stearic, oleic and linolenic acid on blood lipids in young adults.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this present project was to evaluate a more satisfactory effect on plasma lipoprotein profile of spreads based on dairy fat., DESIGN: This study was designed as a randomised cross-over experiment with a three-week treatment separated by a three-week wash-out period. Sixty five grams of the fat content of the habitual diets was replaced by either butter/grapeseed oil (90:10) (BG); butter oil and low erucic rapeseed oil (65:35) (BR) or butter blended in a 1:1 ratio with a interesterified mixture of rapeseed oil and fully hydrogenated rapeseed oil (70: 30) (BS)., SUBJECTS: Thirteen healthy free-living young men (age 21-26 y) fulfilled the study., INTERVENTIONS: At the beginning and end of each diet period two venous blood samples were collected. Triacylglycerol and cholesterol concentrations in total plasma and VLDL, LDL, IDL and HDL fractions were measured, as were apo A-1 and apo B concentrations. Fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids, plasma cholesterol ester and platelets was also determined., RESULTS: Significantly (P < 0.05) lower total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were observed after the BR and BS period, compared to BG. The effect of BR and BS did not differ. BG and BR resulted in equal concentrations of HDL-C, but significantly higher than BS. Consequently, a significantly lower LDL-C/HDL-C ratio was seen after the BR treatment compared to BG and BS. Apo A-1 concentrations were not significantly different, but Apo B was significantly increased after BG., CONCLUSIONS: Partially replacing milk fat with rapeseed oil seems to yield a more healthy spread. Stearic acid had a HDL-C lowering effect compared to milk fat, but did not affect LDL-C significantly. The addition of stearic acid did not improve the plasma lipoprotein profile for young men with low cholesterol levels.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension: a summary of study results. DASH Collaborative Research Group.; The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension multicenter trial examined the impact of dietary patterns on blood pressure in 459 adults with blood pressure < 160 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. After a 3-week run-in period on a control diet low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and with a fat content typical for Americans, participants were randomized for 8 weeks to either the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a combination diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products. Body weight and sodium intake were held constant, and physical activity did not change during the intervention. Baseline mean +/- standard deviation systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3 +/- 10.8 mm Hg and 84.7 +/- 4.7 mm Hg, respectively. Relative to the control diet, the combination diet reduced blood pressure by 5.5 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure by 3.0 mm Hg (P < .001). For those on the fruits and vegetables diet, blood pressure reductions relative to control were 2.8 mm Hg systolic (P < .001) and 1.1 mm Hg diastolic (P < .07). In 133 participants with hypertension, the combination diet produced a net blood pressure reduction of 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg systolic and diastolic, respectively (P < .001). In participants without hypertension (n = 326), the corresponding blood pressure reductions were 3.5 mm Hg systolic (P < .001) and 2.1 mm Hg diastolic (P < .003). In other subgroup analyses, minorities showed relatively larger reductions in blood pressure than nonminorities (P < .001). We conclude that the dietary pattern reflected in the combination diet can substantially reduce blood pressure, and, accordingly, provides an additional lifestyle approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of 5-fluorouracil for the treatment of cervicovaginal human papillomavirus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare intravaginal 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and placebo for the treatment of cervical and/or vaginal human papillomavirus (HPV)., METHODS: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial was performed. Women with HPV detected visually or by Papanicolaou (Pap) test and confirmed by colposcopic biopsy were randomized to receive either intravaginal 5-FU cream or an intravaginal placebo cream. Women with cervical or vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia were excluded. The primary outcome measure was cytologic regression of HPV as determined by Pap test screening 4 to 6 months after treatment. The secondary outcome was cytologic evidence of disease progression at both the 4-6-month and 12-month follow-up evaluations. Data were analyzed using the Chi square test with significance established at P < 0.05., RESULTS: A total of forty patients were randomized, and thirty patients had a follow-up Pap test 4 to 6 months after treatment. Of those patients treated with 5-FU, 28% demonstrated regression of HPV on cytologic evaluation, compared with 69% of those treated with placebo (P < 0.05). Twelve-month follow-up cytology was available from 18 of the study participants. There were no significant differences in the frequency of cytologic progression or regression between groups at 12 months., CONCLUSION: Four to six months post treatment, the use of intravaginal 5-FU for the treatment of cervical or vaginal HPV is associated with a lower rate of regression than the use of placebo.
Assessment of advice to reduce dietary fat and non-milk extrinsic sugar in a free-living male population.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effect of advice to reduce both dietary fat and sugar with advice to reduce fat alone on subsequent dietary intake in Scottish men., DESIGN: A parallel design intervention study was employed to measure compliance to the two types of dietary advice. Subjects were randomly assigned to Group 1 (advice to reduce fat and non-milk extrinsic (NME) sugar), Group 2 (advice to reduce fat only, ad libitum sugar) or a control Group 0 (no advice). Compliance was assessed by two 4-day food diaries over 6 months., SETTING: The study was conducted in the Strathclyde area of Scotland., SUBJECTS: Subjects were normal to moderately overweight Scottish men. The men recruited were non-dieting and volunteered for a 'healthy eating' study with the aim to improve the 'healthiness' of their diet., RESULTS: Groups 1 and 2 achieved the dietary target for fat, reducing their mean intake to below 35% energy. Group 1 achieved a statistically significant reduction in percentage energy from NME sugar in the short term (6 weeks), decreasing their mean intake from 9.9% to 7.2% energy. This initial decrease appeared to slip back towards baseline levels at 6 months (8.1% energy from NME sugar) and was no longer significantly different from baseline. At 6 months Group 1 reported a significantly lower mean energy intake than at baseline, whereas Group 2 adjusted for an initial decrease in energy intake and by 6 months energy intakes were not significantly different from baseline intakes. Group 2 appeared to compensate for the absolute reduction in dietary fat with a slight increase in total sugars and the maintenance of NME sugar intakes., CONCLUSIONS: Subjects in Group 1 complied with advice to reduce both fat and sugar over 6 weeks but to a lesser extent over 6 months. The 1.8% reduction in percentage energy from NME sugars in Group 1 at 6 months may not have reached significance due to the small sample size. Alternatively it may be that free-living populations find it hard to maintain concurrent reductions in fat and sugar owing to the well-documented inverse relationship between intakes of these macronutrients when expressed as a proportion of energy.
Serum cholesterol ester fatty acids in 7- and 13-month-old children in a prospective randomized trial of a low-saturated fat, low-cholesterol diet: the STRIP baby project. Special Turku coronary Risk factor Intervention Project for children.; To evaluate changes that occur in serum cholesterol ester fatty acid composition during the transition from typical infant feeding to a more adult type of nutrition, this study compared the effects on serum cholesterol ester fatty acids of breast milk or formula at the age of 7 mo with effects caused by 6-mo dietary intervention in 137 children. The intervention [Special Turku coronary Risk factor Intervention Project for children (STRIP baby project)] aimed at a reduction of saturated fat intake to 10% of energy after the age of 1 y without purposefully influencing total fat intake. Nutrient intakes were calculated from 3-d food records. At the age of 7 mo, i.e. before dietary education began, milk type markedly influenced dietary and serum cholesterol ester fatty acid composition (mean serum cholesterol ester 16:0 in breastfed vs formula-fed infants, 13.7% vs 12.0%, respectively, p < 0.001; serum cholesterol ester 18:2n-6 50.6% vs 57.6%, p < 0.001). At the age of 13 mo the calculated fat intake of the intervention and control children differed markedly but serum cholesterol ester fatty acid compositions in all children resembled closely those measured in 7-mo-old breastfed infants, e.g. at the age of 13 mo the relative proportions of 18:2n-6 were 49.9% and 51.1% in previously formula-fed intervention and control children, respectively, and 50.3% and 50.1% in previously breastfed intervention and control children, respectively. In conclusion, serum cholesterol ester fatty acid composition reflected differences in dietary fat quality (breast milk or formula) at the age of 7 mo, whereas dietary intervention as applied in the STRIP baby project had only a minimal effect.
Etanercept: a review of its use in rheumatoid arthritis.; UNLABELLED: Etanercept, a fusion protein consisting of the extracellular ligand-binding domain of the 75kD receptor for tumour necrosis factor-alpha and the constant portion of human IgG1, is administered by subcutaneous injection and is the first specific anti-cytokine therapy approved for rheumatoid arthritis. In patients with active rheumatoid arthritis [American College of Rheumatology (ACR) functional class I to III] who had failed to respond to previous treatment with > or = 1 disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD), etanercept, alone or in combination with methotrexate, produced improvements in all components included in the ACR core set of disease activity measures. A dose-response effect was apparent with etanercept 0.25 to 16 mg/m2 twice weekly in a randomised, double-blind study in 180 patients. The mean number of swollen or tender joints at the end of the 12-week study decreased by >50% in patients treated with etanercept 16 mg/m2 twice weekly and by <25% in patients treated with placebo. In a 24-week multicentre, randomised, double-blind study in 234 patients who were not allowed to use DMARDs, etanercept 10 or 25mg twice weekly had a rapid onset of effect. Significantly more patients treated with etanercept 25mg twice weekly than placebo experienced 20 (ACR 20), 50 (ACR 50) or 70% (ACR 70) improvement in ACR criteria after 3 and 6 months. Limited evidence suggests that the therapeutic effects of etanercept are maintained for up to 2 years. Etanercept 25mg twice weekly produced significant improvement in patients receiving oral or subcutaneous methotrexate 10 to 25 mg/week in a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. A significantly greater proportion of patients treated with etanercept plus methotrexate (71%) than placebo plus methotrexate (27%) achieved the ACR 20 criteria after 6 months. Moreover, 39 and 15% of patients treated with etanercept plus methotrexate, but no placebo plus methotrexate recipients, had achieved the ACR 50 and ACR 70 criteria at this time. Etanercept 0.4 mg/kg twice weekly reduced disease activity in a preliminary, noncomparative study in 69 children aged > or =4 years with refractory juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. Although the overall frequency of infections was similar in patients treated with etanercept or placebo, upper respiratory tract infections were more common in patients treated with etanercept (29%) than placebo (16%). Injection site reactions occurred more frequently in etanercept- than placebo-treated patients, but did not bias the results of any study., CONCLUSIONS: When etanercept is administered alone or in combination with methotrexate in patients with refractory rheumatoid arthritis, significant reductions in disease activity occur within 2 weeks and are sustained for at least 6 months. Thus, etanercept appears to be particularly well suited for use in patients who fail to respond to treatment with DMARDs.
Plasma lipoprotein fatty acids are altered by the positional distribution of fatty acids in infant formula triacylglycerols and human milk.; BACKGROUND: Triacylglycerol digestion involves hydrolysis of fatty acids esterified at the glycerol 1,3 positions by gastric and pancreatic lipase to produce 2-monoacylglycerols and unesterified fatty acids, which are then absorbed, reesterified to triacylglycerol, and secreted in chylomicrons. Palmitic acid (16:0) is predominantly esterified to the 2 position of human milk triacylglycerol but to the 1,3 positions in the oils used in infant formulas., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine whether the position of 16:0 in human milk and infant formula triacylglycerol influences the position of fatty acids in postprandial plasma chylomicron triacylglycerol., DESIGN: Full-term infants were fed formula with 25-27% 16:0 with either 39% of the 16:0(synthesized triacylglycerol) or 6% of the 16:0 (standard formula) esterified at the triacylglycerol 2 position, or were breast-fed (23% 16:0, 81% at the triacylglycerol 2 position) from birth to 120 d of age. Chylomicron fatty acids and plasma lipids were assessed at 30 and 120 d of age., RESULTS: Infants fed the synthesized triacylglycerol formula, standard formula, or breast milk had 15.8%,8.3%, and 28.0% 16:0 in the chylomicron triacylglycerol 2 position (P < 0.05). These results suggest that >/=50% of the dietary triacylglycerol 2-position 16:0 is conserved through digestion, absorption, and chylomicron triacylglycerol synthesis in breast-fed and formula-fed infants. Infants fed the synthesized triacylglycerol formula had significantly lower HDL-cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I and higher apolipoprotein B concentrations than infants fed the standard formula., CONCLUSION: Dietary triacylglycerol fatty acid distribution may alter lipoprotein metabolism in young infants.
Relation between the intake of milk fat and the occurrence of conjugated linoleic acid in human adipose tissue.; BACKGROUND: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of naturally occurring fatty acids mainly present in fats from ruminants. CLA has been shown to be a potential anticarcinogen., OBJECTIVE: In this study, the relation between bovine milk fat intake and the occurrence of CLA in human adipose tissue was investigated., DESIGN: One hundred twenty-three men weighed and recorded the foods they consumed for 1 wk. Afterward, recall interviews were conducted by telephone monthly for 7 consecutive months to inquire about food consumption during the previous 24 h. The entire dietary recording procedure was repeated once. The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum was analyzed., RESULTS: The average amount of one isomer of CLA--9-cis,11-trans-octadecadienoic acid (9c,11t-18:2)--as a percentage of total fatty acids was found to be 0.50% in adipose tissue and 0.25% in serum. The amount of 9c,11t-18:2 in adipose tissue was significantly correlated with milk fat intake (r = 0.42). The percentage of 9c,11t-18:2 in both adipose tissue and in serum was strongly correlated with myristoleic acid (14:1)., CONCLUSION: The amount of 9c,11t-18:2 in human adipose tissue was significantly related to milk fat intake.
Tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen and consumption of dairy products. The DESIR study. Data from an Epidemiological Study on Insulin Resistance Syndrome.; We investigated whether tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen (t-PA-Ag) was associated with intake of meat, fish, or dairy products. The study population comprised 295 women and 299 men aged 30-64 years, which was a random sample from the D.E.S.I.R. (Data from an Epidemiological Study on the Insulin Resistance syndrome) study comprising 5214 men and women in total. T-PA-Ag was measured in fasting blood samples and the habitual intake of foods was assessed by several questions on a food frequency questionnaire. Cross-sectional data were analyzed. The mean t-PA-Ag concentration was 3.28 ng/mL (SD, 1.26) in men and 2.52 ng/mL (SD, 1.22) in women. The concentration of t-PA-Ag was inversely associated with the consumption of milk and milk products in women (p for trend: 0.15) and in men (p for trend: 0.04). The difference between subjects with a low and a high milk consumption was 13% in women and 19% in men. Similar results were observed for consumption of cheese. The concentration of t-PA-Ag was 21 and 8% lower for women and men with a high cheese consumption, respectively, compared to those with a low consumption. Further analyses showed that the association of t-PA-Ag with milk and milk product consumption was independent of cheese consumption and vice versa. No association between meat or fish intake and t-PA-Ag was observed. The results of this study indicate that, if confirmed by others, a high intake of dairy products may influence fibrinolysis by an effect on t-PA-Ag.
Cow's milk formula feeding induces primary immunization to insulin in infants at genetic risk for type 1 diabetes.; Insulin autoantibodies (IAAs) often appear as the first sign of islet cell autoimmunity in prediabetic children. Because cow's milk contains bovine insulin, we followed the development of insulin-binding antibodies in children fed with cow's milk formula. Bovine insulin- and human insulin-binding antibodies by enzyme immunoassay and IAA by radioimmunoassay were analyzed in 200 infants carrying HLA-DQB1*0302 but no protective alleles who participated in a Finnish population-based birth-cohort study. Based on the prospectively registered information, the first 100 infants enrolled in the study who were exposed to cow's milk formula before age 12 weeks and the first 100 infants enrolled in the study who were exclusively breast-fed for longer than their first 12 weeks of life were selected for the present study. Also, 11 children from the birth cohort who developed at least two diabetes-associated autoantibodies, 98 children with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes, and 92 healthy children were studied. We found that the amount of IgG-antibodies binding to bovine insulin was higher at age 3 months in infants who were exposed to cow's milk formula than in infants who were exclusively breast-fed at that age (median 0.521 vs. 0.190; P < 0.0001). The antibodies binding to bovine insulin cross-reacted with human insulin. None of these infants tested positive for IAA. The levels of bovine insulin-binding antibodies declined in both groups at ages 12 and 18 months, whereas in the 11 children with at least two diabetes-associated autoantibodies the levels increased during the follow-up period (P < 0.0001). IgG antibodies correlated with IgG2 antibodies binding to bovine insulin (r = 0.43, P = 0.004) and IAA (r = 0.27, P = 0.02) in diabetic children, but not in healthy children. Cow's milk feeding is an environmental trigger of immunity to insulin in infancy that may explain the epidemiological link between the risk of type 1 diabetes and early exposure to cow's milk formulas. This immune response to insulin may later be diverted into autoaggressive immunity against beta-cells in some individuals, as indicated by our findings in children with diabetes-associated autoantibodies.
Effects of different forms of dietary hydrogenated fats on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic studies suggest that fatty acids containing at least one double bond in the trans configuration, which are found in hydrogenated fat, have a detrimental effect on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels as compared with unsaturated fatty acids containing double bonds only in the cis configuration. We compared the effects of diets with a broad range of trans fatty acids on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels., METHODS: Eighteen women and 18 men consumed each of six diets in random order for 35-day periods. The foods were identical in each diet, and each diet provided 30 percent of calories as fat, with two thirds of the fat contributed as soybean oil (<0.5 g of trans fatty acid per 100 g of fat), semiliquid margarine (<0.5 g per 100 g), soft margarine (7.4 g per 100 g), shortening (9.9 g per 100 g), or stick margarine (20.1 g per 100 g). The effects of those diets on serum lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, and apolipoprotein levels were compared with those of a diet enriched with butter, which has a high content of saturated fat., RESULTS: The mean (+/-SD) serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol level was 177+/-32 mg per deciliter (4.58+/-0.85 mmol per liter) and the mean high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level was 45+/-10 mg per deciliter (1.2+/-0.26 mmol per liter) after subjects consumed the butter-enriched diet. The LDL cholesterol level was reduced on average by 12 percent, 11 percent, 9 percent, 7 percent, and 5 percent, respectively, after subjects consumed the diets enriched with soybean oil, semiliquid margarine, soft margarine, shortening, and stick margarine; the HDL cholesterol level was reduced by 3 percent, 4 percent, 4 percent, 4 percent, and 6 percent, respectively. Ratios of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol were lowest after the consumption of the soybean-oil diet and semiliquid-margarine diet and highest after the stick-margarine diet., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that the consumption of products that are low in trans fatty acids and saturated fat has beneficial effects on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
Risk of stomach cancer in relation to consumption of cigarettes, alcohol, tea and coffee in Warsaw, Poland.; To identify reasons for the high incidence rates of stomach cancer in Poland, we conducted a population-based case-control study in Warsaw. Cases were residents aged 21 to 79 years who were newly diagnosed with stomach cancer between March 1, 1994, and April 30, 1997. Controls were randomly selected from Warsaw residents registered at the nationwide Polish Electronic System of Residence Evidency, frequency-matched to cases by age and sex. Information on demographic characteristics; consumption of cigarettes, alcohol, tea and coffee; diet; medical history; family history of cancer; occupational history; and living conditions during adolescence was elicited by trained interviewers using a structured questionnaire. Included were 464 cases (90% of eligible) and 480 controls (87% of eligible). Among men, the risk of stomach cancer was significantly elevated among current smokers (OR = 1.7, 95% CI = 1.1-2.7) but not among former smokers. The excess risk was largely confined to long-term and heavy smokers, with significant 2-fold excess risk among men who smoked 40 or more pack-years. Among women, an 80% increase in risk was observed in both current and former smokers but dose-response trends were less consistent than among men. Alcohol consumption was not clearly related to risk, and no association was found for drinking regular coffee or herbal tea or using milk/cream in coffee or tea. A significant reduction in risk was linked to daily tea drinking among women, but not among men. Our findings confirm an association with cigarette smoking, which is estimated to account for approximately 20% of stomach cancers diagnosed among Warsaw residents during the study period.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids on postprandial lipemia and incretin responses in healthy subjects.; BACKGROUND: Elevations of postprandial triacylglycerol-rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressions of HDL-cholesterol concentrations are considered potentially atherogenic. Long-term studies have shown beneficial effects of monounsaturated fatty acids (eg, oleic acid) on fasting lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in humans. A direct stimulatory effect of oleic acid on the secretion of glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) was shown in animal studies., OBJECTIVE: We compared the postprandial responses of glucose, insulin, fatty acids, triacylglycerol, gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP), and GLP-1 to test meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids., DESIGN: Ten young, lean, healthy persons ingested 3 meals: an energy-free soup consumed with 50 g carbohydrate (control meal), the control meal plus 100 g butter, and the control meal plus 80 g olive oil. Triacylglycerol and retinyl palmitate responses were measured in total plasma, in a chylomicron-rich fraction, and in a chylomicron-poor fraction., RESULTS: No significant differences in glucose, insulin, or fatty acid responses to the 2 fat-rich meals were seen. Plasma triacylglycerol responses were highest after the butter meal, with chylomicron triacylglycerol rising 2.5-5-fold. Retinyl palmitate responses were higher and more prolonged after the butter meal than after the control and olive oil meals, whereas both postprandial HDL-cholesterol concentrations and GLP-1 and GIP responses were higher after the olive oil meal than after the butter meal., CONCLUSIONS: Olive oil induced lower triacylglycerol concentrations and higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations than butter, without eliciting differences in concentrations of glucose, insulin, or fatty acids. Furthermore, olive oil induced higher concentrations of GLP-1 and GIP than did butter, which may point to a relation between fatty acid composition, incretin responses, and triacylglycerol metabolism in the postprandial phase.
Cholesterol reduction by different plant stanol mixtures and with variable fat intake.; Our aim was to investigate (1) whether different campestanol/sitostanol mixtures in margarine differ in reducing serum cholesterol, and (2) whether sitostanol ester in butter decreases serum cholesterol and alters cholesterol absorption and metabolism. Twenty-three postmenopausal women replaced 25 g dietary fat with (1) sitostanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:11) and (2) campestanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:2) rapeseed oil margarine, (3) butter, and (4) sitostanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:13) butter. The respective scheduled stanol intake was 3.18, 3.16, and 2.43 g/d. The 6-week margarine periods and, after an 8-week washout, 5-week butter periods were double-blind and in random order. Serum cholesterol precursor sterols (indicators of cholesterol synthesis) and plant sterols (indicators of cholesterol absorption) were quantified with gas-liquid chromatography (GLC). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was reduced by 8% and 10% with the sitostanol and campestanol ester-rich margarines versus baseline (P < .05 for both) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was increased by 6% and 5% (P < .05), so the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio was reduced by 15% (P < .05 for both). Sitostanol ester-rich butter decreased LDL cholesterol 12% and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio 11% (P < .05 for both) versus the butter period. The serum proportions of plant sterols and cholestanol were similarly reduced and those of cholesterol precursor sterols were similarly increased during all periods (P < .05 for all). Serum proportions of sitostanol and campestanol were slightly increased, indicating that their absorption related to their dietary intake. During all stanol interventions, serum vitamin D and retinol concentrations and alpha-tocopherol to cholesterol ratios were unchanged, whereas those of alpha- and beta-carotenes were significantly reduced. We conclude that varying the campestanol to sitostanol ratio from 1:13 to 1:2 in margarine and in butter similarly decreased cholesterol absorption, LDL cholesterol, and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio such that the serum lipids became less atherogenic.
Spreads enriched with three different levels of vegetable oil sterols and the degree of cholesterol lowering in normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the dose-response relationship between cholesterol lowering and three different, relatively low intake levels of plant sterols (0.83, 1.61, 3.24 g/d) from spreads. To investigate the effects on lipid-soluble (pro)vitamins., DESIGN: A randomized double-blind placebo controlled balanced incomplete Latin square design using five spreads and four periods. The five study spreads included butter, a commercially available spread and three experimental spreads fortified with three different concentrations of plant sterols., SUBJECTS: One hundred apparently healthy normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers participated., INTERVENTIONS: Each subject consumed four spreads, each for a period of 3.5 week., RESULTS: Compared to the control spread, total cholesterol decreased by 0.26 (CI: 0.15-0.36), 0.31 (CI: 0.20-0.41) and 0.35 (CI: 0.25-0.46) mmol/L, for daily consumption of 0.83, 1.61 and 3.24 g plant sterols, respectively. For LDL-cholesterol these decreases were 0.20 (CI: 0.10-0.31), 0.26 (CI: 0.15-0.36) and 0.30 (CI: 0.20-0.41). Decreases in the LDL/HDL ratio were 0.13 (CI: 0.04-0.22), 0.16 (CI: 0.07-0.24) and 0.16 (CI: 0.07-0.24) units, respectively. Differences in cholesterol reductions between the plant sterol doses consumed were not statistically significant. Plasma vitamin K1 and 25-OH-vitamin D and lipid standardized plasma lycopene and alpha-tocopherol were not affected by consumption of plant sterol enriched spreads, but lipid standardized plasma (alpha + beta)-carotene concentrations were decreased by about 11 and 19% by daily consumption of 0.83 and 3.24 g plant sterols in spread, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: The three relatively low dosages of plant sterols had a significant cholesterol lowering effect ranging from 4.9-6.8%, 6.7-9.9% and 6.5-7.9%, for total, LDL-cholesterol and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, respectively, without substantially affecting lipid soluble (pro)vitamins. No significant differences in cholesterol lowering effect between the three dosages of plant sterols could be detected. This study would support that consumption of about 1.6 g of plant sterols per day will beneficially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations without seriously affecting plasma carotenoid concentrations.
Yoghurt enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus does not lower blood lipids in healthy men and women with normal to borderline high serum cholesterol levels.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether intake of Lactobacillus acidophilus strain L-1 lowers serum cholesterol in healthy men and women., DESIGN: Randomised, placebo-controlled parallel trial., SETTING: Subjects were free-living. Blood sampling and distribution of yoghurts were administered at a local hospital., SUBJECTS: Seventy-eight adult men and women with cholesterol levels of 3.9-7.8 mmol/L (mean +/- s.d., 5.4+/-0.7)., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects consumed 500 mL of control yoghurt daily for two weeks. They were then randomly allocated to receive 500 mL per day of control yoghurt or of yoghurt enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus L-1 for another six weeks. The yoghurts were spiked with a trace of lithium; compliance as assessed by plasma lithium was excellent., RESULTS: Energy and nutrient intake was constant, and identical for the two groups. Mean body weight was stable. Baseline blood lipid concentrations in the control and treatment groups were highly similar. The effect of consumption of Lactobacillus acidophilus L-1 vs. control on total cholesterol was -0.02 mmol/L (95% CI, -0.18-0.15) after three weeks and 0.04 mmol/L (95% CI, -0.12-0.20) after six weeks. Serum LDL and HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels were also unaffected., CONCLUSIONS: Yoghurt enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus L-1 does not lower serum cholesterol in men and women with normal to borderline high cholesterol levels.
Bone mineralization and turnover in preterm infants at 8-12 years of age: the effect of early diet.; Our previous studies raised two hypotheses: first that suboptimal early nutrition and second that human milk have enhancing effects on long-term bone mineralization. To test these hypotheses experimentally, we measured whole body and regional bone mineral content (BMC) and bone mineral density (BMD), using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and single-photon absorptiometry, and bone turnover at 8-12 years in 244 preterm children (128 boys) who participated in a prospective randomized study of diet during the neonatal period. Dietary randomizations studied were: banked human milk (BBM, n = 87) versus preterm formula (PTF, n = 96) as the sole diet or as a supplement to mother's expressed breast milk (EBM); PTF (n = 25) versus term formula (TF, n = 36) as sole diet. Ninety-five term children of the same age were also studied. First, preterm children were shorter and lighter than term children (height SD scores -0.49 (1.1) vs. +0.22 (0.9), weight SD scores -0.41 (1.2) vs. +0.38 (1.0)) and had significantly lower whole-body BMC than their peers; decrements were also evident at some regional sites. These differences disappeared after adjusting for bone area, body size, and pubertal status. Second, children previously randomized to BBM versus PTF or TF versus PTF showed no significant differences in anthropometry, BMC, BMD, or osteocalcin (OC). Third, there was no independent effect of the proportion of EBM on BMC, BMD, or OC and no interaction between randomized diet and the amount of EBM received. Fourth, plasma OC was significantly higher in preterm children than in term children (12.4 vs. 11.0 ng/ml, p < 0.005) and in preterm children who had received a low-nutrient (BBM/TF) as opposed to a high-nutrient diet (PTF) during the neonatal period (12. 9 vs. 11.9 ng/ml, p = 0.03). In conclusion, preterm children are shorter, lighter, and have lower bone mass than their peers at age 8-12 years. The lower BMC is, however, appropriate for the bone and body size achieved. Despite large differences in early mineral intake, early diet does not affect bone mass in preterm children, and fresh human milk has no specific effect. However, poor nutrition during the neonatal period may result in higher bone formation rates during childhood.
Randomized trial of the short-term effects of dieting compared with dieting plus aerobic exercise on lactation performance.; BACKGROUND: Limiting postpartum weight retention is important for preventing adult obesity, but the effect of weight loss on lactation has not been studied adequately., OBJECTIVE: We evaluated whether weight loss by dieting, with or without aerobic exercise, adversely affects lactation performance., DESIGN: At 12+/-4 wk postpartum, exclusively breast-feeding women were randomly assigned for 11 d to a diet group (35% energy deficit; n = 22), a diet plus exercise group (35% net energy deficit; n = 22), or a control group (n = 23). Milk volume, composition, and energy output; maternal weight, body composition, and plasma prolactin concentration; and infant weight were measured before and after the intervention., RESULTS: Weight loss averaged 1.9, 1.6, and 0.2 kg in the diet, diet + exercise, and control groups, respectively (P < 0.0001) and was composed of 67% fat in the diet group and nearly 100% fat in the diet + exercise group. Change in milk volume, composition, and energy output and infant weight did not differ significantly among groups. However, there was a significant interaction between group and baseline percentage body fat: in the diet group only, milk energy output increased in fatter women and decreased in leaner women. The plasma prolactin concentration was higher in the diet and diet + exercise groups than in the control group., CONCLUSIONS: Short-term weight loss (approximately 1 kg/wk) through a combination of dieting and aerobic exercise appears safe for breast-feeding mothers and is preferable to weight loss achieved primarily by dieting because the latter reduces maternal lean body mass. Longer-term studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Sweetener augmentation of serum triacylglycerol during a fat challenge test in humans.; OBJECTIVE: High concentrations of fructose enhance postprandial lipemia following lipid loading whereas glucose exerts a negative or minimal effect. This study evaluated the effect of lower sweetener concentrations and the contribution of their sweetness level and palatability., METHODS: At each of four test sessions, twelve male and ten female healthy adults ingested one of four milkshakes containing 108 g dairy cream alone or supplemented with 30 g fructose, 17.5 g glucose or 1 g aspartame. Blood samples were collected at baseline, two, four, six and eight hours after ingestion. Sensory discrimination tests were conducted after the last two sessions., RESULTS: Fructose and glucose led to 37% (p = 0.03) and 59% (p = 0.08) rises in triacylglycerol area under the curve (TG AUC) when compared to the plain milkshake, respectively. Although the sweetened shakes were equisweet and were more palatable than the plain shake, the TG rise after the aspartame milkshake did not differ from the plain milkshake., CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that low levels of glucose and fructose consumed with lipid enhance postprandial lipemia. Sweetness and palatability did not account for the effect.
Serum sterols during stanol ester feeding in a mildly hypercholesterolemic population.; We investigated the changes of cholesterol and non-cholesterol sterol metabolism during plant stanol ester margarine feeding in 153 hypercholesterolemic subjects. Rapeseed oil (canola oil) margarine without (n = 51) and with (n = 102) stanol (2 or 3 g/day) ester was used for 1 year. Serum sterols were analyzed with gas-liquid chromatography. The latter showed a small increase in sitostanol peak during stanol ester margarine eating. Cholestanol, campesterol, and sitosterol proportions to cholesterol were significantly reduced by 5-39% (P < 0.05 or less for all) by stanol esters; the higher their baseline proportions the higher were their reductions. The precursor sterol proportions were significantly increased by 10- 46%, and their high baseline levels predicted low reduction of serum cholesterol. The decrease of the scheduled stanol dose from 3 to 2 g/day after 6-month feeding increased serum cholesterol by 5% (P < 0. 001) and serum plant sterol proportions by 8-13% (P < 0.001), but had no consistent effect on precursor sterols. In twelve subjects, the 12-month level of LDL cholesterol exceeded that of baseline; the non-cholesterol sterol proportions suggested that stimulated synthesis with relatively weak absorption inhibition contributed to the non-responsiveness of these subjects. In conclusion, plant stanol ester feeding lowers serum cholesterol in about 88% of subjects, decreases the non-cholesterol sterols that reflect cholesterol absorption, increases the sterols that reflect cholesterol synthesis, but also slightly increases serum plant stanols. Low synthesis and high absorption efficiency of cholesterol results in the greatest benefit from stanol ester consumption.
Zinc supplementation in malnourished children with persistent diarrhea in Pakistan.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the potential benefit of dietary supplementation of a rice-lentil (Khitchri) and yogurt diet with 3 mg/kg/d of elemental zinc (as zinc sulfate) in hospitalized malnourished children (age 6-36 months) with persistent diarrhea for 14 days., METHODOLOGY: Randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial., SETTING: Nutrition Research Ward at the National Institute of Child Health, Karachi, Pakistan, where children were admitted for 14 days of inpatient supervised rehabilitation., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES:, PRIMARY OUTCOME: overall weight gain by day 14., SECONDARY OUTCOMES: overall energy intake, stool output, time to diarrheal recovery and weight gain (>/=3 days), plasma zinc, copper, prealbumin, and insulin-like growth factor-1., RESULTS: Of 87 children randomized for supplementation with either zinc or placebo, the two groups were comparable at admission in terms of severity and duration of diarrhea, as well as nutritional and anthropometric parameters. The overall weight gain, stool volume, stool frequency, as well as the time taken for diarrheal recovery or steady weight gain, were comparable for both supplemented children and controls. Supplemented children had a significant improvement in plasma zinc levels and serum alkaline phosphatase by day 14 of therapy in comparison with controls. Plasma copper levels were low in both groups at admission and although an increase was seen in control children, levels decreased further after zinc supplementation. There was no significant difference between the two groups for hemoglobin, serum albumin, prealbumin, and plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 increments during the course of therapy. Evaluation of primary and secondary outcome criteria among the subset of children with plasma zinc levels <60 microg/d at admission did not reveal any significant differences., CONCLUSIONS: Although there was satisfactory recovery in malnourished children with persistent diarrhea receiving the Khitchri-yogurt diet, there was no evidence of improved weight gain or acceleration of recovery from diarrhea with zinc supplementation. In contrast, the reduction in plasma copper levels in zinc-supplemented malnourished children suggests that caution should be exercised in supplementing severely malnourished children with zinc alone.
Evaluation of the effects of a new fermented milk product (Gaio) on primary hypercholesterolemia.; OBJECTIVE: To verify the effects on the lipid profile of a product of fermented milk (Gaio) in patients with mild to moderate primary hypercholesterolemia., DESIGN: The study was prospective, randomized, double-blinded and placebo controlled, with a crossover design., SUBJECTS: Thirty-two patients (21 women and 11 men) with ages ranging between 36 and 65 years old were included in the study. All of them were on a controlled diet for at least 8 weeks., INTERVENTION: Patients began, after clinical and laboratory analysis, in a randomized and double-blind manner to take 200 g daily of Gaio or its placebo. After 8 weeks blood was collected again for lipid profile evaluation and the crossover was made. After an additional 8 weeks blood was collected for another lipid profile determination., RESULTS: All patients included completed the study. Comparisons were made between means of lipid profile constituents after the placebo and active product periods. These showed significant mean reduction of 5.3% (P = 0.004) for total cholesterol, 6.15% (P = 0.012) for LDL-cholesterol and no significant variation for HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides. The majority of patients presented no variation or had a decrease in their total cholesterol level. However, during the active product period, three patients showed an increase in cholesterol level by more than 5%., CONCLUSION: The fermented milk (Gaio) produced a small but statistically significant decrease in total and LDL-cholesterol mean. However, not all subjects seem to respond to the product, and a few subjects showed a cholesterol increment. Further investigations are necessary to clarify this aspect.
Plasma lipids and apolipoproteins in breastfed and formula-fed Swedish infants.; This study was carried out to compare plasma lipid pattern in breastfed and formula-fed infants and the effects of exchanging breast milk for formula and of introducing weaning foods. Healthy infants, exclusively breastfed at least until 3 mo, were at this age randomly assigned to infant formulas with similar fat composition. Formula was gradually introduced when breastfeeding was discontinued. One group continued to breastfeed beyond 6 mo of age. All infants received the same weaning foods and were studied between 3 and 12 mo of age. Decreased plasma concentrations of total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC, LDL-C), apolipoprotein B (apo B) and A1 (p < 0.001), and of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < 0.05) were found when breast milk was exchanged for formula before 6 mo. At this age plasma TC, LDL-C and apo B were lower in formula-fed than in breastfed infants (p < 0.001). These plasma lipids then increased (p < 0.01) when the intake of formula decreased and that of weaning foods increased. However, plasma TC and/or LDL-C remained lower at 12 mo in formula-fed than in breastfed infants (p < 0.05). Our results indicate that the plasma lipid profile of infants is highly responsive to the dietary nutrient intake, as indicated by the decrease in plasma lipids and apolipoproteins when breast milk was exchanged for formula and by the increase in these concentrations when the intake of weaning foods gradually increased.
Effects of 2 low-fat stanol ester-containing margarines on serum cholesterol concentrations as part of a low-fat diet in hypercholesterolemic subjects.; BACKGROUND: Full-fat sitostanol ester-containing margarine reduces serum total and LDL cholesterol, but the effect of plant stanol ester-containing margarine as part of a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet has not been studied., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the cholesterol-lowering effects of 2 novel, low-fat stanol ester-containing margarines as part of a low-fat diet recommended for hypercholesterolemic subjects., DESIGN: In a parallel, double-blind study, 55 hypercholesterolemic subjects were randomly assigned after a 4-wk high-fat diet (baseline) to 3 low-fat margarine groups: wood stanol ester-containing margarine (WSEM), vegetable oil stanol ester-containing margarine (VOSEM), and control margarine (no stanol esters). The groups consumed the margarines for 8 wk as part of a diet resembling that of the National Cholesterol Education Program's Step II diet. The daily mean total stanol intake was 2.31 and 2.16 g in the WSEM and VOSEM groups, respectively., RESULTS: During the experimental period, the reduction in serum total cholesterol was 10.6% (P < 0.001) and 8.1% (P < 0.05) greater and in LDL cholesterol was 13.7% (P < 0.01) and 8.6% (P = 0.072) greater in the WSEM and VOSEM groups, respectively, than in the control group. Serum campesterol concentrations decreased 34.5% and 41.3% (P < 0.001) in the WSEM and VOSEM groups, respectively. Serum HDL cholesterol, sitostanol, campestanol, beta-carotene, and fat-soluble vitamin concentrations did not change significantly from baseline., CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the low-fat, plant stanol ester-containing margarines are effective cholesterol-lowering products in hypercholesterolemic subjects when used as part of a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet. They offer an additional, clinically significant reduction in serum cholesterol concentrations to that obtained with a low-fat diet alone.
Effect of fermented milk (yogurt) containing Lactobacillus acidophilus L1 on serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic humans.; OBJECTIVE: Two controlled clinical studies were performed to examine effects of consumption of one daily serving of fermented milk (FM) (yogurt) on serum lipids., METHODS: In the first study, subjects were randomly allocated to FM containing Lactobacillus acidophilus L1 of human origin or to FM containing L. acidophilus ATCC 43211 of swine origin. In this single-blind study, subjects consumed one 200 ml serving of FM daily for 3 weeks. The second study was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study. Subjects completed a 4-week first treatment, had a 2-week washout, and completed a second 4-week treatment. In the second study subjects consumed FM containing L. acidophilus L1 or placebo FM over 4 weeks., RESULTS: In the first study, FM containing L. acidophilus L1 was accompanied by a 2.4% (p<0.05) reduction of serum cholesterol concentration. In the second study, strain L1 reduced serum cholesterol concentration by 3.2% (p<0.05) in the first treatment period. In the second treatment period there were no significant changes in serum cholesterol concentration. Combined analysis of the two L1 treatment studies demonstrated a 2.9% (p<0.01) reduction in serum cholesterol concentration., CONCLUSION: Since every 1% reduction in serum cholesterol concentration is associated with an estimated 2% to 3% reduction in risk for coronary heart disease, regular intake of FM containing an appropriate strain of L. acidophilus has the potential of reducing risk for coronary heart disease by 6 to 10%.
Fruit juice intake is not related to children's growth.; BACKGROUND: Excessive fruit juice intake (>12 ounces/day) has been reported to be associated with short stature and obesity in preschool children., OBJECTIVE: To confirm whether excess fruit juice intake was associated with short stature and obesity in preschool children, we assessed growth parameters and fruit juice intake in 105 white children, ages 24 to 36 months., METHODOLOGY: Mothers were interviewed twice by a registered dietitian when children were age 24, 28, or 32 months (interview 1) and when children were age 28, 32, or 36 months (interview 2); interviews were assigned randomly. At each interview mothers provided 3 days of dietary data (one 24-hour recall and a 2-day food record) and the registered dietitian weighed the child and measured his/her height. Dietary data were analyzed using Nutritionist IV software. Each child's body mass index (wt/ht2) and ponderal index (wt/ht3) were calculated for each interview. Growth parameters of children consuming <12 ounces/day 100% fruit juice were compared with those consuming >/=12 ounces/day using the Student's t test, chi2, Fisher's exact test, and mixed model repeated measures analyses (PROC MIXED)., RESULTS: Results consistently indicated no statistically significant differences in children's height, body mass index, or ponderal index related to fruit juice intake. Intakes of soda pop were negatively related to intakes of milk and fruit juice although intakes of milk and fruit juice were not related., CONCLUSIONS: The consistent lack of relationship between children's fruit juice intake and growth parameters in our study does not support previous recommendations to limit the intake of 100% fruit juice to <12 ounces/day.
Postprandial effects of an oleic acid-rich oil compared with butter on clotting factor VII and fibrinolysis in healthy men.; BACKGROUND: Factor VII coagulant activity (FVII:c) is associated with an increased risk of fatal ischemic heart disease, is correlated with plasma triacylglycerol concentration, and increases after a meal rich in long-chain fatty acids., OBJECTIVE: We planned to compare effects of meals rich in oleate and butter fat with those of a low-fat meal on FVII:c and fibrinolytic activity., DESIGN: A crossover design was used to compare the postprandial effects on coagulant and fibrinolytic activities in 12 men of 3 high-fat (95 g) meals--high oleate, butter, and oleate + medium-chain triacylglycerols (oleate+MCT)--with an isoenergetic low-fat meal (18 g MCT). The oleate+MCT blend was used to mimic the ratio of long-chain to shorter-chain fatty acids in butter., RESULTS: Neither the amount nor type of fat consumed influenced plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 or t-plasminogen activator activities or D-dimer concentration. FVII:c increased by 12.5% (95% CI: 4.6%, 20.5%) after the high-fat meals at 3 h and by 6.7% (95% CI: 1.6%, 11.7%) at 7 h and changed 7 h after the low-fat meal by -14.3% (95% CI: -3.3%, -25.4%). The responses to the high-fat meals did not differ. Measurements of activated FVII (FVIIa), FVII zymogen, and activated FXII (FXIIa) concentrations made after the low-fat and high-oleate meals showed a significant increase in FVIIa only after the high-oleate meal., CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study confirm that FVII:c falls after a low-fat meal and suggests that postprandial activation of FVII occurs rapidly after a fat-rich meal without involving an increase in FXIIa.
Effect of dietary patterns on measures of lipid peroxidation: results from a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Free radical-mediated oxidative damage to lipids is thought to be an important process in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. Although previous studies have demonstrated a beneficial impact of antioxidant vitamin supplements on lipid peroxidation, the effect of dietary patterns on lipid peroxidation is unknown., METHODS AND RESULTS: During the 3-week run-in period of a randomized trial, 123 healthy individuals were fed a control diet, low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with 37% of calories from fat. Participants were then randomized to consume for 8 weeks: (1) the control diet, (2) a diet rich in fruits and vegetables but otherwise similar to the control diet, and (3) a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and reduced in fat. Serum oxygen radical-absorbing capacity, malondialdehyde (an in vitro measure of lipid peroxidation), and breath ethane (an in vivo measure of lipid peroxidation) were measured at the end of run-in and intervention periods. Between run-in and intervention, mean (95% CI) change in oxygen radical-absorbing capacity (U/mL) was -35 (-93, 13) in the control diet, 26 (-15, 67) in the fruits and vegetables diet (P=0.06 compared with control), and 19 (-22, 54) in the combination diet (P=0.10 compared with control). Median (interquartile range) change in ethane was 0.84 (0.10, 1.59) in the control diet, 0.02 (-0.61, 0.83) in the fruits and vegetables diet (P=0.04 compared with control), and -1.00 (-1.97, 0.25) in the combination diet (P=0.005 compared with control). Change in malondialdehyde did not differ between diets., CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that modification of diet can favorably affect serum antioxidant capacity and protect against lipid peroxidation.
Blood pressure and blood lipid levels among vegetarian, semi-vegetarian, and non-vegetarian native Africans.; BACKGROUND: Several epidemiological studies have implicated hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridaemia as a dietary risk factor in the etiology of vascular disease. To date, there are virtually no blood lipid data available for Negroid Black African Seventh-Day Adventist vegetarians. This study was undertaken to gain a preliminary and better understanding of the relationships between BP, blood lipids, and diets in adults at the Seventh-Day Adventist Seminary of West Africa, Ilisan-Remo, Nigeria., METHODS: Three randomly selected groups of the Nigerian populace with different dietary habits were investigated. The Seventh-Day Adventist Seminary of West Africa was the study area. Anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, serum cholesterol, triglycerides, and serum glucose were estimated using standard methods., FINDINGS: The vegetarians (VEGs) had significantly lower body weight 75.0 +/- 1.9 kg than the semi-vegetarians (SEMI-VEGs) 77.3 +/- 1.8 kg (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference between the blood pressure (BP) of the three groups studied, although the VEGs exhibited lower systolic BP. The VEGs had significantly lower serum total cholesterol and triglycerides (p < 0.05), than non-vegetarians (NON-VEGs). The SEMI-VEGs had blood triglycerides values in between NON-VEGs and VEGs levels but these were not significant. There were no differences in blood glucose in the three groups., CONCLUSIONS: The vegetarian diet as well as the African natural diet are associated with lower levels of important cardiovascular disease risk factors. The significantly lower cardiovascular disease risk factors in vegetarian African Adventists could be a protective measure against the development of premature IHD and CVD incidence.
[Utilization of transcutaneous anesthetics during heart catheterization].; OBJECTIVES: Assess the efficacy of an anesthetic cream for cardiac catheterization., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Percutaneous anesthesia was studied in a series of 100 consecutive patients undergoing cardiac catheterization. The anesthesia was composed with an eutetic mixture of local anesthetics and applied precisely over the puncture area in a randomized controlled study. After admission, patients were randomized into two groups: 50 patients received lidocaine infiltration and 50 patients received associated cream and infiltration. Percutaneous anesthesia was to be applied 2 hours before entering the operating room., RESULTS: No complication developed with this cream combined with lidocaine infiltration. Serum concentration indicated very low levels which were very well tolerated. Patient comfort improved with the anesthetic cream-lidocaine infiltration association., CONCLUSION: The use of an anesthetic cream is safe and effective, especially combined with lidocaine infiltration during cardiac catheterization. Cost is high and the association might be reserved for special indications (obesity, children).
Randomised trial to assess benefits and safety of vitamin A supplementation linked to immunisation in early infancy. WHO/CHD Immunisation-Linked Vitamin A Supplementation Study Group.; BACKGROUND: The benefits and safety of vitamin A supplementation linked to immunisation in infancy need to be assessed before it can be widely recommended. We assessed the safety and benefits of maternal postpartum and infant vitamin A supplementation administered with each of the three diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis (DPT) and poliomyelitis immunisations and with a fourth dose with measles immunisation., METHODS: From January, 1995, we enrolled 9424 mother-infant pairs from Ghana, India, and Peru in this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. 4716 mothers of infants in the vitamin A group received 200000 IU vitamin A, and their infants were given 25000 IU vitamin A with each of the first three doses of DPT/poliomyelitis immunisation at 6, 10, and 14 weeks. In the control group, 4708 mothers and their infants received placebo at the same times. At 9 months, with measles immunisation, infants in the vitamin A group were given a further dose of 25000 IU and those in the control group received 100000 IU vitamin A. Infants were followed up to age 12 months. The primary outcome measures were vitamin A status, signs of acute toxic effects, anthropometric indicators, and severe morbidity. Analysis was by intention to treat., FINDINGS: 3933 (93%) of the eligible 4212 infants on vitamin A and 3938 (93%) of the eligible 4227 controls received all four study doses. At the 6-month follow-up, there was a small decrease in vitamin A deficiency in the vitamin A group compared with controls (serum retinol < or =0.70 micromol/L 101 [29.9%] vs 122 [37.1%; 95% CI of the difference -14.3% to -0.2%]). This effect was no longer apparent at 9 and 12 months. There were no significant between-group differences in mortality throughout the study. The rate ratio to compare all deaths up to age 9 months in the two groups was 0.96 (95% CI 0.73 to 1.27). Fewer than 1% of the infants had bulging fontanelle. The intervention had no effect on anthropometric status, or on overall or severe morbidity., INTERPRETATION: The trial confirmed the safety of the intervention, but shows no sustained benefits in terms of vitamin A status beyond age 6 months or infant morbidity.
Replacement of partially hydrogenated soybean oil by palm oil in margarine without unfavorable effects on serum lipoproteins.; We have compared the effects of three different margarines, one based on palm oil (PALM-margarine), one based on partially hydrogenated soybean oil (TRANS-margarine) and one with a high content of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA-margarine), on serum lipids in 27 young women. The main purpose of the study was to test if replacement of trans fatty acids in margarine by palmitic acid results in unfavorable effects on serum lipids. The sum of saturated fatty acids (12:0, 14:0, 16:0) was 36.3% of total fatty acids in the PALM-diet, the same as the sum of saturated (12:0, 14:0, 16:0) (12.5%) and trans (23.1%) fatty acids in the TRANS-diet. This sum was 20.7% in the PUFA-diet. The content of oleic acid was 37.9, 35.2, and 38.6%, respectively, in the three diets, whereas linoleic acid amounted to 16, 13.5, and 27.3%, respectively. Total fat provided 30-31% and the test margarines 26% of total energy in all three diets. The subjects consumed each of the diets for 17 d in a Latin-square crossover design. There were no significant differences in total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and apolipoprotein B (apoB) between the TRANS- and the PALM-diets. High density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and apoA-1 were significantly higher on the PALM-diet compared to the TRANS-diet whereas the ratio of LDL-cholesterol to HDL-cholesterol was lower, although not significantly (P = 0.077) on the PALM-diet. Total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, and apoB were significantly lower on the PUFA-diet compared to the two other diets. HDL-cholesterol was not different on the PALM- and the PUFA-diets but it was significantly lower on the TRANS-diet compared to the PUFA diet. Compared to the PUFA-diet the ratio of LDL- to HDL-cholesterol was higher on both the PALM- and the TRANS-diets whereas apoA-1 was not different. Triglycerides and lipoprotein (a) were not significantly different among the three diets. We concluded that nutritionally, palmitic acid from palm oil may be a reasonable alternative to trans fatty acids from partially hydrogenated soybean oil in margarine if the aim is to avoid trans fatty acids. A palm oil-based margarine is, however, less favorable than one based on a more polyunsaturated vegetable oil.
Effects of margarine compared with those of butter on blood lipid profiles related to cardiovascular disease risk factors in normolipemic adults fed controlled diets.; Effects of butter and 2 types of margarine on blood lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were compared in a controlled diet study with 23 men and 23 women. Table spreads, added to a common basal diet, provided 8.3% of energy as fat. Diets averaged 34.6% of energy as fat and 15.5% as protein. Each diet was fed for 5 wk in a 3 x 3 Latin-square design. One margarine (TFA-M) approximated the average trans monoene content of trans fatty acid-containing margarines in the United States (17% trans fatty acids by dry wt). The other margarine (PUFA-M) was free of trans unsaturated fatty acids; it contained approximately twice the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of TFA-M (49% compared with 27% polyunsaturated fatty acids). The tub-type margarines had similar physical properties at ambient temperature. Fasting blood lipids and lipoproteins were determined in 2 samples taken from the subjects during the fifth week of each dietary treatment. Compared with butter, total cholesterol was 3.5% lower (P=0.009) after consumption of TFA-M and 5.4% lower (P< 0.001) after consumption of PUFA-M. Similarly, LDL cholesterol was 4.9% lower (P=0.005) and 6.7% lower (P< 0.001) after consumption of TFA-M and PUFA-M, respectively. Neither margarine differed from butter in its effect on HDL cholesterol or triacylglycerols. Thus, consumption of TFA-M or PUFA-M improved blood lipid profiles for the major lipoproteins associated with cardiovascular risk when compared with butter, with a greater improvement with PUFA-M than with TFA-M.
Modulation of abnormal colonic epithelial cell proliferation and differentiation by low-fat dairy foods: a randomized controlled trial.; CONTEXT: Before the development of human colonic neoplasms, colonic epithelial cells showed altered growth and differentiation. These alterations characterized mucosa at risk for cancer formation and were termed intermediate biomarkers of risk. Modifications of the mucosa toward more normal features by nutrients or drugs are putative approaches to chemoprevention of colon cancer., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether increasing calcium intake via dairy products alters colonic biomarkers toward normal., DESIGN: Randomized, single-blind, controlled study., SETTING: Outpatient clinic., PARTICIPANTS: Seventy subjects with a history of polypectomy for colonic adenomatous polyps., INTERVENTION: Low-fat dairy products containing up to 1200 mg/d of calcium. Subjects were randomized to 4 strata by diet (control vs higher calcium) and age (<60 vs > or = 60 years)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in total colonic epithelial cells and number and position of thymidine-labeled epithelial cells and changes in the ratio of sulfomucins (predominantly secreted by distal colorectal epithelial cells) to sialomucins and expression of cytokeratin AE1, 2 markers of colonic cell differentiation., RESULTS: During 6 and 12 months of treatment, reduction of colonic epithelial cell proliferative activity (P<.05), reduction in size of the proliferative compartment (P<.05), and restoration of acidic mucin (P<.02), cytokeratin AE1 distribution (P<.05), and nuclear size (P<.05) toward that of normal cells occurred. Control subjects showed no differences from baseline proliferative values at 6 and 12 months (P>.05)., CONCLUSION: Increasing the daily intake of calcium by up to 1200 mg via low-fat dairy food in subjects at risk for colonic neoplasia reduces proliferative activity of colonic epithelial cells and restores markers of normal cellular differentiation.
Effects of milk and milk products on rectal mucosal cell proliferation in humans.; Intake of dairy products and major dairy constituents (e.g., calcium) has been proposed to reduce the risk of colorectal cancer, although epidemiological studies have yielded inconclusive results. We conducted a randomized cross-over trial to test the effects of high- and low-dairy consumption diets on rectal mucosal proliferation, a possible intermediary marker for large bowel cancer. From a gastroenterology clinic at an academic medical center, we recruited 40 patients, ages 25-79 years, who had either a history of a large bowel adenoma or a first-degree relative with large bowel cancer. Participants completed a baseline questionnaire covering demographic characteristics, health history, and habits and a food frequency questionnaire. They were randomized to a 12-week diet of either high dairy intake (six dairy servings/day) or low dairy intake (<0.5 serving of dairy products/day), with an intervening 12-week washout period in which they were asked to resume their usual diet before crossing over to the alternate study diet for the last 12-week period of the study. Adherence to the study diets was monitored by a daily dairy intake checklist and periodic, unscheduled 24-h dietary recalls. Biopsies of the rectal mucosa were obtained at the beginning and end of each intervention phase. Two assays of rectal mucosal cell proliferation were performed: immunohistochemical determination of proliferating cell nuclear antigen and whole crypt mitotic count. We found no statistically significant changes in either of these proliferation measures as a result of high or low dairy intake. There was no correlation between the labeling index for proliferating cell nuclear antigen and whole crypt mitotic count; however, measures of the location and intensity of cell proliferation within the rectal crypt were highly correlated between the two assays. Thus, our study indicates that greater consumption of dairy products over a 12-week period does not change rectal mucosal cell proliferation.
Dietary calcium, calcium supplementation, and blood pressure in African American adolescents.; BACKGROUND: Intake of calcium from the diet is inversely associated with blood pressure in observational studies and animal models but randomized trials in humans have found only small effects of calcium supplementation on blood pressure. A blood pressure-lowering effect of calcium supplementation may thus be restricted to persons with a low intake of calcium from the diet and specific genetic or other characteristics., OBJECTIVE: A randomized trial was conducted to assess the effect of calcium supplementation on blood pressure in African American adolescents. Rapid growth during adolescence may increase calcium requirements, and avoidance of milk and milk products by some African Americans can result in low intake of calcium., DESIGN: One hundred sixteen adolescents (65 girls, 51 boys; mean age: 15.8 y) were given calcium (1.5 g/d) or placebo for 8 wk in a randomized, double-blind, crossover design. Blood pressure was measured after 2, 4, and 8 wk. Dietary calcium was determined with a validated food-frequency questionnaire., RESULTS: The net effect (+/-SE) of calcium supplementation on diastolic blood pressure was a reduction of 1.9 +/- 1.1 mm Hg (P = 0.04, one-tailed t test). Blood pressure reduction was greater in adolescents with lower intake of calcium from the diet (P = 0.003, one-tailed t test for interaction): -4.9 +/- 1.6, -2.3 +/- 1.6, and 1.4 +/- 1.8 mm Hg for change in the lower (0.024-0.067 g Ca/MJ), middle (0.069-0.091 g Ca/MJ), and upper (0.093-0.217 g Ca/MJ) tertiles, respectively. No main effect on systolic blood pressure was detected., CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that calcium supplementation may lower diastolic blood pressure in African American adolescents with low dietary intakes of calcium.
Growth and body composition of preterm infants: influence of nutrient fortification of mother's milk in hospital and breastfeeding post-hospital discharge.; We examined the influence of multi-nutrient fortification of mother's milk (MM + MNF) compared to supplementation with calcium and phosphorus (MM + CaGP) alone in hospital (in a randomized trial), and of breastfeeding (post-MM) compared to formula feeding (post-FF ) after hospital discharge with a descriptive analysis of growth and body composition to 1 y corrected age in preterm infants. Anthropometry, nutrient intakes and whole body bone mineral content, lean and fat mass were determined at four time points in the first year after term corrected age. Body composition was determined with dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. MM + MNF compared to MM + CaGP for preterm infants in the early neonatal period did not appear to influence growth or body composition in the first year. Growth in post-MM and post-FF groups was within the normal range of growth references derived from term infants fed mother's milk. Post-MM infants had lower whole body bone mineral content (132.3 +/- 10.4 g) at 6 months corrected age when compared to post-FF infants (159.4 +/- 14.1 g) and greater percent fat mass to 12 months corrected age. These differences may result from the lower calcium, phosphorus and protein intakes in post-MM compared to post-FF infants. Our findings demonstrate that dietary practices after hospital discharge likely have a greater impact on body composition in prematurely born infants than dietary practices in hospital. Whether the observed differences in body composition between breastfed and formula-fed preterm infants have any long-term consequences requires further investigation.
Oil blends containing partially hydrogenated or interesterified fats: differential effects on plasma lipids.; We compared the effects on plasma lipids of margarines containing either a trans fatty acid- (TFA)-free hard fraction achieved through interesterification (from primarily saturated fatty acids) or a partially hydrogenated hard fraction. Thirty-eight mildly hyperlipidemic subjects consumed a low-fat diet for 2 wk. They were then allocated to 2 groups and underwent 3 dietary interventions for 3 wk each in random order (diets contained 35% of energy as fat with 20% of energy as margarines or butter): group 1 (n = 18), butter, canola oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free canola oil blend: group 2 (n = 19), butter, polyunsaturated oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend. Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations after consumption of all oil blends and after the low-fat diet were not significantly different, but were 11-15% lower than after butter (P < 0.001). Whereas the canola oil blends did not differ from each other in their effects on lipoprotein profiles, the TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend resulted in a significant 6% reduction (-0.25 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.08, -0.42) in total and LDL cholesterol compared with the blend containing TFAs (P = 0.006). In the canola oil blend, 10% TFAs and 6% oleic acid were replaced by approximately 14% saturated fatty acids plus a 2% increase in linoleic acid. In the polyunsaturated oil blend, 10% TFAs and 5% linoleic acid were replaced by a 10% increase in saturated fatty acids as well as 3% and 1% increases in oleic and linolenic acids, respectively. We conclude that, compared with butter, TFA-free margarines may be equal to or more effective than margarines containing TFAs in lowering LDL cholesterol.
What are the parameters for predictive selection of patients requiring anesthesia for extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy?.; OBJECTIVE: Additional anesthesia is required to minimize the tolerable pain level in efficiently performed extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy (ESWL) with electrohydraulic and electromagnetic sources. In order to assess optimum anesthesia for each patient undergoing a standardized ESWL protocol, pain measurement and scoring were carried out. We attempted to determine the individual type and amount of analgesia prior to treatment., METHODS: Patients (n = 95) with urolithiasis underwent pain measurement and scoring prior to ESWL. 'Threshold of pain' (TP) and 'maximal tolerable pain (MTP) were assessed by inducing ischemia pain with the submaximum effort tourniquet technique. Pain intensity was assessed by a verbal rating scale (VRS). The results of pain measurement and amount of analgosedation were correlated in two phases. Patients were administered an oral premedication of 0.1 mg/kg midazolam. Phase 1: 60 patients were randomized into three groups: (1) piritramide (0.1-0.3 mg/kg) and midazolam (1-3 mg) i.v. (2) Lidocaine/prilocaine cream topically (30 g) to skin and diclofenac supp. 100 mg. (3) No analgesia. Phase 2: Based on the data of phase 1, cut-off points for TP and MTP were set for female and male patients. In accordance with these results, 35 patients comprised group 1 for anesthesia with piritramide/midazolam, group 2 with lidocaine/prilocaine cream and diclofenac supp. and group 3 for no analgesia at all. The electromagnetic shockwave sources Modulith SLX and Lithostar Plus were utilized., RESULTS: Phase 1: All patients randomized for group 1 (intravenous analgosedation) were treated in accordance with the protocol. 65% of group 2 (cream/suppository) tolerated treatment as planned. 35% of patients selected for ESWL without analgesia (group 3) remained within this group. Patients requiring additional analgosedation displayed lower TP and MTP. The cut-off points for females and males were TP >/=25/35 s and MTP >/=45/60 s, respectively. Phase 2: 20/35 patients were preselected for a nonintravenous protocol. Five out of these 20 violated the protocol. The rate of additionally administered analgesia was lower than in phase 1: 35:10% in group 2 (cream/supp.), 65:40% in group 3 (no analgesia)., CONCLUSIONS: The TP and MTP levels are lower in patients requiring stronger analgesia. The determined parameters are suitable for patient preselection and individual assessment of anesthesia prior to ESWL. It may be assumed that 50% of patients administered intravenous opioids are overtreated. Routine pain measurement for patient depends on the individual pain tolerance level. A third phase of this study recruiting a large number of patients will contribute to the confirmation of these results.
Effects of a milk product, fermented by Lactobacillus acidophilus and with fructo-oligosaccharides added, on blood lipids in male volunteers.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate in adult male volunteers the effect of a new fermented milk product, fermented by Lactobacillus acidophilus and with fructo-oligosaccharides added, on blood lipids., DESIGN: Randomized placebo-controlled double-blind two-way cross over trial with two treatment periods of three weeks, separated by a wash-out period of one week., SETTING: the study was performed at the TNO Nutrition and Food Research Institute in Zeist, The Netherlands. SUBECTS: Thirty normal healthy men, aged 33-64y (mean serum total cholesterol level: 5.23 +/- 1.03 (s.d.)), were selected for this study. Normal health was assessed by pre study screening. All subjects were used to an average Dutch food pattern., INTERVENTIONS: During the treatment periods subjects consumed three times daily a 125 ml of either test or reference product as a part of their habitual diet. The test product was a milk, fermented by yogurt starters and Lactobacillus acidophilus, and contained 2.5% fructo-oligosaccharides, 0.5% vegetable oil and 0.5% milk fat. The reference product was a traditional yogurt (milk fermented only by yogurt strains), containing 1% milk fat. Blood samples for serum lipid analysis and blood glucose measurements were taken before the start of the experiment and at the end of both treatment periods., RESULTS: As compared to the reference product, consumption of the test product resulted in significantly lower values for serum total cholesterol (P < 0.001), LDL-cholesterol (P < 0.005), and the LDL/HDL-ratio (P < 0.05) by 4.4, 5.4 and 5.3% respectively. Levels of serum HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides and blood glucose remained essentially unchanged. The beneficial effects of the test product on serum cholesterol were largely related to an increase of this parameter during the consumption of the reference product., CONCLUSIONS: As compared to traditional yogurt, daily consumption of three times 125 ml of test product specifically lowered serum LDL-cholesterol levels in normal healthy male adult subjects with borderline elevated levels of serum total cholesterol within three weeks.
Comparison of three fatty meals in healthy normolipidaemic men: high post-prandial retinyl ester response to soybean oil.; BACKGROUND: Oral fat tolerance tests (FTTs) have been widely used as a tool to investigate post-prandial lipaemia. However, there is no consensus regarding the type and amount of fat used in the tests., METHODS: We compared three commonly used FTTs, each containing 63 g of fat: a mixed meal, a liquid cream meal and a liquid soybean oil meal. The study group consisted of 10 healthy normolipidaemic men. We measured triglycerides (TGs), retinyl esters (REs), apolipoprotein E (apoE), apolipoprotein B-48 (apoB-48) and apolipoprotein B-100 (apoB-100) in plasma and in triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) fractions separated by density-gradient ultracentrifugation at baseline and 3, 4, 6, and 8 h after the FTTs., RESULTS: We observed similar TGs, apoE, apoB-48 and apoB-100 responses after all three FTTs, despite the different fatty acid composition of the meals. In contrast, the commonly used marker for exogenous particles, RE, differed clearly when polyunsaturated (soybean oil) and saturated fat (cream or mixed meal) were used. The RE response in plasma (P < 0.005, repeated measures ANOVA), in chylomicrons (P < 0.013) and in very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) 1 (P < 0.017), as well as the RE area under the incremental curve in plasma and chylomicron fractions, were markedly increased after the soybean oil meal compared with the mixed meal and cream meal tests. The peak of RE response occurred parallel to the responses of other markers (i.e. TG or apoB-48) of post-prandial TRL during soybean oil meal. In contrast, RE peak concentration was delayed after saturated fat-containing meals. After soybean oil, FTT plasma cholesterol concentration was lower and the chylomicron cholesterol concentration was higher compared with mixed or cream meals, but no differences were detected in post-prandial high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentration., CONCLUSION: When the amount of fat is similar, post-prandial responses of TG, apoE, apoB-48, apoB-100 and HDL-cholesterol were comparable after different FTTs.
Comparison of self-report of reduced fat and salt foods with sales and supply data.; OBJECTIVE: Examine the validity of self-reported use of reduced fat and reduced salt foods., DESIGN: Compare data collected in a food frequency questionnaire with supermarket sales data and food supply data., SETTING: Rural Australia., SUBJECTS: Four hundred and fifty-three respondents from an original sample of 1616 randomly-selected residents., INTERVENTIONS: Community health campaign to reduce cardiovascular disease., RESULTS: Reported use of reduced fat and reduced salt foods was greater than store sales and milk deliveries of these products., CONCLUSIONS: External data did not support the validity of self-reported use of these products.
Plant sterol-enriched margarines and reduction of plasma total- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.; OBJECTIVES: To compare effects on plasma total-, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations of margarines enriched with different vegetable oil sterols or sitostanol-ester., DESIGN: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled balanced incomplete Latin square design with five treatments and four periods of 3.5 weeks. Margarines enriched with sterols from soybean, sheanut or ricebran oil or with sitostanol-ester were compared to a non-enriched control margarine. Sterol intake was between 1.5-3.3 g/d. Two thirds of the soybean oil sterols were esterified to fatty acids., SETTING: Unilever Research Laboratory, Vlaardingen, The Netherlands., SUBJECTS: One hundred healthy non-obese normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers aged 45+/-12.8 y, with plasma total cholesterol levels below 8 mmol/L at entry., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma lipid, carotenoid and sterol concentrations, blood clinical chemistry and haematology, fatty acid composition of plasma cholesterylesters and food intake., RESULTS: Ninety-five volunteers completed the study. None of the margarines induced adverse changes in blood clinical chemistry, serum total bile acids or haematology. Plasma total- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly reduced by 8-13% (0.37-0.44 mmol/L) compared to control for margarines enriched in soybean oil sterol-esters or sitostanol-ester. No effect on HDL-cholesterol concentrations occurred. The LDL- to HDL-cholesterol ratio was reduced by 0.37 and 0.33 units for these margarines, respectively. Effects on blood lipids did not differ between normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Plasma sitosterol and campesterol levels were significantly higher for the soybean oil sterol margarine and significantly lower for the sitostanol-ester margarine compared to control. Dietary intake was very similar across treatments. The fatty acid composition of plasma cholesterylesters confirmed the good compliance to the treatment. All sterol enriched margarines reduced lipid-standardized plasma alpha- plus beta-carotene levels. Plasma lycopene levels were also reduced but this effect was not significant for all products., CONCLUSIONS: A margarine with sterol-esters from soybean oil, mainly esters from sitosterol, campesterol and stigmasterol, is as effective as a margarine with sitostanol-ester in lowering blood total- and LDL-cholesterol levels without affecting HDL-cholesterol concentrations. Incorporation in edible fat containing products of such substances may substantially reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in the population.
Efficacy of milk versus yogurt offered as part of a mixed diet in acute noncholera diarrhea among malnourished children.; We compared the clinical outcome of acute diarrhea in 96 malnourished boys (aged 4 to 47 months) receiving full-strength milk compared with yogurt offered as part of a mixed diet. All had weight for height less than or equal to 80% of the National Centre for Health Statistics median. They were randomly assigned to receive milk formula (MF; 67 cal/100 ml) or yogurt formula (YF; prepared from the same milk formula) at the rate of 120 ml/kg body weight in seven divided feedings. Stool-reducing substances (> 1%) were detected more frequently in the MF group, and the differences were significant for day 3 of the study (p = 0.04). However, the geometric mean (95% confidence interval) of the total stool weights (gm/kg) during 0 to 72 hours (MF 128.8 [103, 161.4]; YF 110.9 [87, 142.2]) was comparable (p = 0.37) as was the median (range) duration of diarrhea (hours) (MF 45 [4, 183]; YF 52 [7, 173] p = 0.94). The treatment failure rates in the MF (8.2%) and YF (6.3%) groups were also similar (p = 0.67). The children consuming milk had higher median percent weight gain at the end of 72 hours of the study (p = 0.04) and at recovery (p = 0.02). Routine substitution of yogurt as small frequent feedings as an addition for semisolid food to malnourished children with acute diarrhea does not achieve any significant clinical benefit versus milk.
Lipid content and essential fatty acid (EFA) composition of mature Congolese breast milk are influenced by mothers' nutritional status: impact on infants' EFA supply.; OBJECTIVE: To measure the lipid content and the fatty acid (FA) composition of breast milk as part of a nutritional survey of the essential fatty acid (EFA) status of 5 months old Congolese infants., DESIGN: Cross sectional nutrition survey., SETTING: A suburban district of Brazzaville (capital of the Congo)., SUBJECTS: A random sample of nursing mothers and their 5 months old infants (n = 102). Data collection procedures: The mothers were questioned on their socio-economic status, dietary habits, and their body mass index (BMI) was measured. Breast milk samples were collected from each mother. Milk lipid content and fatty acid composition were determined., RESULTS: Compared with milk from various countries, Congolese women's mature breast milk was low in lipid (28.70+/-11.33 g/L) but rich in 8:0-14:0 FAs (25.97+/-8.17% of total FAs) and in polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs), particularly n-3 PUFAs (2.39+/-0.68% of total FAs, mainly 18:3 and 22:6). This was associated with the frequent consumption of high-carbohydrate foods (processed cassava roots, wheat bread, doughnuts) known to enhance 8:0-14:0 FA biosynthesis, and with that of foods providing n-6 and n-3 EFAs such as freshwater and saltwater fish, vegetable oil, green leafy vegetables, and high-fat fruit (peanuts, avocado, bushbutter). These foods were traditionally and locally produced. Milk lipid content was negatively related with mothers' BMI (P < 0.01) and varied with the frequency of consumption of certain foods corresponding to distinct dietary patterns., CONCLUSIONS: Lipid content and FA composition of Congolese breast milk were dependent on mother's nutritional status. However, despite an adequate EFA composition of breast milk, partially breast-fed 5 months old Congolese infants probably did not get enough n-6 and n-3 EFAs from breast milk to meet their EFA requirements.
Treatment of genital warts with an immune-response modifier (imiquimod).; BACKGROUND: Genital warts are a common sexually transmitted disease caused by human papillomavirus. Imiquimod is a novel immune-response modifier capable of inducing a variety of cytokines, including interferon alfa, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, as well as interleukins 1, 6, and 8. In animal models imiquimod has demonstrated antiviral, antitumor, and adjuvant activity. In vitro, imiquimod has no antiviral or antitumor activity., OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to determine the safety and efficacy of topical imiquimod for the treatment of external genital warts., METHODS: This prospective double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel design clinical trial was performed in three outpatient centers, a public health clinic, a university-based clinic, and a private practice. One hundred eight patients with external genital warts (predominantly white men) were entered into the trial. Fifty-one patients were randomly selected to receive 5% imiquimod cream; 57 patients were randomly chosen to receive placebo cream. Study medication was applied three times weekly for up to 8 weeks. Patients whose warts cleared completely were observed for up to 10 weeks to determine recurrence rates., RESULTS: In the intent-to-treat analysis, the warts of 37% (19 of 51) of the imiquimod-treated patients and 0% (0 of 57) of the placebo group cleared completely (p < 0.001). In addition, many patients experienced a partial response. A reduction in baseline wart area of 80% or more was observed in 62% of imiquimod-treated patients (28 of 45) and 4% of the placebo group (2 of 50) (p < 0.001); a 50% reduction or more in wart area was noted in 76% of imiquimod-treated patients (34 of 45) and 8% of placebo recipients (4 of 50) (p < 0.001). Of imiquimod-treated patients whose warts cleared completely and who finished the 10-week follow-up period, 19% (3 of 16) experienced recurrences of warts. Imiquimod-treated patients experienced a significantly greater number of local inflammatory reactions than the placebo group. Symptoms and signs associated with the local inflammatory reactions included itching (54.2%), erythema (33.3%), burning (31.3%), irritation (16.7%), tenderness (12.5%), ulceration (10.4%), erosion (10.4%), and pain (8.3%). There were no differences in systemic reactions or laboratory abnormalities between treatment groups., CONCLUSION: Topical 5% imiquimod cream appears to have a significant therapeutic effect in the treatment of external genital warts.
Effect of modified dairy fat on postprandial and fasting plasma lipids and lipoproteins in healthy young men.; Fatty acid profile of milk fat can be modified by cow feeding strategies. Our aim was postprandially and after 4 wk to compare the effect of a modified milk fat (M diet) [with 16% of the cholesterolemic saturated fatty acid (C12-16) replaced by mainly oleic and stearic acids] with the effect of D diet, including a conventional Danish milk fat on plasma lipids and lipoproteins. A side effect of the cow feeding regime was a 5% (w/w) increase in trans fatty acid in M diet. Eighteen subjects were fed for two periods of 4 wk strictly controlled isoenergetic test diets with 40% of energy from total fat and the same content of dietary cholesterol in a randomized study with cross-over design. Contrary to expectations, fasting low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentration did not differ after the experimental periods. However, M diet resulted in a higher fasting total triacylglycerol concentration compared to D diet (P = 0.009). Postprandial samples were taken at two different occasions (i) at day 21, after breakfast and lunch and (ii) on the last day of the study 2, 4, 6, and 8 h after a fat load. Postprandial plasma triacylglycerol and chylomicron triacylglycerol showed higher peak values after D diet than M diet (interaction effect, diet x times P < 0.05). In conclusion, M diet did not lower LDL cholesterol compared to D diet. Thus any cholesterol-lowering effect of oleic and stearic acids may have been obscured by the high content of cholesterol-raising saturated fatty acids in milk fat. A higher content of the trans fatty acids in M diet might have counteracted the cholesterol neutral/decreasing effect and increased plasma triacylglycerol.
Reduction of serum cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in a juvenile population after isocaloric substitution of whole milk with a milk preparation (skimmed milk enriched with oleic acid).; OBJECTIVE: To study the effects of serum lipid levels by isocaloric substitution of whole milk intake in a group of children with a milk preparation (fat-free milk enriched with oleic acid containing a small amount of cholesterol) that is frequently consumed in our community., DESIGN: A crossover clinical trial was carried out with random selection. There were 88 children of both sexes, ranging in age from 3 to 9 years, selected at a Primary Care Center. The children were divided into two homogeneous groups. The first group consumed whole milk for the first 7-month study period, whereas the second group drank the milk substitute. At the end of the first test period, serum lipid levels were measured. Then the type of diet was reversed: Group 1 children consumed the milk substitute whereas Group 2 children drank whole milk. The rest of their intake did not vary throughout the study. At the end of the second 7-month period we measured serum lipid levels again. The levels of serum lipid evaluated were total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, Apoprotein A1, Apoprotein B, and lipoprotein (a). For the statistical analysis the nonpaired and paired t tests were used., RESULTS: The mean level of cholesterol after taking whole milk was 4.53 mmol/L (175.26 mg/dl), and the mean level after taking the milk preparation was 4.2 mmol/L (162.65 mg/dl), which indicates a 7.2% decrease. The mean level of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol after whole milk intake was 2.73 mmol/L (106.1 mg/dl), whereas after consuming the milk preparation it was 2.47 mmol/L (96.1 mg/dl), which indicates a decrease of 9.5%. Triglycerides were reduced from 0.83 mmol/L (73.53 mg/dl) after whole milk to 0.72 mmol/L (63.79 mg/dl) after the milk substitute, which suggests a 13.25% decrease. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apoprotein A1, apoprotein B, and lipoprotein (a) did not undergo any significant change., CONCLUSIONS: To reduce serum levels of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, without reducing caloric intake, it may be beneficial to substitute the whole milk customarily consumed by children with a milk preparation of fat-free milk enriched with oleic acid.
[Saturated and monounsaturated fats in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes. Different effects on blood glucose and insulin response in NIDDM].; To compare the metabolic effect of co-ingestion of saturated and monounsaturated fat with potato, 12 NIDDM subjects received 300 g mashed potato alone or in combination with 40 g olive oil, 50 g butter or 100 g butter, respectively. Blood glucose response area to potatoes with 100 g butter (448 +/- 68 mmol/L x 240 min) was significantly lower than to the four other meals: 596 +/- 63 (potato alone), 649 +/- 82 (potato + 40 g olive oil), 587 +/- 80 (potato + 50 g butter), and 604 +/- 81 (potato + 80 g olive oil) mmol/L x 240 min, p < 0.05, respectively. The insulin response was significantly increased by adding 50 g and 100 g butter, whereas no effect after addition of 40 g and 80 g olive oil was found. The free fatty acid (FFA) level was higher when 100 g butter was added to the potato meal than without (0.67 +/- 0.05 vs 0.48 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, p < 0.05). The triglyceride response increased dose-dependently with the fat content of the meals irrespective of the type of fat. In conclusion butter increases the insulin response in patients with NIDDM more than olive oil, and large amounts also increase FFA and triglyceride levels.
Growth and nutrient intake in three- to twelve-month-old infants fed human milk or formulas with varying protein concentrations.; BACKGROUND: Results on growth and nutrient intake in infants in the second half of infancy fed human milk or formulas with varying protein concentrations in combination with supplementary foods have not previously been reported., METHODS: Seventy-one healthy infants were studied from 3 to 12 months of age. They were exclusively breast-fed until 3 months and were then randomly assigned to one of three feeding groups, F13, F15, or F18, indicating formulas with 13, 15 or 18 g/l of protein, respectively. Formula was gradually introduced when breast-feeding was terminated. Infants fed breast milk only were included in the breast-fed group, and those with breast milk and formula were included in the mixed-fed group. The same supplementary foods were provided to all infants., RESULTS: There were no differences in growth between the feeding groups. Total protein intake exceeded minimum recommendations in all groups at all ages and was higher at 6 months in F18 than in F13 (2.3 vs. 1.9 g/kg per day; p < 0.01), whereas formula protein intake was higher at all ages in F18 compared with F13. Intake of protein from supplementary foods increased, but that from formula decreased between 6 and 12 months in all groups., CONCLUSIONS: Intake of breast milk or infant formula with 13 g/l of protein along with high-protein supplementary foods provided enough protein with no adverse effect on growth. Infants fed formulas with higher protein concentrations had similar growth, despite higher intakes of formula protein.
Behavioural dynamics of a clinical trial of sunscreens for reducing solar keratoses in Victoria, Australia.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the behaviour of participants based on perception of treatment group in a randomised trial contributed to clinical outcome., DESIGN: A double blind randomised controlled trial of the effect of daily application of SPF 17 broad spectrum sunscreen cream (or placebo) on solar keratoses., SETTING: A rural city in Victoria, Australia. Residents aged 40 years or over were invited by letter to attend for a skin cancer screening check. Of these, 588 people with between one and 30 solar keratoses enrolled in the trial and 431 completed the trial, which extended over a six month period that included summer. Participants ' perceptions of their treatment allocation, adherence with the treatment regimen, adoption of other sun protection behaviours, side effects, and perceptions of change in condition were measured at two monthly intervals., RESULTS: There were no significant differences between those who completed the study and those that did not for sex, age, treatment group, skin type, number of solar keratoses or correct perception of treatment group. Thirty per cent of those completing the study correctly guessed their treatment allocation, and people were just as likely to be right as to be wrong when they stated their opinion about their treatment allocation (z = 1.04; p = 0.15). Study group, skin type, amount of time spent outdoors, presence of side effects, perceptions of change in skin condition did not significantly predict correct perception of treatment allocation. Multivariate analysis of variance indicated that adoption of other sun protection and adherence with cream use were not significantly affected by actual treatment allocation, correct perception of treatment allocation nor by their interaction. Poisson regression analysis showed a significantly lower difference ratio of solar keratoses in the sunscreen group compared with the placebo base cream group (OR 0.55; CI = 0.46, 0.64), and for women compared with men (OR = 0.76; CI = 0.63, 0.93) but no independent effect of any of the indices of other sun protection or adherence., CONCLUSIONS: A sufficient level of commitment to study procedures was achieved, so that trial participants did not adopt other behaviours that affected treatment outcomes. It is recommended that the potential threat to validity posed by the behaviour of participants be recognised at an early stage in planning of clinical trials, so that strategies to deal with this can be integrated into study protocols.
[Effectiveness of local anesthesia using EMLA cream for laser treatment of cervical and vulvar lesions].; The efficacy of the anesthesia by the Emla cream (a mixture of lydocaine and prylocaine) has been tested on the cervix uteri and the vulva before laser treatment of warts and intraepithelial neoplasia. Five of the six women treated for vulvar warts did not feel any pain during laser treatment after the application of the cream. On the cervix, the pain was evaluated on a median of 9 on a visual scale going from 0 to 100, compared to a median of 25 for women treated without local anesthesia. The efficacy of local anesthesia was best after 4 minutes. The local anesthesia by the Emla cream seems to constitute a real progress in the patient's tolerance of local destructive treatment of cervical and vulvar warts and intraepithelial neoplasia.
Topical anesthesia for line insertion in very low birth weight infants.; OBJECTIVE: This pilot study was designed to assess the impact of topical lidocaine and prilocaine cream on the pain response of very low birth weight infants undergoing percutaneous central venous line insertion., STUDY DESIGN: Infants were randomly assigned to receive 1 to 1.25 gm of the topical anesthetic or to receive zinc oxide placebo 1 hour before line insertion. Investigators blinded to treatment group assignment obtained serial measurements of heart rate, respiratory rate, systolic blood pressure, and oxygen saturation by pulse oximetry. Toxicity from lidocaine was assessed by clinical parameters, and toxic effects from prilocaine were assessed by methemoglobin levels (normal range 0% to 4%)., RESULTS: Hearts rates increased significantly during line insertion in controls (n = 6) but not in treated patients (n = 7). Respiratory rates and blood pressure values increased significantly during line insertion in both groups. Oxygen saturation did not change significantly in either group. The percent of increase in heart and respiratory rates from baseline was attenuated in the treated patients compared with controls. Methemoglobin levels were 0.3% to 2.0% for the treated group and 0.3% to 0.7% for controls., CONCLUSION: The topical lidocaine and prilocaine cream application attenuated the lability of vital signs during line insertion in very low birth weight infants, with no evidence of toxicity.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of modified animal fats in postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: In an attempt to improve the nutritional value of animal fats (including milkfat and lard), two technological approaches (i.e., cholesterol removal by steam distillation and linoleic acid enrichment by addition of safflower oil) were tested for cholesterolemic effects in a cohort of 29 older women (age 68 +/- 7 years)., METHODS: Test fat sources were incorporated into crackers, cookies, cheese, ice cream, whipped topping, sour cream, baking shortening, and table spreads. Subjects were permanent residents of a convent where meals were prepared in a centralized kitchen, allowing test fats to be provided in daily food menu items. The foods containing test fats were introduced into three sequential dietary treatment periods, each lasting 4 weeks, in the following order: cholesterol-reduced animal fat (CRAF): fatty-acid modified, cholesterol-reduced animal fat (FAMCRAF); and-unaltered animal fat (AF). Subjects were offered menu items cafeteria style and encouraged to make food selections consistent with their habitual diets, which were recorded daily., RESULTS: Fasted blood lipid profiles determined at the end of each treatment period showed that FAMCRAF reduced mean plasma total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B concentrations relative to AF (p < 0.05). Mean HDL cholesterol concentrations were not influenced by diet., DISCUSSION: Relative to native products, animal fats modified by cholesterol removal and linoleic acid enrichment reduced plasma total and LDL cholesterol concentrations in a predictable manner similar to that based on studies of men.
Impact of gender, apolipoprotein E phenotypes, and diet on serum lipids and lipoproteins in infancy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the influence of gender, apolipoprotein E phenotypes, and diet on the interindividual variances in serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in children at 7 and 13 months of age., STUDY DESIGN: Prospective randomized intervention trial. Half of 1062 families with 7-month-old infants received dietary and lifestyle counseling aimed at partially replacing saturated fat with mono- and polyunsaturated fat and reducing exposure to other known atherosclerosis risk factors. This study comprises all trial children who at 8 months of age received, in addition to solid food, only breast milk or only formula (N = 553). Forward stepwise multiple regression analysis was used in the evaluation of the contributions of gender, apolipoprotein E phenotype, and diet., RESULTS: Apolipoprotein E phenotypes, gender, and milk type provided independent information concerning serum lipid values at 7 and 13 months of age (three-way ANOVA, p < 0.01). At 7 months, milk type was the most significant predictor of total, non-high-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B and A1 concentrations. At 13 months when the effects of gender (5%) and apolipoprotein E type (5%) were excluded, diet predicted only 2% of the variance in serum cholesterol concentration. The apolipoprotein E type predicted 8% of the variance in non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration and 7% of the variance in apolipoprotein B concentration (p < 0.001), together explaining only 3% of the variance in serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A1 concentrations., CONCLUSIONS: At 7 months of age diet is an important predictor of serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations. At the age of 13 months the apolipoprotein E phenotype significantly predicts the concentrations of serum non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B. However, at both ages apolipoprotein E phenotype, gender, and diet together explain only from 1.4% to 15.5% of the variance in serum lipids and apolipoproteins, suggesting that other, presumably genetic, factors are major determinants.
Reduction of serum cholesterol in postmenopausal women with previous myocardial infarction and cholesterol malabsorption induced by dietary sitostanol ester margarine: women and dietary sitostanol.; BACKGROUND: Reduction of serum cholesterol decreases mortality in primary and especially in secondary prevention. We investigated how effectively postmenopausal women with a previous myocardial infarction reduced their serum cholesterol with dietary means by using sitostanol ester rapeseed oil margarine, alone and in combination with statins, and to what extent cholesterol metabolism was affected., METHODS AND RESULTS: The first study group consisted of 22 randomly chosen women with angiographically documented coronary artery disease. Baseline studies on home diet were followed by double-blind, randomized, cross-over studies on margarine without and with sitostanol (3 g/d) ester for 7 weeks in random order. A second group of 10 women on simvastatin consumed sitostanol ester margarine for 12 weeks. Sitostanol ester margarine lowered serum total cholesterol by 13% (P<.05) and LDL cholesterol by 20% (P<.01). Sitostanol ester margarine reduced total cholesterol in all patients, LDL cholesterol <2.6 mmol/L (<100 mg/dL) in 32%, and <3.4 mmol/L (<133 mg/dL) in 73% versus none and 27% during the home diet (P<.01 for both). Combined with simvastatin, sitostanol still reduced total and LDL cholesterol by 11+/-3% and 16+/-5% (P<.01 for both). Sitostanol reduced absorption (-45%), increased fecal elimination (+45% as neutral sterols), and stimulated synthesis (+39%) of cholesterol. High cholestanol and plant sterol (high cholesterol absorption) and low baseline precursor sterol proportions (low cholesterol synthesis) predicted high decreases in serum cholesterol., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary use of sitostanol ester margarine normalizes LDL cholesterol in about one third of women with previous myocardial infarction, especially in those with high baseline absorption and low synthesis of cholesterol, and in combination with statins reduces the needed drug dose.
Whey deionization method of infant formula affects plasma lipids.; BACKGROUND: Casein has proved to be hypercholesterolemic. According to results of previous studies, the casein-to-whey ratio in infant formula influences plasma lipid profile. This study explored whether different methods of whey deionization also affect levels of plasma lipids., METHODS: Two types of a whey-predominant (whey 60%:casein 40%) formula which differed only in the methods used for whey deionization (ultrafiltration or electrodialysis), were fed to healthy newborn infants for 60 days, using a prospective, double-blind, randomized design. Formulas were otherwise identical in composition., RESULTS: Groups were similar in gestational age, gender, birth weight, and growth parameters. Evaluation of fasting plasma levels after 60 days revealed significantly higher values of total cholesterol (p < 0.001) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < 0.001) in infants fed ultrafiltrated whey compared with the same values in infants fed electrodialyzed whey. Plasma levels in the two groups of very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides revealed no statistically significant differences., CONCLUSIONS: Plasma lipid profile in infancy is influenced by dietary protein, not only by the casein-to-whey ratio, but also by the method of whey deionization.
Shift from a dairy product-rich to a dairy product-free diet: influence on cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of fecal water--potential risk factors for colon cancer.; Several epidemiologic studies have suggested that dairy product intake is associated with a decreased incidence of colon cancer. To determine whether the cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of the aqueous portion of human stool (two potential risk markers for the disease) were affected by a change in dairy product intake, 18 healthy male and female volunteers were randomly divided into two groups. In a crossover design, the volunteers shifted from their normal dairy product-rich diet to a dairy product-free diet. Nutritional analysis of the food consumed during the study period showed a significant decrease in energy intake from 9000 to 7866 kJ/d because of a decreased intake of protein and fat. Carbohydrate and fiber intakes remained unchanged during the intervention. Calcium intake decreased significantly from 1488 to 372 mg/d, with similar significant decreases in phosphate and vitamin D intakes. Cytotoxicity of fecal water, analyzed by the HT-29 cytotoxicity assay, indicated a significant decrease in cell survival from 34% to 20% when dairy products were excluded from the participants' diets. Single-cell gel electrophoresis (COMET assay), used to analyze genotoxicity of fecal waters, indicated no differences brought about by the dietary intervention. In conclusion, our findings indicate that a shift from a dairy product-rich to a dairy product-free diet resulted in a significant effect on an accepted risk marker for colon cancer and may suggest that the mechanism by which dairy products are protective is at the level of tumor promotion rather than initiation.
The effects of surface anaesthesia on the autonomic dysreflexia response during functional electrical stimulation.; Recently, increases in blood pressure (BP) and concomitant bradycardia, suggestive of autonomic dysreflexia (AD), have been documented during functional electrical stimulation (FES) in individuals with a high spinal cord injury (SCI). If uncontrolled, this response could preclude the safe use of FES among such individuals. FES induced pain is partly related to stimulation of skin nociceptors. Therefore, measures to reduce skin sensitivity may reduce the risk of AD during FES. The purpose of this study was to determine if topical anaesthetic applied over the site of electrical stimulation could minimize the AD cardiovascular and hormonal responses to FES in individuals with SCI above the T6 level. Seven subjects with a SCI above T6 received FES to the quadriceps muscle of each leg under two conditions on two different testing days. The two treatment conditions, topical anaesthetic and placebo creams, were double blinded and randomized. The cream was administered to an area the size of the electrode (10 x 10 cm) 1 h prior to stimulation. Stimulation began at 0 mAmps and increased by 16 mAmps every 2 min until an intensity of 160 mAmps was achieved. HR and BP were measured at each stimulation intensity level. Catecholamines were analyzed three times during the stimulation protocol (pre, mid and post stimulation intensities). At the end of the stimulation protocol, FES induced isometric quadriceps contraction force at 160 mAmps intensity was measured using a hand held dynamometer. As FES stimulation intensity increased, significant rises in systolic and diastolic BP were seen, with a concomitant progressive drop in HR. The AD response to stimulation was not significantly different between the topical anaesthetic and placebo conditions. Serum catecholamine (epinephrine and norepinephrine) levels tended to rise with increasing FES intensity levels but did not reach statistical significance. The two treatment conditions did not significantly affect serum catecholamine levels or FES-induced quadriceps contraction force. In summary, FES application to the quadriceps muscle in high level SCI subjects resulted in significant increases in BP, decreases in HR (AD-like response), a trend towards elevations in catecholamine levels, and no difference in quadriceps muscular strength. However, these responses were unaffected by the use of topical anaesthetic cream on the skin at the stimulation site. This suggests that other mechanisms than skin nociception are operative in FES-induced AD.
Vitamin A deficiency among adolescent female garment factory workers in Bangladesh.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the prevalence of vitamin A deficiency among adolescent female factory workers in Bangladesh, and examine the association between various factors and vitamin A status., DESIGN: A cross-sectional study., SETTING: Garment factories in Dhaka city, Bangladesh., SUBJECTS: Three hundred and eighty eight adolescent girls aged 12-19 y from ten garment factories were selected randomly for the present study. Information on socio-economic conditions and usual pattern of dietary intake were obtained by interview. Anthropometric data and blood samples were collected following the interview., RESULTS: By NCHS reference standard, 15.5% of the participants were thin (< 90% Wt/Ht) and about 7% overweight (> 120% Wt/Ht). In about 56%, serum vitamin A level was below the adequate level of 1.05 mumol/l, with 14% having vitamin A deficiency (< 0.70 mumol/l). Forty four per cent of the participants were found to be anaemic (haemoglobin < 120 g/l). Food frequency data on vitamin A rich foods revealed that a large percentage of the participants do not take eggs (41%), milk (64%), liver (85%) and sweet pumpkin (85%); while about 40% of the girls take dark green leafy vegetables (DGLV) and 17% take small fish at least four servings a week. The girls who consumed four or more servings per week of DGLV had significantly higher serum vitamin A level than the girls who took three servings or less. There was a significant positive association between the level of serum vitamin A and frequency of intake of DGLV (r = 0.12; P = 0.023). When age, level of education, percapita income, haemoglobin concentration, serum protein concentration, menstruation at the time of blood collection, prevalence of current morbidity, frequency of intake of egg, milk, small fish, DGLV, liver and sweet pumpkin were accounted for by multiple regression analysis, a strong relationship was found for serum vitamin A concentration with age, menstruation, haemoglobin level and frequency of intake of DGLV. For every unit change in the frequency of consumption of DGLV, there was 0.013 mumol/l change in serum vitamin A level whilst taking other factors into account., CONCLUSION: The data show that there is a high prevalence of subclinical vitamin A deficiency among the adolescent female garment factory workers in Bangladesh, although the anthropometric indices suggest that they do not suffer from acute under nutrition. Consumption of DGLV appears to have an important relation with the vitamin A status of these girls.
Hypoantigenic (HA) milk formula and blood cholesterol level in infants at 3 months of age.; A preliminary observation is reported concerning total and high-density lipoprotein blood cholesterol levels in 36 infants at 3 months of age fed with a hypoantigenic milk formula. The values are compared with those of 66 breastfed and 76 conventional formula-fed infants. Total and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels in hypoantigenic formula-fed infants (152 and 65.7 mg dl(-1), respectively) were comparable to those of breastfed infants (148 and 61.8 mg dl(-1)) and significantly (p < 0.05) higher than those of conventional formula-fed infants (130 and 42.5 mg dl(-1)).
Acceptability, safety, and digestibility of spray-dried bovine serum added to diets of recovering malnourished children.; BACKGROUND: Specially collected, spray-dried bovine and porcine blood plasma have been incorporated previously in feeds of weanling farm animals, resulting in increased dietary intakes and greater rates of weight gain than observed in control animals. Before conducting similar trials in human populations, preliminary studies have been completed to assess the acceptability, safety, and digestibility of processed animal plasma in young children., METHODS: Masked study diets were provided sequentially to each of ten young, Peruvian children recovering from severe protein-energy malnutrition during three randomly ordered 7-day dietary periods. The control diet was prepared from rice, milk, vegetable oil, and sugar; the two study diets included spray-dried, bovine serum concentrate to replace either 25% or 50% of the milk protein of the control diet. Urine and feces were collected quantitatively during the last four days of each diet period to assess stool weight, apparent absorption of macronutrients, and retention of nitrogen., RESULTS: All children consumed the entire amounts offered of each of the diets. The mean number of daily bowel movements and mean apparent absorption and retention of nitrogen and mean apparent absorption of carbohydrate were similar for each diet. Fractional absorption of dietary lipid and of total energy increased significantly in relation to the amount of bovine serum concentrate in the diet, although this might be explained by the simultaneous replacement of milk fat with additional vegetable oil., CONCLUSIONS: Each of the diets was well accepted by the study children, and there was no evidence of any adverse effects of bovine serum concentrate.
Olive oil increases the magnitude of postprandial chylomicron remnants compared to milk fat and safflower oil.; OBJECTIVE: The acute effects of olive oil, milk fat and safflower oil on postprandial lipemia and remnant lipoprotein metabolism were investigated., METHODS: Eight Healthy male volunteers randomly underwent three types of oral fat-vitamin A loading tests. The test drink was a mixture of retinyl palmitate (RP)(50,000 IU of aqueous vitamin A/m2 body surface area) and one of the three types of oils (40 g of fat/m2 body surface area): olive oil (70.7% oleic acid of total fatty acids); milk fat (69.3% saturated fatty acid); safflower oil (74.2% linoleic acid)., RESULTS: Olive oil significantly increased plasma triacylglycerol and RP concentrations 4 hours after fat loading, as compared to other fats. Increases of remnant like particle concentrations were higher after olive oil than after the other two fats., CONCLUSION: These results show that olive oil increases the magnitude of postprandial chylomicrons and chylomicron remnants compared to milk fat and safflower oil.
Relationship between leisure-time physical activity and selected dietary variables in the Worcester Area Trial for Counseling in Hyperlipidemia.; We evaluated the relationship between Leisure-time Physical Activity (LTPA) and selected dietary variables in the Worcester Area Trial for Counseling in Hyperlipidemia. Subjects were males (N = 425) and females (N = 494) of mean age 49.8 and 48.4 yr, respectively. Dietary data were collected using a 7-d (7DDR) and a 24-h dietary recall (24HR), and LTPA information was obtained along with the 7DDR. Subjects were categorized into four levels of LTPA (0-29 (N = 548), 30-60 (N = 98), 61-120 (N = 137), and > or = 121 min.wk-1 (N = 136)). Results from ANOVA revealed that active subjects (LTPA > or = 30 min.wk-1) consumed fewer servings per week of meats, fried foods, sweets, and 2-4% milk and more servings of fruits, vegetables, low fat dairy products, and 0-1% milk than did inactive subjects (LTPA = 0-29 min.wk-1). Comparison of selected 7DDR-derived macro- and micronutrients revealed that active individuals consumed a lower fat and a more micronutrient dense diet than their more inactive counterparts. These findings were not materially altered by adjustment for age, gender, education, and smoking. Finally, the 7DDR results were confirmed in analyses of the 24HR data in a slightly smaller group of subjects (N = 756). The present findings have implications for etiologic investigations on outcomes that have both LTPA and diet as risk factors, and for targeting public health interventions.
An assessment, and reproducibility of food frequency data provided by hospital controls.; In order to assess the comparability and reproducibility of information from a questionnaire used in a case-control study on digestive tract cancers conducted in Italy, a total of 400 subjects were randomly selected from a large sample of hospital controls and contacted at home to repeat the interview. Of these, 294 (73%) subjects were re-interviewed. Mean values of intake were computed for the 400 subjects selected, and among the 294 responders for the first and second interview. These values were comparable, most of them being within a 10% range. Spectrum correlation coefficient (rs) values of consumption between the first and second interview were > 0.65 for consumption of pastries, pasta or rice, bread, fish, milk, green vegetables, eggs and apples; between 0.50 and 0.65 for meat, chicken, liver, ham, cold cuts, cheese, fruit, cabbage, carrots, tomatoes, peppers, salad, citrus fruit and melon; and lower than 0.50 for a few infrequently eaten foods. For all foods, the estimated average weekly intake in the second interview increased consistently and substantially with increasing tertile of the first interview. This study shows a satisfactory comparability of dietary information from subjects interviewed at home with that provided during their original interview in the hospital, and a good reproducibility of information collected in the two settings.
Whole-body protein kinetics in children with kwashiorkor and infection: a comparison of egg white and milk as dietary sources of protein.; This study tested the hypothesis that during treatment of kwashiorkor (including marasmic kwashiorkor) with infection there is a lower rate of amino acid oxidation when the dietary intake of amino acids resembles the amino acid composition of acute phase proteins (APPs). Twenty-two children in Blantyre, Malawi, with kwashiorkor and acute infection were fed an isoenergetic, isonitrogenous diet with either egg white or milk as a protein source. The whole-body amino acid oxidation rate was measured after 24 h by determining the plasma urea rate of appearance, and whole-body protein breakdown and synthesis rates were determined from the plasma leucine rate of appearance. Plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein, alpha1-antitrypsin, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), and interleukin 6 (IL-6) were determined on admission and at 24 and 48 h. The 11 children who received milk had a lower rate of amino acid oxidation than the children who received egg white (x +/- SD: 137 +/- 65 compared with 195 +/- 66 micromol urea x kg body wt(-1) x h(-1), P < 0.05). No significant differences were found between the two groups in the rate of whole-body protein breakdown or protein synthesis. The TNF-alpha concentration correlated inversely with whole-body protein breakdown and synthesis rates, and the IL-6 concentration correlated directly with C-reactive protein. We conclude that by making the amino acid composition of the diet resemble that of APPs in the treatment of acute kwashiorkor, the rate of amino acid oxidation can be decreased.
Phase III placebo-controlled trial of capsaicin cream in the management of surgical neuropathic pain in cancer patients.; PURPOSE: A minority of cancer survivors develops long-term postsurgical neuropathic pain. Based on evidence that capsaicin, the pungent ingredient in hot chili peppers, might be useful for treating neuropathic pain, we developed the present clinical trial., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Ninety-nine assessable patients with postsurgical neuropathic pain were entered onto this study. After stratification, patients were to receive 8 weeks of a 0.075% capsaicin cream followed by 8 weeks of an identical-appearing placebo cream, or vice versa. A capsaicin/placebo cream was to be applied to the painful site four times daily. Treatment evaluation was performed by patient-completed weekly questionnaires., RESULTS: During the first 8-week study period, the capsaicin-cream arm was associated with substantially more skin burning, skin redness, and coughing (P < .0001 for each). Nonetheless, treatment was stopped for patient refusal or toxicity just as often while patients were receiving the placebo as compared with the capsaicin. The capsaicin cream arm had substantially more pain relief (P = .01) after the first 8 weeks, with an average pain reduction of 53% versus 17%. On completion of the 16-week study period, patients were asked which treatment period was most beneficial. Of the responding patients, 60% chose the capsaicin arm, 18% chose the placebo arm, and 22% chose neither (P = .001)., CONCLUSION: A topical capsaicin cream decreases postsurgical neuropathic pain and, despite some toxicities, is preferred by patients over a placebo by a three-to-one margin among those expressing a preference.
Among young adults, college students and graduates practiced more healthful habits and made more healthful food choices than did nonstudents.; OBJECTIVES: Health-related characteristics and habits and food choices of young adults were compared for three groups: college students, college graduates, and nonstudents., DESIGN: Subjects completed a mailed survey that included questions about demographics, attitudes, and behaviors and a food frequency questionnaire. Main outcome measures were health-related characteristics and habits and food choices., SUBJECTS: Female (n = 758) and male (n = 580) 18- to 24-year-olds in nine states who were selected randomly by zip code in each state. The response rate averaged 43% for all states., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Analysis of variance of chi 2 tests were applied to health-related personal characteristic variables and the Kruskal-Wallis analysis of variance was applied to food consumption variables for women and men separately., RESULTS: According to self-reported heights and weights, female nonstudents were more often overweight than female students or graduates. Nonstudents of both genders reported smoking more often than students or graduates. College students and graduates ate more grain foods high in dietary fiber, more fruits and dark-green vegetables, and more lower-fat milk and meats than nonstudents., CONCLUSIONS/APPLICATIONS: Nonstudents were at greater health risk for some chronic illnesses, because of poorer health habits and food choices, than were college students and graduates. The behavior of nonstudents implies weaker response to messages promoting weight control, smoking cessation, and observance of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans than behavior exhibited by students or college graduates. Health promotion efforts could be enhanced by identifying demographic, educational, situational, and formative influences on positive health and dietary behaviors of young adults.
Effects of substituting dietary soybean protein and oil for milk protein and fat in subjects with hypercholesterolemia.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether, in individuals with hypercholesterolemia, substituting dietary soybean products for cows' milk products improves the plasma lipid profile and whether any change in the profile is due partially to soy oil., DESIGN: Randomized 3-treatment crossover trial., SETTING: Family practice clinics and an outpatient clinic in London, Ont., PARTICIPANTS: Seventeen healthy men and 17 healthy women with elevated plasma levels of total and low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and with normal plasma levels of triglycerides., INTERVENTIONS: Participants incorporated into their normal diet either 2% cows' milk products, soybean products or a combination of skim milk products and soy oil, each over period of 4 weeks, with 22-week wash-out periods. Plasma lipid profile, blood pressure and body weight were assessed after each dietary and wash-out period., OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma levels of total and lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma levels of triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and A1 levels, blood pressure and plasma lipid peroxidation., RESULTS: The change in diet had no effect on body mass index, levels of apolipoproteins B and A1 and most plasma lipids. During the soybean period, the subjects' mean level of high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol increased 9% (p < 0.04) and their mean LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio decreased 14% (p < 0.007). These effects were less pronounced during the skim milk/soy oil period. In the 24 subjects with the highest initial LDL cholesterol level and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, the mean LDL cholesterol level decreased 11% after the soybean period. In all subjects, changes in the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio induced by a soybean diet were negatively correlated with the initial LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio and positively correlated with the initial HDL cholesterol level., CONCLUSIONS: In people with hypercholesterolemia, the plasma lipid profile improved after treatment with a soybean-product diet, and this improvement was partially due to soy oil. The degree of responsiveness was associated with initial risk factors for coronary artery disease.
The influence of dietary nucleotides on erythrocyte membrane fatty acids and plasma lipids in preterm infants.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate whether a regular formula for premature infants supplemented with nucleotides has any influence on plasma lipids and erythrocyte membrane fatty acids., METHODS: Preterm infants fed either human milk supplemented with human milk protein (HM, n = 14), nucleotide-supplemented preterm formula (NF, n = 13), or a regular preterm formula (F, n = 13) were included in the study. The NF was supplemented with 18.2 mg cytidine monophosphate/l (CMP), 7.0 mg uridine monophosphate/l (UMP), 6.4 mg adenosine monophosphate/l (AMP), 3.0 mg inosine monophosphate/l (IMP) and 3.0 mg guanosine monophosphate/l (GMP)., RESULTS: There were significantly higher concentrations of triglycerides (TG) in infants fed NF compared to those fed F (191.42 +/- 79.58 vs 108.21 +/- 43.73, p < 0.001, mean +/- SD lipid concentrations, mg/100 ml plasma). Infants fed F had significantly lower concentrations of total cholesterol (94.34 +/- 11.71 vs 115.69 +/- 39.29, p < 0.01) and TG in plasma (108.21 +/- 43.73 vs 172.27 +/- 68.19, p < 0.001, mean +/- SD lipid concentrations, mg/100 ml plasma) when compared to HM-fed infants. There were no significant differences in any of the erythrocyte membrane fatty acids and total long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) between NF and F during the study period (6 weeks). Furthermore, total LC-PUFA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentrations in red blood cell were not significantly different when infants fed NF were compared to those fed HM. In contrast, however, infants fed F had significantly lower concentrations of total n-3 LC-PUFA (p < 0.01) and DHA (p < 0.01) than those found in HM-fed infants., CONCLUSIONS: These results do not suggest an effect of nucleotides on the red blood cell LC-PUFA profile in preterm infants. However, the nucleotides may increase the concentrations of triglycerides in plasma.
Elevation of plasma beta-endorphin levels of shy elderly in response to novel laboratory experiences.; Heightened psychophysiological reactivity to the novel or unfamiliar is a leading characteristic of sky or behaviorally inhibited individuals. To assess one aspect of the physiological stress response in shyness, the authors compared the morning plasma beta-endorphin levels of 15 extremely sky, healthy elderly individuals with beta-endorphin levels of 15 extremely outgoing persons on three pairs of 2 successive days. The primary finding was that sky participants exhibited significantly higher levels of beta-endorphin on the 1st days of each pair of days, compared with the 2nd days in the laboratory. No main effect for shyness or interaction between shyness and diet on endorphin levels was found. The findings are consistent with a peripheral opioid hyperreactivity to novelty in shy elderly persons. Shyness may constitute a risk factor for panic disorder in younger adults and for nasal allergies and certain cancers in older adults. Experimental design and interpretation of future studies of shy individuals' stress responses may need to consider novelty versus familiarity of the procedures and setting.
Double-blind, randomized clinical study comparing hyaluronic acid cream to placebo in patients treated with radiotherapy.; PURPOSE: The effect of hyaluronic acid (Ialugen cream) on acute skin reactions after radiotherapy, was assessed in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Out of the 152 patients presenting with head and neck, breast or pelvic carcinomas and registered in the study, 134 cases-70 in the Ialugen group (IA) and 64 in the placebo group (PBO)-completed their IA or PBO treatment. At the time of randomisation, these two groups were balanced for sex, age, weight and height. The mean total dose of radiation given during the study was 60.6 +/- 10.9 Gy in the IA group and 64.3 +/- 10.8 Gy in the PBO group (P = 0.47)., RESULTS: Acute radio-epithelitis scores were significantly higher in the PBO group than in the IA group, starting from the control at week 3 and throughout the 6 weeks of treatment (P < 0.01 from week 3 to week 7; P < 0.05 at weeks 8 and 10). Likewise, the global efficacy judgement expressed, at the end of treatment, by both the physician and the patient showed a significant difference in favour of Ialugen (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05, respectively). There was no significant difference of tolerance between the IA and PBO treatments (P = 0.18 according to the physician and P = 0.42 from the patient's viewpoint)., CONCLUSION: The prophylactic use of a cream with hyaluronic acid is shown to reduce the incidence of high grade radio-epithelitis, suggesting an interesting role of the hyaluronic acid cream as supportive treatment to improve compliance and quality of life in patients undergoing radiation therapy.
A clinical trial of the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure. DASH Collaborative Research Group.; BACKGROUND: It is known that obesity, sodium intake, and alcohol consumption factors influence blood pressure. In this clinical trial, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure., METHODS: We enrolled 459 adults with systolic blood pressures of less than 160 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressures of 80 to 95 mm Hg. For three weeks, the subjects were fed a control diet that was low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with a fat content typical of the average diet in the United States. They were then randomly assigned to receive for eight weeks the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a "combination" diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and with reduced saturated and total fat. Sodium intake and body weight were maintained at constant levels., RESULTS: At base line, the mean (+/-SD) systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3+/-10.8 mm Hg and 84.7+/-4.7 mm Hg, respectively. The combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 5.5 and 3.0 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each); the fruits-and-vegetables diet reduced systolic blood pressure by 2.8 mm Hg more (P<0.001) and diastolic blood pressure by 1.1 mm Hg more than the control diet (P=0.07). Among the 133 subjects with hypertension (systolic pressure, > or =140 mm Hg; diastolic pressure, > or =90 mm Hg; or both), the combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each); among the 326 subjects without hypertension, the corresponding reductions were 3.5 mm Hg (P<0.001) and 2.1 mm Hg (P=0.003)., CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods and with reduced saturated and total fat can substantially lower blood pressure. This diet offers an additional nutritional approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
Evaluation of dowdo (wheat-milk gruel) in children with acute diarrhoea.; Appropriate feeding practices have an important impact on diarrhoeal disease management in developing countries. We evaluated the efficacy of feeding dowdo, a wheat-milk gruel, traditionally used as a weaning food in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Dowdo was compared with khitchri, a rice-lentil mixture, in acute diarrhoea through a randomized trial. Seventy- six children between 6 and 36 months of age, with acute watery diarrhoea of less than seven days were recruited. After rehydration with standard World Health Organization (WHO) glucose-based oral rehydration solution or intravenous Ringers lactate, patients were randomly assigned to either diet group. Dowdo and Khitchri were found to be equally effective in terms of stool frequency and output, duration of diarrhoea, weight gain and duration of hospitalization. The results indicate that feeding dowdo was as effective as khitchri in children with acute diarrhoea. Additionally, acceptability of dowdo was better than Khitchri. It is recommended that dowdo be used for nutritional management of diarrhoeal disease in children in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Probiotics: a novel approach in the management of food allergy.; BACKGROUND: The gastrointestinal microflora is an important constituent of the gut mucosal defense barrier. We have previously shown that a human intestinal floral strain, Lactobacillus GG (ATCC 53103), promotes local antigen-specific immune responses (particularly in the IgA class), prevents permeability defects, and confers controlled antigen absorption., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical and immunologic effects of cow's milk elimination without (n = 14) and with (n = 13) the addition of Lactobacillus GG (5 x 10(8) colony-forming units/gm formula) in an extensively hydrolyzed whey formula in infants with atopic eczema and cow's milk allergy. The second part of the study involved 10 breast-fed infants who had atopic eczema and cow's milk allergy. In this group Lactobacillus GG was given to nursing mothers., METHODS: The severity of atopic eczema was assessed by clinical scoring. The concentrations of fecal alpha 1- antitrypsin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and eosinophil cationic protein were determined as markers of intestinal inflammation before and after dietary intervention., RESULTS: The clinical score of atopic dermatitis improved significantly during the 1-month study period in infants treated with the extensively hydrolyzed whey formula fortified with Lactobacillus GG. The concentration of alpha 1-antitrypsin decreased significantly in this group (p = 0.03) but not in the group receiving the whey formula without Lactobacillus GG (p = 0.68). In parallel, the median (lower quartile to upper quartile) concentration of fecal tumor necrosis factor-alpha decreased significantly in this group, from 709 pg/gm (91 to 1131 pg/gm) to 34 pg/gm (19 to 103 pg/gm) (p = 0.003), but not in those receiving the extensively hydrolyzed whey formula only (p = 0.38). The concentration of fecal eosinophil cationic protein remained unaltered during therapy., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that probiotic bacteria may promote endogenous barrier mechanisms in patients with atopic dermatitis and food allergy, and by alleviating intestinal inflammation, may act as a useful tool in the treatment of food allergy.
Time-dependent sensitization of heart rate and blood pressure over multiple laboratory sessions in elderly individuals with chemical odor intolerance.; In this study, we tested the hypothesis that low-level chemical odor intolerance (i.e., "cacosmia") is a manifestation of heightened sensitizability to environmental stimuli. We examined supine heart rate and blood pressure of elderly individuals, who were classified as either having a higher degree of chemical odor intolerance (n = 12) or a lower degree of chemical odor intolerance (n = 13), upon awakening in a sleep research laboratory on 6 different days during an 8-wk protocol. During the 2 initial wk, they consumed a customary baseline diet (including ad lib milk and other dairy products), followed by 3 wk each of nondairy-containing and dairy-containing diets in randomly assigned, counterbalanced order. Measurements were made on 3 pairs of successive days, distributed over a 6-wk period, and on which different diets were consumed. The high-intolerance group had significantly higher mean supine systolic and diastolic blood pressures than did the low-intolerance group. Although subjects consumed milk products during both the initial baseline and subsequent dairy diet periods, the high-intolerance group had significantly higher heart rates and diastolic blood pressures later in the study than at baseline, especially when they were on the dairy diet. In contrast, the cardiovascular measures of the low-intolerance group lowered on average with time. The high-intolerance subjects had an increased mean diastolic blood pressure on the second days versus the first days in the laboratory (averaged across all diets). Collectively, the data suggest that elderly individuals with a high degree of chemical odor intolerance evidence (a) increased sympathetic tone in the cardiovascular system at rest over multiple measurements; and (b) greater sensitizability and/or lesser habituation of heart rate and diastolic blood pressure over time as a function, in part, of repeated environmental stressor exposures (i.e., a novel laboratory contextual setting and/or specific dietary constituents). Consistent with a sensitization model, the findings emphasize the need for two or more identical sessions at least 24 h apart in physiological studies of individuals with a high degree of intolerance for chemical odors versus normal individuals. The results of the blood pressure observations suggest that the possibility of abnormally labile autonomic function and cognitive sequelae in individuals with a high degree of intolerance for chemical odor increases with age.
Association of higher saturated fat intake with higher risk of hypertension in an urban population of Trivandrum in south India.; Saturated fat intake appears to be a risk factor of insulin resistance which is important in the pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aims to demonstrate whether saturated fat intake may be a risk factor of hypertension. Cross-sectional survey in six randomly selected streets in Trivandrum city in south India was conducted to study 1497 randomly selected subjects (737 males and 760 females) of 25-64 years of age. The prevalence of hypertension by Joint National Committee V criteria (> 140/90 were 34.6% (n = 255) in males and 30.7% (n = 234) in females. The consumption of food groups showed that they were within desirable limits. However, the intake of fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts was lower and saturated fat intake higher (> 10% kcal/day), although total fat intake was within desirable limits. Total and saturated fat intake, and the consumption of coconut oil and butter, flesh foods, milk and yogurt as well as sugar and jaggery were significantly associated with hypertension. Total visible fat (> 20 g/day) intake was positively associated whereas fruit, vegetable, legume and coconut intake (< 400 g/day) was inversely associated with hypertension. Salt intake (> 8 g/day), smoking and illiteracy were not associated with hypertension. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that saturated fat intake, age and body mass index were independently and strongly associated with hypertension whereas fruits, vegetable, legume and coconuts, coconut oil and butter and alcohol (males) intakes were weakly associated with hypertension. The odds ratio indicate higher risk of hypertension due to higher intake of saturated fat in both sexes (mean: odds ratio, 1.07, 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.09; women, 1.08, 1.06-1.12, P < 0.01). Significant determinants of hypertension were higher saturated fat, particularly coconut oil, and lower fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts, particularly legumes and coconuts in the diet, apart from conventional risk factors.
Relation of food and nutrient intakes to body mass in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.; This chapter summarizes weight and body mass index findings of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial and then focuses on relations of food group and nutrient intakes to weight change during follow-up. Results were qualitatively similar for the special intervention (SI) and usual care groups. Weight change was related both to dietary composition averaged over follow-up recalls and to changes from baseline. Greater weight loss compared with little change or gain was related to greater reductions from baseline and lower percentages of energy reported at follow-up from refined sucrose, total fat, and saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids. Greater weight loss was also associated with greater reductions in and lower intakes of cholesterol and energy. In both groups, these patterns reflected lower percentages of energy from medium-fat dairy products, eggs, highly saturated visible fats, crackers and snacks, refined sugars and sweets, and additionally for SI men, lower percentages of energy from high-fat meats, dairy products, and baked goods and desserts. In both groups weight loss was related to increased or higher percentages of energy from total and non-sucrose simple carbohydrates, and to fiber intake, and for SI men, to higher percentages of energy from starch. These nutrient patterns involved higher percentages of energy from low-fat dairy products, breads and cereals, fruit, and vegetables, and for SI men, from low-fat baked goods and desserts. Overall, substantial weight loss was associated with a diet of lower energy density and with higher intakes of several essential micronutrients.
Food group and nutrient intakes at baseline in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.; This chapter relates food and nutrient intakes at baseline to other facets of reported dietary behavior, major risk factors, and sociodemographic characteristics of men in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial. Intakes of total fat (38.4% of energy), saturated fatty acids (14.2%), and dietary cholesterol (492 mg/d) were similar to amounts seen in the first and second National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys in the 1970s and were generally lower than findings from studies in the 1960s. There were inverse relations between total serum cholesterol and intakes of total fat, saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids, and dietary cholesterol. These paradoxical associations were largely attributable to findings in the 21% of men who reported following a special diet, indicating that use of such a diet increases with severity of hypercholesterolemia. Fat intake was directly related to number of meals per week eaten away from home, and to cigarette smoking. Patterns of food and nutrient intake were similar for men stratified by baseline blood pressure and antihypertensive treatment. Intake of total energy and percentages from various dietary fats decreased with age, as did use of sucrose and caffeine. White men consumed more dairy products than did other ethnic groups, whereas black men consumed more eggs, sugars, and sweets. Asians had the highest intake of cereal foods. Those with more education ate less high-fat meat products, more fruit, and more polyunsaturated oils, but also more high-fat dairy products and less breads and cereals; they also drank more alcohol.
Nutrient and food intake in obese women on a low-fat or low-calorie diet.; The low-fat group consumed significantly fewer calories from fat and more calories from carbohydrate at both 6 and 12 months than the low-calorie group, but their fat intake was still about twice their goal at both 6 months (39 gm per day) and 12 months (46 gm per day). The low-calorie group achieved their fat goal of 30% of calorie intake, but they consumed from 300 to 700 kcal more than their calorie goal. Caloric intake, physical activity, palatability, satiety, quality of life, and weight loss were not significantly different by treatment. Two studies, which gave patients hypocaloric diets of varying fat and carbohydrate content (fat calories 10% to 45%) for from 10 to 12 weeks, found no effect of diet composition on weight loss. In addition, one study, which gave patients a low-fat, energy-unrestricted diet (fat calories 19%), reported a weight loss of 10.1 lb at 16 to 20 weeks and 5.7 lb at 9 to 12 months, which is similar to that seen in the low-fat group in the this study. Most of the decrease in fat intake (90%) in the low-fat group resulted from a reduction in intake of fat from fat and oils; meat, fish, and poultry; dairy products; and sweets. The dietary changes in the low-fat group are consistent with those found in one study, which prescribed a 15% fat calorie diet to women with breast cancer. Intake of vitamin C increased in the low-fat group and decreased in the low-calorie group. This difference was significant and was caused by an increased intake of fruits and vegetables in the low-fat group and a decreased consumption of fruits in the low-calorie group. Calcium intake decreased significantly more in the low-calorie group because of a decreased intake of dairy foods.
The effects of dairy products on body composition, bone mineralization, and weight in adolescent girls.; Twelve months of a consistent average daily intake of calcium to at least the 1200-mg Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA) was achieved by 22 adolescent girls. At the end of the year the calcium-enriched group showed no significant differences in body composition, bone mass, or bone density from peers consuming an average of 728 mg of calcium.
Are butter and cheese rich in monounsaturates beneficial in hyperlipidaemic patients?.; BACKGROUND: Reduction in intake of dairy products has long been recommended to reduce blood lipids. The value of monounsaturated fatty acids is increasingly recognized., METHODS: We evaluated the effects of a monounsaturate-rich butter and cheese (B) produced by modifying the bovine diet on blood lipid levels of patients with type IIa hyperlipidaemia. We compared their effects with those of normal butter and cheese (A) and polyunsaturate-rich spread and cheese (C). Using a double cross-over design, we studied 30 patients of mean age 56.4 years (23 men, one woman excluded) over 6-week periods., RESULTS: Approximately 35.5 g/day butter/cheese were consumed; no changes in serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein, lipoprotein (a) or cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio were observed. HDL levels were higher in B(1.31 mmol/l) than in C (1.22 mmol/l; P < 0.05) and similar to those in A (1.28 mmol/l). HDL2 levels were higher in patients fed diet A(0.23 mmol/l) than they were in those fed diet C (0.19 mmol/l; P < 0.05) and similar to those in patients fed diet B (0.20 mmol/l). Serum HDL3 was significantly higher in patients fed diet B (1.11 mmol/l) than in those fed diet C (1.03 mmol/l; P < 0.05) but similar to that in patients fed diet A (1.06 mmol/l)., CONCLUSIONS: Moderate intake of modified dairy products may be of value and deserves further evaluation.
Skin treatment with bepanthen cream versus no cream during radiotherapy--a randomized controlled trial.; In several radiotherapy departments, dexpanthenol cream (Bepanthen 'Roche') has been used extensively to ameliorate acute radiotherapy skin reactions. The evidence base for this practice is obscure as no randomized trials have been performed. In the present clinical prospective study of 86 patients we have compared Bepanthen cream with no topical ointment at all. The cream was applied on randomly selected parts of treatment fields in laryngeal and breast cancer patients, and so each patient acted as his own control. Seven patients were withdrawn from analysis. Scoring of skin reactions in 16 laryngeal and 63 breast cancer patients was performed without knowledge of which area that had been given cream or not. Endpoints were a modified skin reaction grading according to EORTC/RTOG, and itching/pain in treated fields. The study did not indicate any clinically important benefits of using Bepanthen cream for ameliorating radiogenic skin reactions under the conditions applied.
Long-term (6 months) effect of a new fermented milk product on the level of plasma lipoproteins--a placebo-controlled and double blind study.; OBJECTIVE: We have recently demonstrated a short-term hypocholesterolemic effect (reduction of 8-10%) of a new fermented milk product taken for 6 weeks (Agerbaek et al, 1995; Richelsen et al, 1993). The present study was undertaken to investigate the more long-term (6 months) effect of this fermented product on the level of lipoproteins., DESIGN: The study was randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled, and performed for a period of six months., SUBJECTS: Eighty-seven non-obese and normocholesterolemic females and males, aged 50-70 y old, were included in the study., INTERVENTION: 200 ml of either the fermented milk product or placebo (chemically fermented) were given daily. The test product was fermented with a bacteria culture containing Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus termophilus., RESULTS: After one month the total- and LDL-cholesterol were significantly reduced in the fermented milk group as compared to placebo, LDL was reduced by 0.21 mmol/l vs 0.0 mmol/1 (P < 0.02). The maximal reduction of LDL-cholesterol was reached after 3 months in the test group with a reduction of 0.32 mmol/1 of initial values (P < 0.001). In the placebo group a gradual fall of total- and LDL-cholesterol was observed from 1-6 months of the study. Thus, after six months the reduction of LDL-cholesterol was similar in the two groups (P = 0.95) even though the reduction was significant in both groups in relation to initial values (P < 0.05). No changes in HDL-cholesterol or triglyceride were observed during the study. There were no differences in the response between women and men., CONCLUSION: The fermented milk product resulted in a rapid reduction of LDL-cholesterol observed after one month but during long-term intake (6 months) the reduction of LDL-cholesterol was similar to the placebo product, indicating that low-fat milk or fermented milk products may have some hypocholesterolemic effects but the present tested product does not seem to be superior in that respect to the placebo milk product used in the present study.
Comparison of two application techniques of EMLA and pain assessment in pediatric oncology patients.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The study was designed to compare the analgesic efficacy of the local anesthetic EMLA when applied as a patch and as a cream in combination with a Tegaderm dressing to pediatric oncology patients undergoing repeated lumbar punctures., METHODS: The analgesic effect of the two products was assessed by a continuous or discrete visual analog scale in 24 children 3-16 years old, during two lumbar punctures. Distress was rated by use of the Observational Scale of Behavioral Distress., RESULTS: No significant differences were found between the pain and distress scores for the different preparations of EMLA., CONCLUSION: The EMLA patch and the EMLA cream are equally effective in alleviating pain associated with lumbar puncture. The EMLA patch simplifies and speeds up the application of EMLA. It also allows for control of the dose administered per application, thus preventing both over- and underdosing.
The Chief Scientist reports... Behavioural risk factors for coronary heart disease and cancers among adults in Edinburgh and Glasgow: assessing change 1988-1995.; OBJECTIVE: To assess change over time in selected behavioural risk factors for coronary heart disease and cancers and to assess progress towards government-defined health targets., DESIGN: Computer assisted telephone interview survey, randomly selected sample., SETTING: Edinburgh and Glasgow., SUBJECTS: 34,247 aged 18-60 years; 43.2% male and 56.8% female., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in cigarette smoking, diet, alcohol use and exercise among adults between 1988 and 1995., RESULTS: A majority of the variables under study showed significant change over the time period under review. On the positive side, the percentage of female smokers decreased significantly, whilst the number of female ex-smokers increased; the use of salt and butter declined significantly for men, and butter use declined significantly for women; and increasing numbers of men ate fruit in the last 24 hours and daily. On the negative side, there was no significant decrease in smoking prevalence among men; no significant increase in reported participation in physical activity for exercise for men or women, and a significant decrease in frequency of exercise for women; and the frequency of "drinking heavily on occasion' increased for both men and women., CONCLUSIONS: Significant positive changes in key health behaviours have taken place among adults resident in Edinburgh and Glasgow since 1988, particularly in relation to smoking among women and diet among men, but progress is slow and patchy.
Anesthetic efficacy of eutectic prilocaine-lidocaine cream in pediatric oncology patients undergoing lumbar puncture.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of eutectic mixture of local anesthetics 5% (Emla) in reducing pain associated with lumbar punctures in children., DESIGN: Prospective, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial., SETTING: University pediatric hospital., PATIENTS: Eleven pediatric oncology patients (mean age 6.6 y, range 4-16) who underwent 31 lumbar punctures., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The analgesic effect was measured by using two methods. The first was a 10-point visual analog scale reported by the patient and the second was an 8-point behavioral pain scale assessed by the nurse who applied the cream., RESULTS: Emla cream was associated with significantly lower pain scores than those with placebo as measured by the patient when the puncture was successful on the first attempt (2.0 +/- 1.6 Emla group, 3.8 +/- 1.9 placebo group; p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The use of Emla cream may reduce pain substantially only in patients who undergo a successful lumbar puncture on the first attempt.
A randomized, controlled evaluation of two commercially available human breast milk fortifiers in healthy preterm neonates.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the added nutritional value of the two commercially available human breast milk fortifiers: Similac Natural Care (NC) and Enfamil Powder (EP)., DESIGN: A randomized controlled evaluation in healthy preterm neonates., SETTING: Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Royal University Hospital, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, and Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, Quebec, Canada., SUBJECTS: Healthy preterm infants admitted to and cared for in the aforementioned neonatal intensive care units., INTERVENTIONS: Healthy preterm neonates who were receiving expressed breast milk from their own mothers were supplemented with human milk fortifiers (NC and EP) per manufacturer's recommendations., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Gestational age and birth weight, gender, and race. At entry to and exit from the study, serum concentrations of albumin, protein, calcium, phosphorus, and alkaline phosphatase. The age at which the supplements were added and the number of days the infant remained in the hospital. Daily weight gain, head circumference, length, and height were also measured., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Student's t test was used to test the differences between the groups and within the groups at entry to and exit from the study. Fisher's exact test was used to determine differences in race, size, and gestational age in each group. When necessary, a chi 2 test was used to analyze the preponderance of either sex in each group. A Wilcoxon rank test was applied to the true exit date to determine whether the bias was comparable in each group., RESULTS: The mean (+/- standard error) gestational age and birth weight were similar in both groups: 30 +/- 0.3 weeks and 1,314 +/- 40 g, respectively, for NC vs 29.6 +/- 0.35 weeks and 1,262 +/- 45 g, respectively, for EP. At entry to the study, values for the NC group (N = 29) were albumin 31 +/- 1.2 g/L, serum protein 48 +/- 1.4 g/L, calcium 2.4 +/- 0.03 mmol/L, phosphorus 1.85 +/- 0.08 mmol/L, alkaline phosphatase 347 +/- 27 IU/L. The values for the EP group (N = 30) were albumin 32 +/- 0.9 g/L, serum protein 49 +/- 1.4 g/L, calcium 2.4 +/- 0.4 mmol/L, phosphorus 1.9 +/- 0.1 mmol/L, alkaline phosphatase 420 +/- 34 IU/L. At the study exit, the values for the NC group were albumin 30 +/- 0.7 g/L, serum protein 45 +/- 0.9 g/L, calcium 2.4 +/- 0.3 mmol/L, phosphorus 1.96 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, and alkaline phosphatase 371 +/- 23 IU/L. The values for the EP group were albumin 32 +/- 1.0 g/L, serum protein 46.0 +/- 1.4 g/L, calcium 2.5 +/- 0.03 mmol/L, serum phosphorus 2.2 +/- 0.1, and alkaline phosphatase 367 +/- 27 IU/L. No significant differences were observed between groups at entry to and exit from the study. However, in the EP group the alkaline phosphatase decreased significantly (P = .02) from entry to exit and calcium increased significantly during the same period compared with the NC group (P = .003). The mean daily weight gain was 33 +/- 0.7 g for the NC group and 31 +/- 1 g for the EP group. The weekly gain in head circumference and body length were also similar in both groups: approximately 1 cm/week. Both groups tolerated the fortifiers well., APPLICATIONS/CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that both products provide the additional nutritional support necessary for optimal overall postnatal growth in healthy preterm infants. The differences in calcium and alkaline phosphatase may be due to the differences in vitamin D content in fortifiers 88 IU/100 mL in mixed NC vs 270 IU/100 mL in mixed EP. This observation calls for careful monitoring of calcium and alkaline phosphatase values and possible adjustments of vitamin D intake when fortifiers are used for extended periods.
A placebo-controlled study of the effect of sour milk on blood pressure in hypertensive subjects.; A placebo-controlled study was conducted to test the effect of Calpis (Calpis Food Industry Co, Ltd, Tokyo, Japan) sour milk, i.e., a milk fermented with a starter containing Lactobacillus helveticus and Saccharomyces cerevisiae, on the blood pressure of 30 elderly hypertensive patients, most of whom were taking antihypertensive medication. Subjects were randomly assigned to two groups. One group ingested daily 95 mL of the sour milk for 8 wk, and the other group ingested the same amount of artificially acidified milk as a placebo for 8 wk. In the sour-milk group, systolic blood pressure decreased significantly 4 and 8 wk after ingestion, by 9.4 +/- 3.6 mm Hg (mean+/- SE, P < 0.05) and 14.1 +/- 3.1 mm Hg (P < 0.01), respectively. The diastolic blood pressure also decreased significantly, by 6.9 +/- 2.2 mm Hg (P < 0.01), by 8 wk after ingestion of the sour milk began. No significant changes in blood pressure were observed in the placebo group. The decrease in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the sour-milk group tended to be greater than in the placebo group. No marked changes were observed in other indexes, including pulse rate, body weight, and blood serum variables in both groups.
Nutritional effect of calcium supplementation by skim milk powder or calcium tablets on total nutrient intake in postmenopausal women.; The effect of different types of calcium supplements on total nutrient intake has not been studied. The effect of dietary calcium supplementation (calcium tablets or skim milk powder) on nutrient intake in 64 postmenopausal women was studied in a 4-y longitudinal study consisting of 2 y of intervention and 2 y of follow-up. Subjects also received advice on how to reduce their consumption of high-fat and cholesterol-rich foods. Analysis of 4-d weighed diet records at 1 y showed that calcium intakes from the milk-powder supplement (1618 +/- 213 mg) and calcium tablets (1718 +/- 257 mg) were above recommended dietary intakes (RDI), and dietary fat intake and plasma cholesterol were significantly reduced compared with baseline values. The subjects supplemented with milk powder had higher intakes of several nutrients, including protein and zinc, compared with the subjects given calcium tablets. A greater proportion of subjects using the milk-powder supplement achieved > or = 70% of the RDI for zinc compared with tablet-supplemented subjects during the intervention study. Subjects were advised to continue with supplementation at the end of the intervention study. Thirty-nine subjects were available for follow-up. The mean (+/- SD) calcium intake for the milk-powder group (942 +/- 434 mg) was below the RDI and significantly lower than that of the calcium-tablet group (1346 +/- 512 mg). These data suggest that advice on dietary calcium supplementation and fat reduction had a beneficial effect on the nutrient intakes of postmenopausal women but compliance outside of a control trial by women taking calcium tablets was higher than that by women taking milk powder. Thus, strategies to encourage women to increase calcium intake can be introduced without significant deleterious effects on other aspects of the diet.
Effect of early, short-term supplementation on weight and linear growth of 4-7-mo-old infants in developing countries: a four-country randomized trial.; The effect of supplementation on growth was tested by means of four similar controlled randomized trials in the Congo (n = 120), Senegal (n = 110), Bolivia (n = 127), and New Caledonia (n = 90). Four-month-old infants were randomly allocated to supplement or control groups. A cereal-based precooked porridge was offered twice daily for 3 mo and consumption was monitored. Both groups were free to eat local food. At 7 mo of age, all infants were still breast-fed in the Congo, Senegal, and Bolivia compared with 47% in New Caledonia. Mean daily consumption of the supplement varied among countries (558-790 kJ/d). Mean length at 4 mo was lowest in Bolivia, higher in Senegal and the Congo, and near the National Center for Health Statistics reference in New Caledonia. The mean 4-7 mo length increment was 0.48 cm higher for supplemented than for control infants in Senegal (P < 0.05), whereas weight increments did not differ. No significant effect was found in the other countries.
Intestinal inflammation in children with atopic eczema: faecal eosinophil cationic protein and tumour necrosis factor-alpha as non-invasive indicators of food allergy.; BACKGROUND: Food allergy is contemplated in atopic eczema. Early recognition of food allergies is difficult and the diagnosis is often missed because of the non-specificity of symptoms. New non-invasive tests are clearly needed., OBJECTIVE AND METHODS: We measured the concentrations of tumour necrosis factor-alpha, eosinophil cationic protein and alpha-1 antitrypsin in faeces as indicators of intestinal inflammation induced by double-blind placebo-controlled oral cow's milk challenge in infants and young children with atopic eczema., RESULTS: An increased alpha-1 antitrypsin concentration (> 2 mg/g) after cow's milk challenge was detected in 43% of the infants positive as compared with 11% of the infants negative to challenge, P = 0.02. The concentration of eosinophil cationic protein in faeces increased after cow's milk challenge in patients positive to challenge (P = 0.02) but not in those negative to challenge (P = 0.79). The concentration of eosinophil cationic protein was enhanced particularly in patients manifesting immediate-type reactions to the cow's milk challenge. The concentration of tumour necrosis factor-alpha increased after cow's milk challenge in patients positive to challenge (P = 0.005) but not in those negative to challenge (P = 0.25). The concentration of tumour necrosis factor-alpha in faeces was enhanced particularly in patients manifesting delayed-type reactions to the cow's milk challenge., CONCLUSION: We conclude that in children with atopic eczema food allergy is associated with intestinal inflammation indicating that more general immunologic disturbances than previously thought take place in these patients. We further suggest that faecal eosinophil cationic protein, tumour necrosis factor-alpha and alpha-1 antitrypsin distinctly indicate various reaction types of food allergy. Parallel testing with eosinophil cationic protein and tumour necrosis factor-alpha may significantly enhance the accuracy in diagnosis of food allergy in patients with atopic eczema.
Monosodium glutamate affects mealtime food selection in diabetic patients.; Lunch intake was followed in 31 matched pairs of hospitalized diabetic patients over four consecutive days. Pairs of patients were matched for type and duration of diabetes, gender, age and body mass index. Lunches were composed of appetizer, meat, vegetables, starch, cheese, bread and dessert; water, coffee, tea and lemon were available. One patient per pair was randomly ascribed to the experimental group and was served vegetable and starch dishes added with 0.6% monosodium glutamate (MSG). Lunch intake was measured by weighing amounts served and left-overs. Patients in the experimental group ingested more starch food than their matched controls, and less lemon juice and yogurt. However, the total energy load at lunch was not different between groups. This effect on meal time food selection replicates earlier observations made on elderly persons. It is suggested that manipulating palatability of various foods within a meal, and especially by using MSG, is an efficient way to affect food selection in the meal, without inducing hyperphagia.
Modulation of pressure pain thresholds during and following isometric contraction in patients with fibromyalgia and in healthy controls.; This study aimed at evaluating the influence of submaximal isometric contraction on pressure pain thresholds (PPTs) in 14 fibromyalgia (FM) patients and 14 healthy volunteers, before and after skin hypoesthesia. PPTs were determined with pressure algometry over m. quadriceps femoris before, during and following an isometric contraction. Maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) was assessed using a computerized dynamometer. A contraction of 22% MVC on average was held until exhaustion (max. 5 min) and PPTs were assessed every 30 sec. A local anesthetic cream and a control cream were applied following a double-blind design and PPTs were reassessed. In healthy volunteers PPTs increased during contraction (P < 0.001), then decreased after the end of contraction (P < 0.001) but remained above precontraction values during the 5 min of post-contraction assessments (P < 0.001). In FM patients PPTs decreased in the middle of the contraction period (P < 0.05) and remained below precontraction levels during the rest of the contraction period (P < 0.05) and during the 5 min of post-contraction assessment (immediately post-contraction NS; 2.5 min post-contraction P < 0.01; 5 min post-contraction P < 0.05). The normalized PPTs were significantly lower in patients than in controls during contraction (start P < 0.01; middle P < 0.001; end P < 0.001) and at all times during post-contraction assessments (P < 0.001). Anesthetic cream raised PPTs at rest in controls (P < 0.01) but not in FM patients, and did not influence contraction or post-contraction PPTs in either group. Therefore, the increased pressure pain sensibility in FM patients is more pronounced deep to the skin. The observed decrease of PPTs during isometric contraction in FM patients could be due to sensitization of mechanonociceptors caused by muscle ischemia and/or dysfunction in pain modulation during muscle contraction.
Calcium in milk products precipitates intestinal fatty acids and secondary bile acids and thus inhibits colonic cytotoxicity in humans.; Dietary calcium may reduce the risk of colon cancer, probably by precipitating cytotoxic surfactants, such as secondary bile acids, in the colonic lumen. We previously showed that milk mineral, an important source of calcium, decreases metabolic risk factors and colonic proliferation in rats. We now report the effects of the habitual intake of milk calcium on metabolic risk factors in healthy subjects. A double-blind, cross-over metabolic study was performed in 13 healthy males. Placebo milk products (calcium, 3 mM) were compared with regular milk products (calcium, 30 mm). In each 1-week period, the habitual diet was recorded, and urine and feces were collected for 1 and 3 days, respectively. Milk calcium significantly increased fecal pH and fecal excretion of phosphate (132%), total fat (139%), free fatty acids (195%), and bile acids (141%), indicating intestinal complexation. In fecal water, the concentrations of long-chain fatty acids, secondary bile acids (deoxycholic and lithocholic acid), neutral sterols, and phospholipids were about halved (P <0.05). Consistent with these changes in soluble hydrophobic surfactants, calcium decreased the cytotoxicity of fecal water from 68 +/- 9 to 28 +/- 12% (P < 0.005). Calcium in milk products precipitates luminal cytotoxic surfactants and thus inhibits colonic cytotoxicity. Therefore, habitual dietary calcium may contribute to a nutritional modulation of colon cancer risk.
Treatment of acute reflex sympathetic dystrophy with DMSO 50% in a fatty cream.; Acute Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy (acute RSD) was defined using a reproducible classification. Elevated temperature of the affected extremity ("calor"), measured by the dorsal side of the observer's hand and mentioned by the patient, pain ("dolor") measured by the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), redness ("rubor"), edema ("tumor") and limited active range of motion ("functio laesa"), all contributed to the classification system. Patients scoring 4 to 5 positive symptoms were considered to have acute RSD. A prospective, randomized and double blind study was performed in 32 patients, all suffering from acute RSD. In all of these patients the primary injury was the result of a previous accident. One patient was taken out of the study because of his surgery. The study involved treatment with a fatty cream with 50% dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO, group A), or without DMSO (placebo, group B), both for 2 months. All patients received physiotherapy applied within pain limits. Application of the creams resulted in both groups in an improvement of RSD-scores and VAS-scores after 2 months. However, the improvement of the RSD score in patients of group A (DMSO-group) was significantly (P < 0.01) better compared to group B. The results suggest a certain activity of DMSO 50% cream in patients suffering from RSD and is, therefore, recommendable.
Plasma fatty acid responses, metabolic effects, and safety of microalgal and fungal oils rich in arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in healthy adults.; The effect of dietary supplementation with different amounts of a fungal oil containing arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n--6) and a microalgal oil containing docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n--3), blended to give a ratio of AA to DHA of 1.25:1.00, on plasma lipid AA, DHA, cholesterol, and triacylglycerols was evaluated in healthy men. Subjects (n = 8/group) were given 28.8 g fat/d containing 0 x (0 g AA, 0 g DHA), or 1 x (0.8 g AA, 0.6 g DHA), 3 x (2.2 g AA, 1.7 g DHA), or 5 x (3.6 g AA, 2.9 g DHA) the estimated intake of infants fed human milk with 0.5% AA and 0.4% DHA for 14 d. No clinically significant dose-related effects were seen on physical examination or from routine laboratory tests. The microalgal-fungal oil blend resulted in a significant, dose-dependent increase in plasma cholesterol and percentage phospholipid AA and DHA, and a decrease in percentage triacylglycerols and phospholipid linoleic acid. Plasma phospholipid AA and DHA increased approximately 18% and 50%, respectively, with the 1 x dose, similar to that expected at intakes provided by human milk. These oils appear to be safe dietary sources of AA and DHA for healthy adults at intakes equivalent to 0.8 g AA and 0.6 g DHA/d for > or = 2 wk.
Randomized outcome trial of human milk fortification and developmental outcome in preterm infants.; Despite potential benefits, human milk may fail to meet preterm infants' nutrient requirements. We tested the hypothesis that fortified breast milk, fed alone or with preterm formula, would improve neurodevelopment and growth at 18-mo follow-up without adverse short-term clinical or biochemical consequences. Two hundred seventy-five preterm infants from two medical centers (birth weight < 1850 g; mean gestation 29.8 +/- 2.7 wk) whose mothers chose to provide breast milk were randomly assigned to receive for a mean of 39 d a multinutrient fortifier or control supplement containing phosphate and vitamins. Breast milk comprised 47.6% and 46.4% of enteral intake in fortified and control groups, respectively; preterm formula supplements were used when insufficient breast milk was available. Overall, there were no significant growth advantages with fortification; although, when breast milk exceeded 50% of intake, fortification promoted faster weight gain (an advantage of 1.6 g.kg-1.d-1; 95% CI: 0.1, 3.1; P < 0.05). Compared with control infants, the fortified group showed 1) higher plasma urea from week 2 (P = 0.04), 2) higher plasma calcium (mean 2.34 +/- 0.01 compared with 2.27 +/- 0.02 mmol/L; P = 0.003), 3) a greater rise in alkaline phosphatase by week 6 (P = 0.04), 4) more clinical infections (suspected plus proven; 43% compared with 31%, P = 0.04), 5) a nonsignificantly increased incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (5.8% compared with 2.2%, P = 0.12), and 6) higher white cell and platelet counts. Developmental scores at 18 mo were slightly but not significantly higher in the fortified group. This study confirmed that breast milk fortifiers can improve short-term growth (when breast milk intakes are high); but beneficial effects on long-term development remained unproven. Future research is required to evaluate potential adverse consequences and explore more optimal fortification strategies.
-Anticoagulant drugs-.; In todays medicine, anticoagulant drugs like heparin and coumadin derivatives have become indispensable for the treatment of thrombo-embolic diseases. Heparin, consisting of long poly-sulfated polysaccharide chains of variable length and sequences is mostly derived from porcine mucosa. Its bioavailability by other than the parenteral way of administration is almost negligible. Therefore, with only few exceptions, it is almost exclusively applied in hospitalized patients (short-term therapy) or to bridge 2 phases of treatment with oral anticoagulant drugs. Today, besides the conventional high-molecular weight heparins, new fractionated heparins are gaining more and more attention. They offer the advantage of a more reliable resorption from the subcutaneous tissue and thus warrant reliable plasma levels. In many recent randomized trials of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism, those fractionated heparins have proven to successfully substitute for intravenously applied, aPTT-controlled unfractionated heparin. It remains however open, whether this also translates into the prevention of arterial thrombo-embolic diseases. Heparin may not pass through the placental barrier nor into the milk and is regarded non-teratogenic. Therefore, it may be regarded the ideal anticoagulant for pregnant women and lactating mothers. Those women, however, still carry the heparin-associated risk of bleeding and osteoporosis. In comparison: Coumadin derivatives interfere with the carboxylation of the clotting factors II, VII, IX, and X as well as proteins C and S. By inhibiting the synthesis of these proteins they shift the haemostatic balance to a lower level. In addition, they are almost completely bioavailable by the enteral pathway. They are, therefore, regarded the drugs of choice for long-term anticoagulant therapy in patients at particular thromboembolic risk. For their therapeutic range, being extremely narrow, meticulous drug monitoring by repeated INR-measurements as well as a reliable compliance of the patient to drug intake and dietary restrictions are mandatory to exclude phases with over- or under-anticoagulation. Above all, coumadin therapy is characterized by numerous drug interactions. Thus, whenever the basal medication is changed, for whatever reason, more intense care must be laid to drug monitoring, and the intervals for INR determinations must transiently be shortened. Coumadin derivatives do pass through the placental barrier and in minor amounts also into the milk of breast feeding mothers. Furthermore, they are highly teratogenic. If taken during pregnancy, malformations of the central nervous system are reported to occur in some 10% to 30% of the infants. Thus during pregnancy and in the lactation period, coumadin therapy should be avoided. Bleeding episodes of different severity are the most frequent adverse effects of anticoagulant therapy, no matter whether heparin or coumadin is given. There is a direct relation between the intensity of anticoagulant therapy and the frequency of bleeds. Luckily, most bleeding episodes do not create major therapeutic problems. In case of severe bleeds, however, the anticoagulant therapy must immediately be suspended. In case of coumadin therapy the immediate administration of 4 packs of PPSB (prothrombin-complex-concentrates) or FFP (fresh-frozen-plasma) with concomitant low doses of heparin is additionally advised. Allopecia diffusa, urticartia and allergic reactions are known side effects of anticoagulant therapy. Patients on long-term heparin may also suffer from severe osteoporosis. On the other hand, heparin treatment raises the hazzards of a HAT-Syndrome (heparin-associated thrombocytopenia) (estimated frequency 0.01% to 0.1% of treated patients), giving rise to severe and life-threatening thrombo-embolic side effects predominantly in the arterial tree. In these cases, heparin must be suspended despite those severe thrombo-embolic episodes.
Effect on serum lipids of monounsaturated oil and margarine in the diet of an Antarctic Expedition.; A 13-wk dietary intervention was carried out with 23 members of the 1991 wintering party of an Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition. Canola margarine and canola cooking oil were substituted for usual dietary fats (butter, a margarine containing 28% saturated fat, a polyunsaturated margarine, and vegetable oil). Mean energy intake slowly decreased although body weight slowly increased during the 42-wk wintering-over period. During 13 wk of dietary substitution, mean total cholesterol and low-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations fell by 7.0% and 10.0%, respectively (P < 0.05, repeated-measures ANOVA). These changes were not found in a second wintering-over group that did not experience this dietary intervention. The data indicate that a relatively simple change to the food supply has the potential to produce significant beneficial changes in lipoprotein lipid profile.
Comparison of the effects of diets enriched in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids on serum lipids and lipoproteins in healthy women and men.; The degree to which different saturated fatty acids exert their cholesterol-raising effects is still unknown. Therefore, we studied the effect on serum lipids and lipoproteins of diets rich in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. Eighteen women and 14 men consumed in random order three experimental diets, each for 6 wk. The diets consisted of solid foods and contained 40% of energy as fat, of which 28% was supplied by the experimental fats. The fat high in lauric acid was a mixture of palm kernel oil (75%) and a high-oleic acid sunflower oil (25%); the fat high in palmitic acid consisted of dairy fat (55%), palmstearin (36%), and sunflower oil (9%); and the fat high in oleic acid consisted of dairy fat (37%) and sunflower oil (63%). The calculated nutrient composition was the same in each diet except for approximately equal to 8.5% of energy, which was provided by lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. With the lauric acid diet the subjects' serum total cholesterol concentration increased by 0.22 mmol/L (P = 0.0121; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.41 mmol/L) as compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.48 mmol/L (P < 0.0001; 95% CI: 0.29, 0.67 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. Total cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid diet were 0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.0012; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.46 mmol/L) higher than with the oleic acid diet. High-density-lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentrations increased by 0.12 mmol/L (P = 0.006; 95% CI: 0.04, 0.20 mmol/L) with the lauric acid compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.14 mmol/L (P < 0.001; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.22 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. HDL-cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid and the oleic acid diet were the same. No effects were seen in serum triacylglycerol and lipoprotein(a) concentrations. We conclude that both lauric and palmitic acids are hypercholesterolemic compared with oleic acid. Lauric acid raises total cholesterol concentrations more than palmitic acid, which is partly due to a stronger rise in HDL cholesterol.
The effect of postoperative analgesia with continuous epidural bupivacaine after cesarean section on the amount of breast feeding and infant weight gain.; The purpose of this study is to determine the effect of postoperative analgesia on the amount of breast feeding and infant weight gain. Thirty parturients undergoing elective cesarean section under spinal anesthesia were randomly allocated to receive postoperative pain management with (S-E group, n = 15) or without epidural bupivacaine (S group, n = 15). Epidural analgesia was performed for 3 days with a continuous epidural infusion (0.7 mL/h) of 0.25% bupivacaine. Diclofenac was available on demand in all patients. The weight of milk fed by breast and the infant weight were measured for 11 days after cesarean section. In the S-E group, the visual analog pain score after surgery was significantly lower and both the weight of milk fed by breast and the infant weight during the study were significantly more than the respective values in the S group. The S group required a larger dose of diclofenac after the operation than did the S-E group. We suggest that satisfactory postoperative pain relief with continuous epidural bupivacaine for 3 days after cesarean section improved the amount of breast feeding and the gain of infant weight.
Very-low-density lipoprotein of uremic patients is a poor substrate for bovine lipoprotein lipase in vitro.; Very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) from 10 hemodialysis patients and 10 healthy controls was studied with respect to the substrate characteristics for bovine milk lipoprotein lipase (LPL). Compared with the control subjects, the hemodialysis patients had significantly higher serum triglyceride and apolipoprotein B-associated apolipoprotein CIII concentrations (1.03 +/- 0.31 v 1.98 +/- 0.86 mmol/L and 0.004 +/- 0.002 v 0.011 +/- 0.005 g/L, respectively), lower serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and apolipoprotein AI concentrations (1.33 +/- 0.37 v 0.95 +/- 0.31 mmol/L and 1.29 +/- 0.25 v 1.09 +/- 0.23 g/L, respectively), and lower postheparin plasma LPL activity (82 +/- 24 v 35 +/- 14 milliU/milliL). There were also significant increases in the relative fat content and diameter of VLDL particles from patients versus controls. VLDL was labeled with a fluorescent phospholipid analog, DHPE, and the rate of the lipolytic reaction with purified bovine milk LPL was estimated from the increase in fluorescence intensity at 490 nm. There was no significant difference between initial reaction velocities in the study groups, but VLDL particles from hemodialysis patients were lipolyzed to a significantly lesser extent than those from healthy controls (mean increase in fluorescence intensity after completion of the reaction, 95 +/- 36 v 140 +/- 43 arbitrary units). These results are in accordance with the accumulation of remnant particles reported to occur in uremia despite only a moderately increased serum triglyceride concentration.
Protein requirements of infants and children: growth during recovery from malnutrition.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the adequacy of protein intakes now recommended as safe for infants and toddlers., METHODS: Subjects were recovering malnourished infants, age 5.3 to 17.9 months, length age (LA) 2.5 to 6.4 months, weight age (WA) 1.5 to 5.2 months, weight/length (W/L) 78% to 100% of National Center for Health Statistics data; and toddlers age 11.4 to 31.6 months, LA 6.1 to 17.9 months, WA 3.9 to 12.0 months, W/L 79% to 99%. Infants were assigned at random to formulas with 5.5%, 6.7%, or 8.0% energy as 60:40 whey:casein protein. The 5.5% was based on FAO-WHO-UNU safe protein and average energy for ages 2.5 to 6.0 months. Toddlers received 4.7% (recommended for 6 to 18 months), 6.4%, or 8.0%. Identical concentrations (weight/kcal) of other nutrients were maintained; intakes were adjusted weekly to reach, in 90 days, the 50th percentile of weight for a LA 3 months greater than the initial one., RESULTS: Infants consumed 125 +/- 11 (SD), 116 +/- 10, and 126 +/- kcal and 1.7 +/- 0.1, 1.9 +/- 0.2, and 2.5 +/- 0.3 g protein kg-1 . d-1; gained 2.4 +/- 0.7, 2.9 +/- 0.7, and 2.6 +/- 0.5 months in LA, and reached a W/L of 105 +/- 5, 103 +/- 6, and 105 +/- 5% of reference. Sum of four fat-folds (sigma FF) grew 13.1 +/- 6.9, 10.4 +/- 4.8, and 11.7 +/- 5.3 mm to 32.5 +/- 5.2, 31.7 +/- 4.7, and 30.5 +/- 5.5 mm; arm muscle areas (AMA) 57%, 51%, 70% to 1004 +/- 109, 1017 +/- 110, and 1004 +/- 116 mm2, still low; arm fat areas (AFA) 93%, 66%, and 93% to higher-than-normal 598 +/- 105, 610 +/- 101, and 541 +/- 116 mm2. Regression of intake on weight gain estimated energy for maintenance + activity to be 81.0 +/- 7.5 (SEM) kcal . kg-1 . d-1, and cost of gain (storage + metabolic cost) as 7.6 +/- 1.7 kcal/g, with no significant effect of % protein. Toddlers consumed 107 +/- 9, 103 +/- 12, and 105 +/- 10 kcal and 1.3 +/- 0.1, 1.6 +/- 0.2, and 2.1 +/- 0.2 g protein . kg-1 . d-1, gained 3.3 +/- 0.7, 2.9 +/- 0.6, and 3.3 +/- 0.7 months in LA; to a W/L of 102 +/- 1, 102 +/- 3, and 101 +/- 4%. Sigma FF grew 9.2 +/- 4.0, 7.4 +/- 4.3, and 6.0 +/- 3.8 to 28.9 +/- 5.2, 30.5 +/- 3.7, and 27.0 +/- 2.7 mm; AMA 31%, 33%, and 34% to 1121 +/- 115, 1124 +/- 110, and 1117 +/- 120 mm2; AFA 53%, 44%, and 45% to higher-than normal 578 +/- 106, 636 +/- 99, and 569 +/- 68 mm2. Cost of maintenance + activity was 70.8 +/- 3.8 (SEM) kcal . kg-1 . d-1, that of weight gain 9.7 +/- 1.35 kcal/g, with no effect of % protein., CONCLUSIONS: Within age groups, there were no significant protein-related differences in growth. In both infants and toddlers, high-energy intakes resulted in mild obesity, with lean body mass still deficient. Protein intakes two SD below the means in the lowest protein/energy cells, 1.5 g . kg-1 . d-1 for infants and 1.1 g times kg-1 . d-1 for toddlers, should still be safe for nearly all children of comparable biological ages.
Relative effects of high saturated fatty acid levels in meat, dairy products, and tropical oils on serum lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein degradation by mononuclear cells in healthy males.; To determine the effects of three saturated fatty acid combinations on lipoprotein metabolism, we fed 18 21- to 32-year-old men three diets in a crossover design for 28-day periods separated by washout periods of 4 to 6 weeks. The men self-selected a prescribed diet at home emphasizing saturated fat as the visible fat for 1 week. Then, they ate experimental diets providing 40%, 15%, 17%, and 7% of food energy, respectively, as total, saturated, monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated fatty acids, levels representing amounts available in the US diet. Different test fatty acid combinations, given at 4 to 6 energy% (en%) each, were incorporated into food products: 12:0 + 14:0, 14:0 + 16:0, and 16:0 + 18:0. Test fatty acids were equalized by giving free myristic acid (14:0) with palm kernel oil or butter and sheanut butter (high in 18:0) with lard. The diet highest in 12:0 + 14:0 also provided 4.2 en% 16:0, the most common saturated fatty acid in the US diet. Mean apparent absorption of all fatty acids was at least 90%. The three diets produced similar concentrations of serum total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and apolipoprotein (apo) B-100 regardless of the apo E phenotype of the subjects. Compared with baseline, the experimental diets affected serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) concentrations (P < .06), with the highest values occurring on diet 12:0 + 14:0. When the change from baseline in receptor-mediated degradation of 125I-LDL in freshly isolated mononuclear cells (MNC) was stratified by apo E phenotype, diet 16:0 + 18:0 produced a 30% increase, compared with a 9% decrease on diet 12:0 + 14:0 and a 6% increase on diet 14:0 + 16:0 in subjects with the apo E3/3 phenotype. These results suggested that different saturated fatty acid combinations, consumed at levels typical of availability in the United States and with diets providing ample unsaturated fat, had similar cholesterolemic properties in healthy males despite some subtly different effects on lipoprotein metabolism.
Effect on lipoprotein profile of replacing butter with margarine in a low fat diet: randomised crossover study with hypercholesterolaemic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect on lipid and lipoprotein concentrations when butter or an unsaturated margarine is used for cooking or spreading in a reduced fat diet., DESIGN: Randomised crossover study with two intervention periods of six weeks' duration separated by a five week washout., SETTING: Community setting in New Zealand., SUBJECTS: 49 volunteers with polygenic hypercholesterolaemia and baseline total cholesterol concentration in the range 5.5-7.9 mmol/l., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Concentrations of total and low density lipoprotein, Lp(a) lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, apolipoprotein B 100, and apolipoprotein A I., RESULTS: Concentrations of low density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B were about 10% lower with margarine than with butter. Lp(a) lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were similar with the two diets., CONCLUSION: Despite concerns about adverse effects on lipoproteins of trans fatty acids in margarines, the use of unsaturated margarine rather than butter by hypercholesterolaemic people is associated with a lipoprotein profile that would be expected to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Community-based education classes for hypertension control. A 1.5-year randomized controlled trial.; Community-based hypertension control is important for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. In this study, untreated men and women aged 35 to 69 years were randomly assigned to an intervention (n=56) or control (n=55) group in a 1.5-year community-based education program. Subjects had no evidence of hypertensive end-organ defects and had screening blood pressures of 140 to 179 mm Hg systolic and/or 90 to 109 mm Hg diastolic, with no difference in mean blood pressure between groups (148 to 150 mm Hg for mean systolic and 83 to 84 mm Hg for mean diastolic pressures). The intervention group took four education classes in the first 6 months and four classes during the next year, and the control group took two classes. Health education focused on reduced dietary sodium and increased milk intake, brisk walking, and, if necessary, reduction of alcohol and sugar intakes. Antihypertensive medication was started less often in the intervention than in the control group at 1.5 years (9% versus 24%, P <.05). Mean systolic pressure was 5 to 6 mm Hg less in the intervention than in the control group at both 6 months and 1.5 years (P <.05), with or without inclusion of those subjects who began antihypertensive medication. Diastolic pressure and body mass index did not change significantly between groups. Urinary sodium excretion declined in the intervention but not in the control group (differences between groups: P=.04 at 6 months and P=.07 at 1.5 years). According to a behavioral questionnaire, sodium reduction and milk increase were greater in the intervention than the control group (sodium: P <.01 at 6 months and P=.08 at 1.5 years; milk: P <.001 at 6 months and P <.01 at 1.5 years). Mean ethanol intake was reduced in the intervention but not the control group (P=.04 at 1.5 years). This community-based hypertension control program was effective in reducing systolic pressure levels by nonpharmacological means during the first 6 months and maintaining the reduction for 1.5 years.
Modifying the fatty acid profile of dairy products through feedlot technology lowers plasma cholesterol of humans consuming the products.; Intake of milk and butter has been clearly associated with higher coronary heart disease rates in different countries and this is likely to be mediated by the hypercholesterolemic effect of dairy fat. Fat-modified dairy products are an innovation involving a technology in which protected unsaturated lipids are fed to ruminants resulting in milk and tissue lipids with reduced saturated fatty acids. We examined the impact of these novel dairy fats on plasma lipids in a human dietary trial. Thirty-three men and women participated in an 8-wk randomized crossover trial comparing fat-modified with conventional dairy products. The trial consisted of a 2-wk low-fat baseline period followed by two 3-wk intervention phases. During the test periods, the fat-modified products resulted in a significant 0.28-mmol/L (4.3%) lowering of total cholesterol (P < 0.001). Most of this decrease was in LDL cholesterol, which decreased by 0.24 mmol/L (P < 0.001) whereas HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerols remained essentially unchanged. This alteration in the fatty acid profile of dairy products, if applied to populations typical of developed Western countries, represents a potential strategy to lower the risk of coronary heart disease without any appreciable change in customary eating patterns.
Plasma lipoprotein profile and lipolytic activities in response to the substitution of lean white fish for other animal protein sources in premenopausal women.; A crossover study was conducted to examine the effects on plasma lipoprotein concentrations of substituting lean white fish (LWF) for beef, port, veal, eggs, and milk products (BPVEM) within prudent isoenergetic diets. Fourteen premenopausal women received 8784 kJ--20% as protein, 50% as carbohydrates, and 30% as lipids [ratio of polyunsaturated to monounsaturated to saturated fatty acids (P:M:S) of 1:1:1 compared with 0.4:1:1 in preexperimental diet]--and 260 mg cholesterol/d. After 4 wk, the BPVEM diet significantly reduced concentrations of plasma cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, HDL-apolipoprotein A-I, and LDL-apolipoprotein B (P<0.05) as well as plasma postheparin hepatic triacylglycerol lipase activity compared with the preexperimental diet. These effects are probably attributable to elevation of the P:M:S. These responses were not observed with the LWF diet, suggesting that fish protein in LWF maintains unchanged plasma cholesterol concentrations despite a high P:M:S. The LWF diet, compared with the preexperimental diet, reduced very-low-density-lipoprotein triacylglycerol (P<0.05) and also the ratio of LDL cholesterol to apolipoprotein B (P<0.05), revealing the presence of denser LDL particles. Compared with the BPVEM diet, the LWF diet induced lower concentrations of very-low-density-lipoprotein triacylglycerols (P<0.05) and higher concentrations of LDL triacylglycerol and LDL apolipoprotein B (P<0.05), which were not associated with any increase in lipoprotein lipase activity. These results suggest that LWF as a substitute for BPVEM in isoenergetic diets with an elevated P:S produces minimal improvement in the lipoprotein profile in premenopausal women.
Impact of hydrogenated fat consumption on endogenous cholesterol synthesis and susceptibility of low-density lipoprotein to oxidation in moderately hypercholesterolemic individuals.; The effects of replacing corn oil with corn oil margarine in stick form on endogenous cholesterol synthesis and susceptibility of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) to oxidation were assessed in 14 middle-aged and elderly men and women aged 63 +/- 12 years (mean +/- SD) with moderate hypercholesterolemia (mean LDL-cholesterol [LDL-C], 4.24 +/- 0.59 mmol/L at the time of recruitment). Subjects consumed each of two diets for 32-day periods, one enriched in corn oil, which contained 30% of energy as fat (7% saturated fatty acid [SFA], 9% monounsaturated fatty acid [MUFA] [0.4% 18:1n9 trans], and 11% polyunsaturated fatty acid [PUFA]) and 85 mg cholesterol/4.2 MJ, and one enriched in stick corn oil margarine, which contained 30% fat (8% SFA, 12% MUFA [4.2% 18:1n9trans], and 8% PUFA) and 77 mg cholesterol/4.2 MJ. Both diets were isocaloric and supplied by a metabolic research kitchen. Mean total cholesterol levels were lowest (P = .039) when subjects consumed the corn oil-enriched diet (5.01 +/- 0.51 mmol/L) as compared with the margarine-enriched diet (5.30 +/- 0.58 mmol/L). LDL-C levels were 3.24 +/- 0.51 and 3.50 +/- 0.54 mmol/L when subjects consumed corn oil-and margarine-enriched diets, respectively (P = .058). There were no significant differences in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) or triglyceride concentrations between the two experimental periods. Consumption of the margarine-enriched diet versus the corn oil-enriched diet tended to result in lower cholesterol fractional synthetic rates ([C-FSRs] 0.0466 +/- 0.0175 and 0.0668 +/- 0.0298, respectively, P = .080) and cholesterol absolute synthetic rates ([C-ASRs] 1.1761 +/- 0.5375 and 1.6954 +/- 0.8685, respectively, P = .092); however, differences did not reach statistical significance. Consumption of the margarine-enriched diet versus the corn oil-enriched diet resulted in a significantly higher concentration of alpha-tocopherol in both plasma and LDL(P = .004 and P = .011, respectively). LDL particle size tended to be smaller after subjects consumed the margarine-enriched diet versus the corn oil-enriched diet (P = .103). Susceptibility of LDL to oxidation was similar after consumption of the corn oil- and margarine-enriched diets. These data suggest that an increased rate of endogenous cholesterol synthesis did not contribute to the higher plasma cholesterol concentrations during the period when subjects consumed the margarine-enriched diet. Therefore, the increase in cholesterol concentration resulting from margarine consumption was likely attributable, at least in part, to a decreased catabolic rate of cholesterol. Additionally, susceptibility of LDL to in vitro oxidation was not altered by consumption of hydrogenated fat.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fat on blood glucose and insulin responses in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; To compare the metabolic effect of coingestion of saturated and monounsaturated fats with potato, 12 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) received 300 g mashed potato alone or in combination with 40 g olive oil, 80 g olive oil, 50 g butter, or 100 g butter, respectively. The blood glucose response area to potatoes with 100 g butter (448 +/- 68 mmol.240 min/L) was significantly lower than after the four other meals: 596 +/- 63 (potato alone), 649 +/- 82 (potato + 40 g olive oil), 587 +/- 80 (potato + 50 g butter), and 604 +/- 81 (potato + 80 g olive oil) nmol.240 min/L, P < 0.05, respectively. The insulin response was significantly increased by adding 50 and 100 g butter, whereas addition of 40 and 80 g olive oil had no effect. The fatty acid concentration was higher when 100 g butter was added to the potato meal than when it was not (0.67 +/- 0.05 compared with 0.48 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, P < 0.05). Fatty acid concentrations were similar to those found for the other meals. The triacylglycerol response increased in a dose-dependent manner with the fat content of the meals irrespective of the type of fat. We conclude that butter increases the insulin response more than does olive oil, and large amounts of butter also increase fatty acid and triacylglycerol concentrations.
Relationships between administration of GnRH, body condition score and fertility in Holstein dairy cattle.; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of GnRH treatment in dairy cows differing in body condition score. A total of 2437 primiparous and multiparous cows was allocated randomly to receive either GnRH (100 microg) or placebo at the post partum exam (25 to 35 d) and at the first breeding. Complete records were available from 1906 cows: Group 1 (n = 535) placebo and placebo; Group 2 (n = 489) GnRH and placebo; Group 3 (n = 438) placebo and GnRH; and Group 4 (n = 444) GnRH and GnRH. The change of body condition score during early lactation was determined on a 1 to 5 scale (1 = emaciated to 5 = obese). Cows with a high body condition score (> or =3.0) at the first breeding had 8.8 fewer days to first service and 6.4 fewer days open but more services per conception (0.16) than cows with low body condition score (<3.0). Conception rate improved when GnRH was administered at the first breeding to cows with a body condition score of <3.0 at the first breeding regardless of parity. The administration of GnRH at the post partum exam decreased the conception rate in first lactation cows but was beneficial for cows in second and greater lactations. Thus the efficacy of GnRH may not be consistent in all parities and body condition groups.
Comparing early embryo mortality in dairy cows during hot and cool seasons of the year.; The objectives of this study were to identify the level and stage of embryonic mortality that occur in dairy cows during hot and cool seasons of the year. Experimental dairy cows, of varying ages, were artificially inseminated with frozen-thawed semen from proven Holstein sires. Females on each dairy unit were then randomly allocated to one of three experimental groups after partitioning by day of artificial insemination, days post partum, parity, and current milk production level. In Group I and Group II, nonsurgical embryo collection was performed on each cow using Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline as the flushing medium. Embryos from cows in Group I were collected on Days 6 or 7 post insemination during the hot (n=93) and cool (n=64) seasons. Embryos from cows in Group II were collected on Days 13 or 14 post insemination during the hot (n=97) and cool (n=63) seasons. In Group III, contemporary control cows were also inseminated during the hot (n=106) and cool (n=106) seasons, and fetal heart beat was evaluated via ultrasound between Days 25 and 35 following insemination. Embryo viability decreased (P<0.05) from 59% at Day 7 to 27% at Day 14 in the hot season, but was not decreased during the cool season (52 vs. 60%). Pregnancy rate at Days 25 to 35 was 21% in the hot season, which was less (P<0.05) than the 36% in the cool season. The percentage of unfertilized ova collected in both the hot and cool seasons suggests that fertilization failure was not affected by season of breeding. In summary, embryonic loss after Day 7 of pregnancy appears to be a problem in this hot, dry climate.
Effects of infant nutrition on cholesterol synthesis rates.; Nutrient effects on cholesterol fractional synthesis rates (FSR) in infancy by stable isotope determination have not been studied. We hypothesized that FSR is significantly reduced with high dietary cholesterol and phytoestrogen intake and increased with low dietary cholesterol and phytoestrogen intake. We prospectively studied 33 term male infants exclusively fed human milk (high cholesterol, low phytoestrogen, n = 12), cow milk-based formula (low cholesterol, low phytoestrogen, n = 8), soy milk-based formula (zero cholesterol, high phytoestrogen, n = 7), or soy milk-based formula modified to contain cholesterol (low cholesterol, high phytoestrogen, n = 6) during the first 4 mo of life. Cholesterol FSR was determined from rate of incorporation of deuterium into erythrocyte membrane cholesterol, and urinary isoflavone excretion (an index of dietary phytoestrogen exposure) was measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Significant differences in cholesterol FSR were found. FSR (%/d) was lowest in human milk (2.62 +/- 0.38), highest in soy milk-based formula (9.40 +/- 0.51), and intermediate in cow milk-based and modified soy milk-based formula (6.90 +/- 0.48 and 8.03 +/- 0.28, respectively), p < 0.0001. Cholesterol FSR was significantly lower in modified soy milk-based compared with soy milk-based formula, p < 0.05. We also show for the first time that dietary phytoestrogens are absorbed and excreted by the infant fed soy protein-based formula. Urinary isoflavone excretion was inversely related to cholesterol FSR, but it was not significantly related to serum cholesterol concentration. We conclude that the type of infant nutrition and dietary cholesterol are major factors influencing cholesterol fractional synthesis rates in infancy.
Frozen desserts and glycemic response in well-controlled NIDDM patients.; Fructose is known to elicit a lower glycemic response than sucrose, and high-fructose desserts have been recommended for a diabetic diet. We compared a cholesterol-free tofu-based frozen dessert (TFD) containing high-fructose corn syrups with a dairy-based sucrose-sweetened ice cream (IC). Six male and six female non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients (mean age 51 yr, mean ideal body weight 143%, fasting blood glucose less than 160 mg/dl) with well-controlled diabetes and managed on oral hypoglycemic agents were studied. Subjects underwent three trials. In the first trial they ingested 50 g glucose, and in the next two trials they ingested 50-g carbohydrate equivalents of either TFD or IC in random sequence. Venous blood was drawn at intervals during the 3-h trials for glucose and insulin determinations. Fasting plasma glucose was not statistically different between IC and TFD trials (130 vs. 121 mg/dl). Peak glucose responses were at 120 min in both trials (190 mg/dl for IC and 222 mg/dl for TFD), with those for TFD being significantly higher (P less than 0.01). Mean glucose area and glycemic index for TFD were significantly greater than for IC (P less than 0.01 and P less than 0.03, respectively). There was no significant difference between mean insulin areas. In summary, the TFD, which contains soybean curd and high-fructose corn syrup, might have been expected to produce more satisfactory postprandial blood glucose levels than IC, which contains sucrose, yet a higher glycemic response was elicited. This is related to the substantial amount of total glucose in this "fructose" dessert.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of a soy-protein beverage on plasma lipoproteins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.; The effects of soy protein (35% of protein energy) given as a beverage and those of cow-milk proteins were investigated on plasma lipoprotein concentrations in children with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH). Subjects were randomly assigned to either the soy-protein or cow-milk-protein experimental period, with subsequent crossover after a washout period, each period lasting 4 wk. Diets were planned to provide 20% energy as protein, 28% as fat (polyunsaturated:monounsaturated:saturated fatty acids, 1:3:3) and less than 200 mg cholesterol/d. No changes were observed in either plasma cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, or apolipoprotein concentrations. However, the soy beverage significantly reduced the concentrations of triglyceride and very-low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (P less than 0.05) and significantly increased the concentrations of high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and HDL3-C (P less than 0.04 and P less than 0.03, respectively). These results indicate that the administration of soy protein may induce clinically beneficial effects in children with FH.
Influence of diets containing cow's milk or soy protein beverage on plasma lipids in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.; The present article summarizes the effects of diets containing either cow's milk or soy protein beverage on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia. After a stabilization period of 6 weeks without any hypolipemic medication, 10 subjects aged 6-12 years were randomly assigned to either cow's milk or soy protein beverage with subsequent crossover after a washout period, each of 4 weeks duration. During the experimental periods, subjects were fed diets containing 20% of energy as protein, of which 35% was from cow's milk protein or soy protein isolate, 28% of energy as fat with a polyunsaturated:monounsaturated:saturated fat ratio of 1:3:3, and less than 200 mg/day of cholesterol. The soy protein beverage, compared to cow's milk, induced significant reductions in plasma triglycerides and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, as well as a significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, indicating that consumption of soy protein beverage may be beneficial for the prevention of coronary heart disease in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Efficacy of the topical anesthetic cream, EMLA, in alleviating both needle insertion and injection pain.; To assess the efficacy of the topical anesthetic cream, EMLA, in alleviating the pain produced by infiltration of local anesthetic prior to surgical skin biopsies, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed on 54 patients undergoing 162 excisional biopsies. Both pain induced by needle insertion and pain induced by local injection were significantly diminished after topical application of EMLA cream. However, part of the effect was placebo, because the placebo ointment (Vaseline) also produced significant pain alleviation.
[Breast feeding and the nutritional status of Chilean children].; The purpose of this work was to describe the diet of children under 18 months of age and its relationship to nutritional status. For this purpose, in 1993 a prevalence study was carried out on children who received care from the National Health Services System of Chile. The Chilean public health system provides care to 75% of children under 6 years of age and especially to children of families in the lower strata of income distribution in the country. Participants in the study were 9330 children under 18 months old who were randomly selected from 102 of the 320 urban clinics throughout the country. The type of food these infants had received the day prior to the interview (breast milk exclusively, breast milk plus solid food, formula exclusively, formula plus solid food) and their nutritional status relative to the standards of the National Center for Health Statistics (United States of America) and of WHO were determined. Children with z values for weight-for-age between -1.0 and -2.0 standard deviations were considered at risk for malnutrition, and those with z values under 2 standard deviations were classified as malnourished. The prevalences of exclusive breast-feeding at the first, third, and sixth months of life were 86.5%, 66.7%, and 25.3%, respectively. Some 12.1% of the participants showed low weight for age; 30.7%, low height for age; and 35.7%, overweight. The magnitude of weight-for-age deficiency was 1.2 to 5 times greater among children who were fed milk substitutes than among those who received breast milk. Breast-feeding also had a positive effect on height. These results confirm the benefits of exclusive breast-feeding until 6 months of age, the need to supplement the child's diet with solid food after that age, and the breast-feeding's protective effect on the nutritional status of children of all the ages studied.
Topical fat reduction.; The fat on women's thighs is more difficult to mobilize due to increased alpha-2 adrenergic receptor activity induced by estrogen. Lipolysis can be initiated through adipocyte receptor stimulation (beta adrenergic) or inhibition (adenosine or alpha-2 adrenergic) or by inhibition of phosphodiesterase. Since many women desire regional thigh fat loss, a series of clinical trials were initiated using one thigh as a double-blinded control. Trial #1: Five overweight women had injections of isoproterenol at intervals around the thigh three times a week for 4 weeks with diet and walking. Trial #2: Five overweight woman had ointment containing forskolin, yohimbine and aminophylline applied to the thigh five times a week for 4 weeks after hypertonic warm soaks with a diet and walking. Trial #3: Eighteen overweight women were divided into three groups of six and trial #2 was repeated with each agent alone vs. placebo using forskolin, yohimbine or aminophylline in separate ointments. Trial #4: Thirty overweight women had 10% aminophylline ointment applied to the thigh five times a week for 6 weeks with diet and walking. Chemistry panel, theophylline level and patch testing were performed. Trial #5: Twelve women had trial #4 repeated with 2% aminophylline cream without a diet or walking. Trial #6: Trial #5 was repeated with 0.5% aminophylline cream. All trials except yohimbine ointment gave significantly more girth loss from the treated thigh (p < 0.05 to p < 0.001). Chemistry panel showed no toxicity. Theophylline was undetectable and patch testing was negative. We conclude that topical fat reduction for women's thighs can be achieved without diet or exercise.
Dietary practices, alcohol consumption, and smoking behavior: ethnic, sex, and acculturation differences.; Current knowledge is scarce on Latino dietary practices. This study compared the dietary practices, alcohol consumption, and smoking behavior of Latinos and non-Latino whites in two randomly selected samples. Telephone surveys of adults 35-74 years of age from the Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program (Latinos = 844; non-Latino whites = 510) and from census tract-based areas (Latinos = 806; non-Latino whites = 436) were conducted in the San Francisco Bay Area. Latino ethnicity was a significant predictor of dietary and alcohol consumption practices in multivariate logistic regression models after adjustment for sex, education, age, employment, health insurance, martial status, county of residence, and self-perceived health status. Compared with non-Latino whites, Latinos were significantly less likely to report eating vegetables and more likely to eat rice, beans, and fried foods and to drink whole milk. Less acculturated Latinos were more likely to eat fruits, rice, beans, meat, and fried foods and to drink whole milk than more acculturated Latinos. Latino men were significantly more likely to be binge drinkers, and Latina women were significantly more likely to abstain from drinking alcohol during the month prior to the interview. As Latina women acculturate to the U.S. mainstream, they report more cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption. Although Latinos reported higher levels of selected high-fiber foods, the low consumption of vegetables, widespread use of saturated fat, and the heavy drinking and smoking among Latino men, which are associated with the level of acculturation, may increase the risk for cancer. Educational messages targeting less acculturated Latinos should focus on maintaining their current healthy dietary practices of eating fruits, rice, and beans and decreasing their fat consumption. For more acculturated Latinos, emphasis should be placed on resuming the traditional diet.
Human leukocyte interferon-alpha versus podophyllotoxin in cream for the treatment of genital warts in males. A placebo-controlled, double-blind, comparative study.; BACKGROUND: The incidence of overt genital warts, a common sexually transmitted disease of high prevalence, has been on the rise for the last few years. The infection is caused by several types of human papillomaviruses (HPVs), some of which have been accepted as a factor in the pathogenesis of genital squamous-cell carcinomas., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this double-blind, placebo-controlled study was to compare and evidence differences in clinical efficacy and tolerance between human leukocyte interferon-alpha (2 x 10(6) IU/g) and podophyllotoxin (0.5%), incorporated in a hydrophilic cream base to cure genital warts in Asian males., METHODS: Sixty patients, circumcised, who ranged in age from 18 to 40 years (mean 25.0), diagnosed with the evidence of penoscopy and HPV DNA (Southern dot blot) as harboring 396 lesions (mean 6.6), were randomized to three parallel groups. Each subject was allocated a precoded tube (40 g) containing one of two trial preparations or matching placebo for 3 days' (consecutive) usage, thrice daily. The study lasted 16 weeks with 4 weeks of active treatment. The patients were examined on a weekly basis, and a clinically and HPV-DNA-confirmed total regression of lesions was recorded as cured. Patients cured during the treatment were spared further therapy and were requested to visit us as scheduled for poststudy follow-up., RESULTS: Findings indicated that patients treated with leukocyte interferon-alpha cream had shown comparatively better results than the podophyllotoxin-treated group (90 vs. 55%, p < 0.0285) or the placebo group (15%). Mild and transient localized erythema (8.3%), burning sensation (6.6%) and transitory increase in body temperature (> 38 degrees C; 6.6%) were the most frequent adverse symptoms with no dropout. The study was followed up for 1 year, and out of 32/60 (53.3%) cured patients 3 had a relapse after 10 months., CONCLUSION: Leukocyte interferon-alpha (2 x 10(6) IU/g) has shown comparatively better results than 0.5% podophyllotoxin and placebo in a hydrophilic cream base, thus leukocyte interferon-alpha in cream may provide an alternative and effective regimen to treat genital warts in males.
Relative effects on serum lipids and apolipoproteins of a caprenin-rich diet compared with diets rich in palm oil/palm-kernel oil or butter.; Two randomized, blind studies measured changes in serum cholesterol, other serum lipids, and apolipoprotein (apo) concentrations in hypercholesterolemic men consuming caprenin (Cap)-rich diets after either baseline diets enriched in palm oil/palm-kernel oil (PO/PKO) or butter. The triglyceride Cap contains 45% 22:0 and 50% 8:0-10:0. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the PO/PKO diet, the 17 subjects on the Cap diet showed significant reductions after 6 wk in HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), HDL2-C, and HDL3-C and a significant increase in the ratio of total cholesterol, LDL-C, triglycerides, apo B-100, or apo A-I were seen. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the butter diet, after 6 wk the seven subjects receiving the Cap diet showed no significant changes in the lipid and apolipoprotein indexes analyzed. These data show that one or more of 8:0, 10:0, and 22:0 fatty acids can contribute to hypercholesterolemia in men.
Pharmacokinetics, biodistribution, and dosimetry of specific and control radiolabeled monoclonal antibodies in patients with primary head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.; The pharmacokinetics, biodistribution, and dosimetry of an IgG1 radiolabeled anti-mucin mAb (HMFG1) and an isotype-matched control (4D513) were studied in 29 patients with primary head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. Patients were given injections at 3 fixed time points prior to surgery, i.e., 24 (n = 12), 48 (n = 9), or 72 (n = 8) h. They were subsequently classified into two groups based on their immunohistochemical positivity for polymorphic epithelial mucin. Fourteen patients (48%) were positive, 5 of which were studied with both antibodies; and 15 patients were negative (52%), 7 of which were studied with both antibodies. There was no significant difference in serum pharmacokinetics and cumulative urinary clearance of the two antibodies. There was no significant difference in overall normal tissue uptake of specific and control antibody; however, when each component of the normal tissue category was analyzed individually, there was a significantly increased uptake of HMFG1 in mucosa as compared to control antibody. Immunohistochemical studies revealed positive staining of mucosa with HMFG1. There was significantly increased uptake of specific antibody in antigen-positive tumors as compared to uptake of control antibody (P < 0.02). A tendency for less label loss over time from positive tumors as compared to control was documented. Absolute antibody uptake and tumor/normal tissue ratios demonstrated significant overlap in individual patients from each category depending on the specific ratio (e.g., tumor/adipose tissue) or time point studied; hence arbitrary cutoff values could not be recommended as indicators of specific uptake. Specificity and localization indices were the most reproducible indicators of specific localization. Areas under the curve were calculated for all tissues, and local dosimetry for the two beta-emitting isotopes 131I and 90Y is presented. The Deq values for antigen-positive tumors were 2.9 cGy/mCi for 131I and 9.0 cGy/mCi injected for 90Y. For antigen-negative tumors these values were significantly lower at 0.83 and 2.4 cGy/mCi of 131I and 90Y, respectively. Bone marrow Deq was calculated to be 0.87 cGy/mCi of 131I-HMFG1 injected. Because the purpose of our ongoing research is to assess the therapeutic potential of the combination of radiolabeled antibody and external radiotherapy, detailed dose calculation to local dose-limiting tissues is required. Deq to mucosa was calculated to be 1.1 and 3.8 cGy/mCi of injected 131I and 90Y, respectively. We conclude that a 9-10-Gy dose increment may be achieved in two administrations of 150 mCi of 131I-HMFG1 during a course of external radiotherapy. This may lead to improved control of local disease in patients with head and neck cancer.
Effects of low-fat milk and fermented low-fat milk on cholesterol absorption and excretion in ileostomy subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To study small bowel cholesterol absorption and sterol excretion in order to explain possible serum cholesterol-lowering mechanisms of low-fat milk products., DESIGN: Two 24-h sterol balance studies with 1 litre of low-fat milk or one litre of fermented milk, in random order, added to a controlled diet. [3H]Cholesterol absorption was measured during each period. The results were compared to those on two 24-h periods with isocaloric amounts of lemonade given to the same basic diet, before and after the study. One litre of the two milk products was also consumed in addition to their normal diets in a cross-over design of 3 weeks and with run-in and run-out periods of 2 weeks each with 1000 ml of lemonade preceding the balance studies:, SETTING: Outpatient clinic, where the subjects were eating their meals during the day and ileostomy bags collected., SUBJECTS: Nine ileostomy subjects, who have earlier participated in similar studies, volunteered for the study. All subjects completed the study., RESULTS: Cholesterol absorption was highest (66%) in the lemonade period, intermediate in the low-fat milk period (61%) and lowest in the fermented low-fat period (55%) (P < 0.05 for differences). Net cholesterol excretion (excretion minus intake) and calculated endogenous cholesterol excretion were significantly (P < 0.05 for differences) higher in the low-fat milk period than in the lemonade period and the fermented low-fat milk period. No significant change in serum cholesterol was, however, seen after 3 weeks on each milk regimen., CONCLUSION: Assimilation of cholesterol by microorganisms could possibly explain the reduced uptake of cholesterol with fermented milk. The mechanism behind the increased endogenous cholesterol excretion, induced by low-fat milk, is unclear.
Fecal cholesterol excretion in preterm infants fed breast milk or formula with different cholesterol contents.; In 44 very low-birth-weight infants, fecal cholesterol excretion was measured and in 29 other infants serum total cholesterol concentrations in response to different cholesterol intakes were studied. The infants received fortified breast milk (mean cholesterol content 15.3 mg/dl) or were fed either a standard preterm formula (cholesterol content 5.5 mg/dl) or the same formula but with a modified lipid composition (long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid concentration closely related to breast milk fat) and 30 mg of cholesterol/dl. In the group fed the high cholesterol formula, fecal cholesterol excretion was significantly higher (35.5 mmol/kg/day) than in the groups fed breast milk or the standard formula (20.1 and 18.2 mmol/kg/day). Cholesterol balance in the group fed the high cholesterol formula (21.8 mg/kg/day) was significantly higher than in the group fed breast milk (+8.6 mg/kg/day). In the infants fed the low cholesterol formula the balance was negative (-7.7 mg/kg/day). Serum concentrations of total cholesterol were similar in the groups fed breast milk or the high cholesterol formula (3.47 and 3.51 mmol/l), but significantly higher than in the group fed the low cholesterol formula (3.15 mmol/l). The data suggest that preterm infants are able to regulate a higher cholesterol intake than during breast feeding by increasing fecal cholesterol excretion as well as decreasing endogenous synthesis.
Effects of diets containing high or low amounts of stearic acid on plasma lipoprotein fractions and fecal fatty acid excretion of men.; Ten middle-aged males participated in a crossover study to determine the cholesterolemic effect of high amounts of stearic acid in a natural diet. They consumed a 20-d stabilization diet followed by two 40-d intervention diets containing either 1.5% of energy as stearic (18:0) acid and 7.3% of energy as palmitic (16:0) acid (low stearate: LS) or 2.4% of energy as 16:0 and 7.3% of energy as 18:0 (high stearate: HS). The experimental diets also contained approximately 10% of energy each as saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids and 7.2-8% of energy as polyunsaturated fatty acids. The primary source of 18:0 in the HS diet was sheanut oil (commercially referred to as shea butter) and palm oil and butter in the LS diet. Plasma total, low-density-lipoprotein, and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol were significantly lower with the HS than with the LS diet. Total fecal fatty acid excretion was higher throughout the HS period. Apparent digestibility of the major dietary fatty acids showed that all of the selected fatty acids, except 18:0, were > or = 95% absorbed. These data demonstrate that feeding diets containing about two times the usual amount of stearic acid consumed in the United States, contributed to an increase in plasma lipoprotein concentrations at 40 d from an earlier decrease at 20 d. The time required to achieve stable cholesterol concentrations appears to vary depending on the kind of saturated fatty acids present in the diet.
Fortification of human milk: evaluation of a novel fortification scheme and of a new fortifier.; Human milk fed to very-low-birth-weight infants must be fortified with protein, minerals, and vitamins. We tested a new fortification regimen in which the amount of fortifier was adjusted on the basis of frequent determinations of serum urea nitrogen (SUN). A newly formulated fortifier based on bovine milk proteins was employed either in the new fashion (regimen ADJ) or in the conventional fixed proportion (regimen FIX). Using the fixed proportion, the study also compared the new fortifier with a fortifier based on human milk protein (regimen HMP). Twelve infants were studied with each of the three regimens; nearly all completed 3 weeks of study. Protein intake was generally higher in ADJ than FIX; the difference was significant (p < 0.01) during week 2. Weight gain was somewhat (but not significantly) greater in regimen ADJ (32.3 g/d or 18.8 g/kg/d) than in regimen FIX (30.0 g/d or 18.3 g/kg/d). SUN was higher in ADJ than in FIX, and several other serum chemical values (calcium, phosphorus, potassium) tended to be higher, probably reflecting higher intakes of these nutrients with ADJ than with FIX. Plasma concentrations of several amino acids were higher in ADJ than FIX, but none, including threonine, were outside the physiological range. In comparing regimen FIX to regimen HMP, infants on FIX received similar intakes of protein and showed slightly but not significantly more rapid weight gain. Concentrations of SUN were lower with FIX, but other serum chemical values, including amino acids, were generally similar to HMP. We conclude that use of the new adjustable fortification regimen is feasible and safe and that it should be studied further. It produced the expected increases in nutrient intakes and growth. The new bovine milk-based fortifier appears to be equivalent to the human milk-based fortifier.
Effects of dairy products on bone and body composition in pubertal girls.; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of calcium supplementation with dairy products on the bone and body composition of pubertal girls., DESIGN: Randomized control study with 12-month follow-up., SETTING: General community., SUBJECTS: Forty-eight white girls whose mean age was 11 years and sexual development at Tanner stage 2., INTERVENTION: One group's diet was supplemented with dairy products to the recommended dietary allowance of 1200 mg calcium daily. The other group ate their usual diet., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Bone mineral content and density were measured at the radius, femoral neck, lumbar spine, and total body bone mineral by single-photon and dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry at the start of the study and after 3, 6, 9, and 12 months. Body composition (lean body mass and body fat) was measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry at the same intervals. Serum calcium, phosphate, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, alkaline phosphatase, magnesium, and albumin concentrations were determined at the start and end of the study. The urinary calcium/creatinine ratio and hydroxyproline concentration were also determined., RESULTS: The dairy group had higher intakes of calcium, phosphate, vitamin D, and protein than control subjects. The dairy group had significantly greater increases during the 1-year study in bone mineral density at the lumbar spine bones (22.8% +/- 6.9% vs 12.9% +/- 8.3%) and in total body bone mineral (14.2% +/- 7.0% vs 7.6% +/- 6.0%) than control subjects. Dietary calcium, phosphate, vitamin D, and protein intakes were associated with the lumbar bone density and total body bone calcium. There were no differences in serum or urinary biochemical values between the two groups at the start or end of the study., CONCLUSIONS: Young girls whose dietary calcium intake was provided primarily by dairy products at or above the recommended dietary allowances had an increased rate of bone mineralization. Increased intake of dairy foods did not increase overall total or saturated fat intake and was not associated with excessive weight gain or increased body fat.
Effects of active addition of bacterial cultures in fermented milk to patients with chronic bowel discomfort following irradiation.; Radiotherapy is a cornerstone in the treatment of malignancies in the pelvis. Consequently, there is usually exposure of the intestine and especially the lower colon and rectum, with ensuing disturbances in bowel habits at different times following radiotherapy. The main problem is diarrhoea associated with lactose intolerance, bile salt absorption and fat malabsorption. Bacterial contamination has also been described. In the present study we have evaluated the influence of the active administration of specific bacterial cultures in fermented milk, which inhibit the growth of potentially pathogenic micro-organisms, to 40 consecutive patients with chronic alteration in their bowel habits caused by previous radiotherapy of pelvic malignancies. The results suggest that intake of fermented milk products could be of value in decreasing chronic bowel discomfort following radiotherapy of pelvic malignancies. However, a more extensive study is warranted in order to very the significance of the results and to find the optimal product.
Effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil, partially hydrogenated soybean oil, and butter on serum lipoproteins and Lp[a] in men.; We have compared the effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil (PHFO-diet), partially hydrogenated soybean oil (PHSO-diet), and butterfat (butter-diet) on serum lipids and lipoprotein[a] in 31 young men. The three test margarines, which contributed 78% of total fat in the diets, were produced from 70% of butterfat, PHSO, or PHFO, each with 30% of soybean oil. Fat provided about 35% of energy, and trans fatty acids 0.9%, 8.5%, and 8.0% of energy in the butter-, the PHSO-, and the PHFO-diet, respectively. Dietary cholesterol was balanced by the addition of dried egg powder to the PHSO- and the butter-diet; thus all diets contained 420 mg dietary cholesterol per 10 MJ per day. The subjects consumed all three test diets for 19-21 days in a random order (crossover design). The serum levels of total and LDL-cholesterol were significantly elevated on the PHFO-diet (mean values 5.42 and 3.94 mmol/L, respectively) compared to the PHSO-diet (5.11 and 3.58 mmol/L, respectively) but not different from those on the butter-diet (5.32 and 3.81 mmol/L, respectively). LDL-cholesterol was significantly reduced on the PHSO-diet compared to the butter-diet. The level of HDL-cholesterol was significantly lower on the PHFO-diet (0.98 mmol/L) when compared to the butter-diet (1.05 mmol/L) and with border-line significance compared to the PHSO-diet (1.05 mmol/L). The ratio of LDL- to HDL-cholesterol was significantly higher on the PHFO-diet (4.20) when compared to both other test diets (3.85 and 3.65, respectively). No significant differences in triglyceride values were observed. Lp[a] increased and apoA-I decreased significantly after consumption of both the PHSO-diet and the PHFO-diet, compared to the butter-diet. In conclusion, our results indicate that consumption of PHFO may unfavorably affect lipid risk indicators for coronary heart disease at least to the same extent as butterfat. To what extent the observed effects are due to the content of monoene trans, diene trans, or to the long chain saturated fatty acids in PHFO remains to be elucidated.
Lipoprotein-cholesterol responses in healthy infants fed defined diets from ages 1 to 12 months: comparison of diets predominant in oleic acid versus linoleic acid, with parallel observations in infants fed a human milk-based diet.; A prospective study in healthy infants predefining both diet fatty acid and cholesterol, from birth to age 1 year, compared response of cholesterol fractions in three groups: random assignment to 1) monounsaturated-(Hi-Mono) (n = 20), or 2) polyunsaturated-(Hi-Poly) (n = 22) fatty acid-enriched diets, or 3) non-randomized selection to breast feeding (Human Milk) (n = 25). In each group, designated weaning foods and supplements maintained fatty acid and cholesterol intake similar to that of each group's defined formulas, with long-term compliance confirmed by plasma phospholipid fatty acid concentrations. By 12 months, total cholesterol was significantly lower in the Hi-Poly group compared to either of the other groups (P < 0.05). Low density lipoprotein (LDL)- and high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentrations were significantly lower by 12 months in the Hi-Poly group, compared to the Hi-Mono groups. However, at the earlier 4-month interval, total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol in both Hi-Mono and Hi-Poly groups were not different from each other, although each was significantly lower than the parallel Human Milk-group (P < 0.05). The Hi-Mono group increased gradually in total and LDL-cholesterol such that, after 12 months' feedings, all lipid fractions of this Hi-Mono group were no different from those of the Human Milk group. In independent group comparisons, there were no significant differences in HDL-cholesterol concentrations after 4 and 9 months on these diets. Independent of diet, HDL-cholesterol showed a falling trend as an overall time-effect across all groups (P < 0.001). These data suggest that prolonged feeding of a diet enriched in polyunsaturated acids in early infancy has a significant cholesterol-lowering effect compared to monounsaturates. These differences in total, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol plasma concentrations between polyunsaturates and monounsaturates were not significantly evident until feedings had continued for a year.
Hypocholesterolaemic effect of a new fermented milk product in healthy middle-aged men.; OBJECTIVE: There are still controversies as to the potential beneficial effects of milk and fermented milk products on the level of lipoproteins. The objective of the present investigation was to test the effect of a moderate daily intake of a new fermented milk product, which was based on a bacterial culture obtained from the intestinal flora of inhabitants of Abkhasia, on the lipoprotein levels of a homogeneous group of middle-aged Danish men., DESIGN: The study was randomised, double-blind, and placebo-controlled, and the intervention was performed for a period of 6 weeks., SUBJECTS: Fifty-eight healthy, non-obese, normocholesterolaemic, male volunteers born in 1949 of Danish descent participated (i.e. all were 44 years old)., INTERVENTIONS: During the intervention period the subjects' habitual diets were supplemented with 200 ml/day of either the new fermented milk product or a placebo product (chemically fermented). The biologically fermented milk product contained Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus termophilus. Fasting blood samples were drawn initially and after 3 and 6 weeks and analysed for plasma values of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and triglyceride. In addition, LDL-cholesterol was estimated., RESULTS: After these 6 weeks total cholesterol was reduced significantly in the group given biologically fermented milk (-0.37 mmol/l, confidence interval: -0.51 to -0.23) while no changes were observed in the placebo group (-0.02 mmol/l) (P < 0.01). This reduction in total cholesterol could be completely ascribed to a fall in LDL-cholesterol by 10% (i.e. -0.42 mmol/l) since HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride were unchanged in both groups., CONCLUSIONS: Thus, this short-term study (6 weeks) demonstrated an LDL-cholesterol-lowering effect (10% reduction) of a new fermented milk product in middle-aged Danish men.
Sitostanol ester margarine in dietary treatment of children with familial hypercholesterolemia.; In familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) the lowering of serum cholesterol levels should be started in childhood in order to prevent coronary artery disease later in life. However, treatment of children is problematic. We studied the effects of sitostanol (3 g/day) ester dissolved in rapeseed oil margarine as a hypocholesterolemic agent in one homozygous and 14 heterozygous children with FH maintained on a low cholesterol diet for 6 weeks, using a double-blind crossover design. Absorption and synthesis of cholesterol were evaluated by measuring serum plant sterol and cholesterol precursor proportions to cholesterol by gas-liquid chromatography. The compliance was good, and the children could not distinguish by taste the two margarines without and with sitostanol ester. Sitostanol margarine significantly reduced serum total, intermediate density (IDL), and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 11, 26, and 15%, respectively, and increased HDL/LDL cholesterol ratio by 27%. The proportions of serum delta 8-cholestenol, lathosterol, and desmosterol were significantly increased by 36, 19, and 18%, and those of serum cholestanol, campesterol, and sitosterol were significantly decreased by 9, 42 and 29%, respectively, suggesting that cholesterol absorption was decreased and synthesis was compensatorily increased. High basal precursor sterol proportions predicted a high decrease in LDL cholesterol levels. In conclusion, partial replacement of normal dietary fat consumption by sitostanol ester margarine appears to be an effective and safe hypocholesterolemic treatment in children with FH.
Effect on plasma lipids of interesterifying a mix of edible oils.; The aim was to establish whether interesterification of oils, an alternative to the use of trans fatty acids in margarine manufacture, adversely affects plasma lipids. Twenty-seven hypercholesterolemic men participated in a double-blind, crossover trial of three margarines: 1) high-linoleic acid, moderate trans fatty acids; 2) high-palm oil blend (predominantly lauric, myristic, palmitic, oleic, and linoleic acids); and 3) an interesterified form of the high-palm oil margarine. Both high-palm oil margarines led to similar low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations (4.43 +/- 0.94 and 4.54 +/- 0.88 mmol/L, respectively), which were significantly higher than the LDL concentrations after the high-linoleic acid margarine (4.02 +/- 0.85 mmol/L, P < 0.001). Interesterification transferred substantial proportions of palmitic acid into the sn-2 position of glycerides and unsaturated fatty acids into the sn-1,3 positions, and this was reflected in plasma chylomicrons. This study shows that interesterification of oils used to harden margarines does not raise plasma cholesterol more than does the margarine's constituent fatty acids.
Reduction of serum cholesterol with sitostanol-ester margarine in a mildly hypercholesterolemic population.; BACKGROUND: Dietary plant sterols, especially sitostanol, reduce serum cholesterol by inhibiting cholesterol absorption. Soluble sitostanol may be more effective than a less soluble preparation. We tested the tolerability and cholesterol-lowering effect of margarine containing sitostanol ester in a population with mild hypercholesterolemia., METHODS: We conducted a one-year, randomized, double-blind study in 153 randomly selected subjects with mild hypercholesterolemia. Fifty-one consumed margarine without sitostanol ester (the control group), and 102 consumed margarine containing sitostanol ester (1.8 or 2.6 g of sitostanol per day)., RESULTS: The margarine containing sitostanol ester was well tolerated. The mean one-year reduction in serum cholesterol was 10.2 percent in the sitostanol group, as compared with an increase of 0.1 percent in the control group. The difference in the change in serum cholesterol concentration between the two groups was -24 mg per deciliter (95 percent confidence interval, -17 to -32; P < 0.001). The respective reductions in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were 14.1 percent in the sitostanol group and 1.1 percent in the control group. The difference in the change in LDL cholesterol concentration between the two groups was -21 mg per deciliter (95 percent confidence interval, -14 to -29; P < 0.001). Neither serum triglyceride nor high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were affected by sitostanol. Serum campesterol, a dietary plant sterol whose levels reflect cholesterol absorption, was decreased by 36 percent in the sitostanol group, and the reduction was directly correlated with the reduction in total cholesterol (r = 0.57, P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Substituting sitostanol-ester margarine for part of the daily fat intake in subjects with mild hypercholesterolemia was effective in lowering serum total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol.
Postprandial changes in platelet function and coagulation factors after high-fat meals with different fatty acid compositions.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the postprandial effects of three oils differing in their fatty acid composition on platelet aggregation and coagulation. The oils studied were low-erucic acid rapeseed oil (RO, oleic acid 54% of fatty acids), sunflower oil (SO, linoleic acid 64% of fatty acids) and butter oil (BO, saturated fatty acids 62% of fatty acids)., DESIGN: The postprandial effects of three fat-loads were followed for 5 h., SETTING: Division of Nutrition, University of Helsinki., SUBJECTS: Twelve healthy female subjects (aged 23-38 years) were recruited among university students and employees., INTERVENTIONS: Postprandial lipaemia was induced by high-fat meals containing fat (RO, SO or BO) 1 g/kg of body weight, skim-milk powder, sugar, strawberries, and water. Each subject ingested each meal in three separate mornings after an overnight fast. The order of the meals was randomised. Blood samples were taken before and 1, 2.5, and 5 h after the test meal., RESULTS: All three test meals similarly affected platelet aggregation in platelet-rich plasma. Aggregation induced by collagen (0.6, 1 and 2.5 micrograms/ml) decreased during the 5-h period after the meals (P = 0.000). ADP-induced aggregation did not change during the follow-up period after any meal (P = 0.105-0.483). All fat loads increased factor VII coagulant activity (F VII:C) (P = 0.000), but in plasma fibrinogen concentration (P = 0.155) or antithrombin III activity (P = 0.278) no postprandial changes were found., CONCLUSIONS: These results show that high-fat meals have acute effects on platelet function and F VII:C in healthy women and that these effects are not mediated through the fatty acid composition of the meals.
The influence of dairy products on plasma uric acid in women.; Elevated levels of plasma uric acid have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular diseases and their complications. As dairy proteins have been found to decrease plasma uric acid without increasing glomerular filtration rate, a sample of postmenopausal women living in Montreal was studied to investigate the nature of this relationship. Participants (158 Roman Catholic nuns) were randomly assigned to one of two test diets for a period of four weeks: the dairy foods group (n = 81) consumed approximately 30 grams of dairy protein daily and the dairy-free diet group (n = 77) ate no dairy foods at all. Subjects completed two one-day food records, a core questionnaire and a dairy foods diet history; blood specimens were obtained, and blood pressure, height and weight were measured. Average nutrient intakes differed as a consequence of the test diets, with significantly greater intakes of protein, fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, potassium and calcium (p < 0.01) in the dairy group after the study period, and lower dietary levels of protein, cholesterol, calcium and retinol (p < 0.01) in the dairy-free group. Plasma uric acid was unchanged after the dietary intervention in the dairy group, but increased by 7.8 mumol/l (p = 0.03) in subjects on the dairy-free diet; however, diastolic blood pressure decreased in response to calcium (beta = -22.9, SE = 10.0, p = 0.02) among those whose diet included dairy foods.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Comparison of an elemental with a hydrolysed whey formula in intolerance to cows' milk.; In a double blind study, 40 infants with cows' milk intolerance of various causes were randomised to receive a nutritionally complete formula in which nitrogen was supplied either as whey hydrolysate or amino acids. The median age of infants was 10 weeks (range 36 weeks' gestation to 108 weeks' postnatal age). After a median follow up period of 25 weeks there was no significant difference in dietary intake between the formulas. Twenty four weeks after entry, weight and weight for length improved equally on both formulas. Plasma albumin improved significantly on the hydrolysed whey formula but not in the amino acid group. Both milks were palatable and normal intakes of formula were maintained. Biochemical and haematological indices remained within normal limits. There was no difference in stool frequency and vomiting between the two formulas. Two infants developed a probable allergic colitis while receiving hydrolysed whey. Amino acid formula may have a role in the management of atopic infants with severe cows' milk intolerance who have already reacted to whey or casein hydrolysate formula.
Use of nonhuman milks in the dietary management of young children with acute diarrhea: a meta-analysis of clinical trials.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effects of continued feeding of nonhuman milks or formulas to young children during acute diarrhea on their treatment failure rates, stool frequency and amount, diarrheal duration, and change in body weight., METHODS: A total of 29 randomized clinical trials of 2215 patients were identified by computerized bibliographic search and review of published articles. Data were abstracted and analyzed using standard meta-analytic procedures., RESULTS: Among studies that compared lactose-containing milk or formula diets with lactose-free regimens, those children who received the lactose-containing diets during acute diarrhea were twice as likely to have a treatment failure as those who received a lactose-free diet (22% vs 12%, respectively; P < .001). However, the excess treatment failure rates occurred only in those studies that included patients whose initial degree of dehydration, as reported by authors, was severe, or that were conducted before 1985, when appropriate diarrhea treatment protocols were first widely accepted. Among studies of patients with mild diarrhea, all but one of which were completed after 1985, the overall treatment failure rates in the lactose groups were similar to the rates in the lactose-free groups (13% vs 15%). These results suggest that children with mild or no dehydration and those who are managed according to appropriate treatment protocols, such as that promoted by the World Health Organization, can be treated as successfully with lactose-containing diets as with lactose-free ones. The pooled information from studies that compared undiluted lactose-containing milks with the same milks offered at reduced concentration concluded that (1) children who received undiluted milks were marginally more likely to experience treatment failure than those who received diluted milk (16% vs 12%, P = .05), (2) the differences in stool output were small and of limited clinical importance, and (3) children who received the undiluted milk diets gained 0.25 SD more weight than those who received the diluted ones (P = .004). In addition, as with the previous set of studies, there were no differences in the pooled treatment failure rates between the respective groups in those studies of mildly dehydrated patients conducted after 1985 (14% vs 12%)., CONCLUSIONS: The vast majority of young children with acute diarrhea can be successfully managed with continued feeding of undiluted nonhuman milks. Routine dilution of milk and routine use of lactose-free milk formula are therefore not necessary, especially when oral rehydration therapy and early feeding (in addition to milk) form the basic approach to the clinical management of diarrhea in infants and children.
Skin protection by sucralfate cream during electron beam therapy.; Acute skin reactions, such as erythema and moist desquamation, constitute major problems during radiotherapy of superficially located tumours. There are no drugs available for the skin care. Sucralfate, a widely used anti-ulcer drug, has anti-inflammatory properties, and it activates cell proliferation. Based on these data and our previous experience of sucralfate cream on the aging skin we performed a double-blind randomized study to compare the efficacy of sucralfate cream to a base cream in 50 breast cancer patients receiving postoperative electron beam therapy to their chest wall. The acute radiation reaction of the skin was statistically significantly prevented by the sucralfate cream. The recovery of the skin was also significantly faster in the sucralfate cream group. Side-effects due to the cream were rare.
Effect of dietary fat on cardiovascular risk factors in infancy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of feeding regimens of varying fat composition on dietary intake and serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in older infants., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: One hundred four healthy infants aged 4 to 6 months were enrolled from private pediatric practices or public health clinics and were randomly assigned to one of four feeding groups until 12 months of age., INTERVENTIONS: Infants received whole cow milk or a standard infant formula (48% to 49% of energy as fat from butterfat or a soy-coconut oil blend, respectively) or one of two nearly identical investigational lower fat follow-up formulas (36% kcal from a fat blend of palm olein, corn, and safflower oils) as their primary food source in addition to table foods., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Nutrient intakes during the study period were characterized qualitatively and quantitatively. Serum lipids, lipoprotein concentrations, and anthropometrics were determined at baseline and at 12 months of age (study completion)., RESULTS: Total energy intake was equivalent among feeding groups. Infants fed cow milk had higher mean daily intakes of total fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, and cholesterol. Linoleic acid intake by infants fed cow milk, including that from table foods, was insufficient to meet current recommendations. Mean serum total cholesterol was significantly higher in the infants fed cow milk at age 12 months, whereas mean low density lipoprotein and apolipoprotein B were lower in the infants fed the follow-up formulas. Infants consuming the infant formula or whole cow milk demonstrated greater increases in mean serum total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, and apolipoprotein B by 12 months of age compared with infants ingesting follow-up formula. Ponderal, linear, and head circumference growth was equivalent among feeding groups., CONCLUSIONS: (1) Older infants fed lower fat formula have adequate total energy intake and normal growth. (2) The fat composition of the diets fed to the infants influenced serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles. (3) The fat composition of cow milk is inferior compared with commercial formulas. (4) The optimal fat blend for older infants including the consequences of the standard practice of adding high percentage of coconut oil to infant formulas should be defined further.
Cholesterol-lowering and blood pressure effects of immune milk.; The plasma cholesterol-lowering and blood pressure effects of a skim milk powder (immune milk) produced from dairy cows hyperimmunized with a multivalent bacterial vaccine were assessed in a double-blind crossover study of hypercholesterolemic subjects who consumed daily 90 g immune milk or a normal product. There was a significant reduction in plasma total and LDL cholesterol of 5.2% (95% CI 2.5, 7.9) and 7.4% (95% CI 4.1, 10.7), respectively, with 10 wk of immune milk consumption compared with control, but no change in HDL cholesterol or triglycerides. A significant systolic and diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect (5 and 4 mm Hg, respectively) was also demonstrated. Thus, immune milk may be a useful adjunct in the dietary management of hypercholesterolemia and the mechanisms of its cholesterol-lowering and blood pressure effects warrant further study.
Nutrient absorption and weight gain in persistent diarrhea: comparison of a traditional rice-lentil/yogurt/milk diet with soy formula.; We prospectively studied clinical outcome and nutrition absorption in male children (6-36 months of age) with persistent diarrhea (PD) and severe protein-energy malnutrition (mean z score for age, -4.2 +/- 0.8). Fifty-one children were randomly allocated to receive a combination of khitchri, a rice-lentil mixture, yogurt, and half-strength buffalo milk (group A; n = 26) or full-strength soy formula (group B; n = 25) for 14 days. The initial caloric intake (p < 0.02) and mean weight gain (p < 0.02) were greater in the group B patients. The mean stool volume and frequency were comparable between the two groups. Seven children in group A were considered clinical failures by criteria of weight loss and PD, compared to three in group B. The coefficients of absorption (COA) for protein were similar between the two groups, but group B patients had higher values of COA for energy and fat (p < 0.05) in the second week of nutritional rehabilitation. The majority (63%) of the children improved on the khichri-yogurt-milk diet but the nutritional outcome was not as good as with the soy formula. These data indicate that a traditional diet can be successfully used in the dietary management of PD and severe malnutrition but that a more optimal composition, yielding a higher success rate, should be sought.
Trial of a topically administered local anesthetic (EMLA cream) for pain relief during central venous port accesses in children with cancer.; Procedure-related pain is a significant problem for many children receiving cytotoxic chemotherapy. In an effort to lessen this toxicity, we studied the efficacy and safety of administering topical local anesthesia using EMLA cream in 47 evaluable children with cancer undergoing implanted central venous port injections. Children (< 21 years old) scheduled to undergo repeated venous access procedures were selected for study. A placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind, crossover study design was utilized. Statistically significant decreases in pain intensity scores (P < 0.002) were recorded by both children and investigators during the use of EMLA cream as compared with placebo. There was a good correlation between pain scores recorded by both patients and health care providers using both visual analog scales and categorized pain measurement tools. The topical application of EMLA cream 5% provides highly effective superficial anesthesia, and promises to be extremely useful for pain relief during percutaneous access procedures in cancer patients.
Does early nutrition in infants born before term programme later blood pressure?.; OBJECTIVES: To test whether nutrition early in infants' development programmes later blood pressure and whether the reported relation between low birth weight and later high blood pressure is due to poor nutrition or growth before full term., DESIGN: Prospective randomisation of preterm infants to early diets differing greatly in nutrient content in four parallel multicentre trials, with blinded follow up 7.5-8 years later., SETTING: Neonatal units at Cambridge, Ipswich, King's Lynn, Norwich, and Sheffield., SUBJECTS: 758 children weighing under 1850 g at birth., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Blood pressure at age of 7.5-8 years., RESULTS: There were major differences in nutrient intake from randomised diets (preterm formula v standard formula and preterm formula v donor breast milk; in each case with or without mother's milk), but follow up showed no differences in later blood pressure. Individual subjects showed large variation in protein and energy intakes and in growth performance, including degrees of growth failure seldom seen in utero, but these factors were also unrelated to later blood pressure., CONCLUSION: Extremes of nutritional intake and growth performance in preterm infants do not programme later blood pressure at 7.5-8 years of age. These findings do not support the hypothesis that high blood pressure has early nutritional origins. We suggest that the long term rise in blood pressure reported in individuals who had low birthweight (at full term) is not, as previously speculated, due to poor fetal nutrition or growth as such.
Dietary habits and colorectal cancer in a low-risk area. Results from a population-based case-control study in southern Italy.; Many epidemiological studies have focused on the relationships between diet and colorectal cancer, but only a few have been conducted in the Mediterranean area. A population-based case-control study was carried out from July 1987 to June 1989 in a low-risk area in Southern Italy. By means of an "ad hoc" tumor registry, 132 diagnosed colorectal cancers were detected during the two years of study. One hundred nineteen of these 132 colorectal cancer cases were interviewed about their personal dietary habits with use of a questionnaire concerning the frequency of consumption of 70 foods or beverages. An equal number of controls was randomly selected from the lists of general practitioners of the area during the same period and interviewed with the same food frequency questionnaire. In a multivariate analysis, the relative risks (RRs) of developing colorectal cancer were estimated according to the different levels of consumption of food groups and selected food items. All RRs were adjusted for age, sex, education, smoking status, and modifications in diet in the previous 10 years. The risk of colorectal cancer increased nearly threefold for the highest level of consumption of foods with a high content of refined sugar [RR = 2.75, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.26-5.97] and for the consumption of wine (> 1 l/day) (RR = 3.22, 95% CI 1.05-9.88). An inverse relationship was revealed for the highest consumption of raw and cooked vegetables (RR = 0.51, 95% CI 0.25-1.04) and diary products (RR = 0.46, 95% CI 0.22-0.98) and for the consumption of more than two cups of coffee per day (RR = 0.38, 95% CI 0.16-0.89). In this Mediterranean area, the main source of calories, cereals, did not show a significant relationship with colorectal cancer. These findings support the hypothesis that the local Mediterranean dietary pattern could explain the low risk of colorectal cancer.
Exposure to breastmilk in infancy and the risk of breast cancer.; Early childhood nutrition may affect the subsequent risk of breast cancer in adulthood. We examined the association of having been breastfed with risk of breast cancer in a case-control study of women age 40-85 years in western New York. Cases (N = 528) had newly diagnosed primary, pathologically confirmed breast cancer; controls (N = 602) were randomly selected from the same community and were frequency matched on age. Having been breastfed was associated with decreased risk. The multivariate adjusted odds ratio was 0.74, and the 95% confidence interval was 0.56-0.99. We found little difference in the association for pre- and postmenopausal women despite a much higher frequency of breastfeeding among the older women. These findings indicate that early nutriture in general and bottle feeding in particular may relate to breast cancer development in adulthood.
Goat's milk as a substitute for cow's milk in undernourished children: a randomized double-blind clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: This paper compares the effects of goat's milk and cow's milk on weight gain and fat absorption, in children with overt malnutrition., METHODS: Thirty hospitalized malnourished children aged from 1 to 5 years were included in a randomized double-blind trial. The children were fed either goat or cow's milk with a randomized will defined composition, added with vegetable oil, sugar, vitamins and minerals o achieve 1,000 kcal/liter. Children were offered 100 kcal/kg on the first day, with a regular daily increase in energy intake thereafter that reached 200 kcal/kg per day on the tenth day., RESULTS: Both groups of children had the same degree of malnutrition on inclusion. The mean weight-for-height Z score was -1.7 in both groups. One death with candidiasis occurred in the goat's milk group. Weight gain was similar in both groups: 8.5 g/kg/day (SE = 1.37) with goat's milk and 7.8 (SE = 1.9) with cow's milk. There was no significant difference in HEM intake: 157 ml/kg/day (SE = 4), vs 162 (SE = 4) for goat and cow's milk, respectively. Fat absorption coefficients on the 15th day of treatment were also similar in both groups., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that goat's milk has a nutritional value similar to that of cow's milk and could be used as an alternative to cow's milk for rehabilitating undernourished children.
Enamel rehardening with cheese in irradiated patients.; Radiotherapy of head and neck malignancies results in severe xerostomia which induces radiation caries. Hard cheese has potent anti-cariogenic effects, even with minimal salivary gland function. Eight patients irradiated for neck cancer volunteered for this study. The saliva flow rate varied between 0.0-0.15 ml/minute. In vitro etched enamel slabs, prepared from human teeth, were exposed intraorally to parafilm stimulated salivary secretion for 5 minutes or, alternatively, to cheese compounds and saliva due to masticating 20 gm hard cheese for 5 minutes. Microhardness measurements were carried out on the enamel surface at start (baseline), after etching and after rehardening. Stimulated saliva or cheese compounds and saliva, due to mastication, induced rehardening of surface enamel in both, non-irradiated and irradiated subjects. The rehardening was significantly increased in the irradiated group consuming cheese as compared to rehardening by stimulated saliva only and not significantly less of that achieved in non-irradiated subjects. Rehardening achieved with stimulated saliva in irradiated patients was of a borderline-significant lower degree in comparison to non-irradiated subjects. The reduced rehardening capacity of a decreased saliva flow in irradiated patients may be complemented by cheese compounds. For xerostomic patients, hard cheese consumption may be regarded as effective to keep initial caries under control.
Serum cholesterol and cholesterol and lipoprotein metabolism in hypercholesterolaemic NIDDM patients before and during sitostanol ester-margarine treatment.; Cholesterol absorption and metabolism and LDL and HDL kinetics were investigated in 11 hypercholesterolaemic non-insulin-dependent diabetic men off and on a hypolipidaemic treatment with sitostanol ester, (3 g sitostanol daily) dissolved in rapeseed oil margarine, by a double-blind crossover study design. Serum total, VLDL and LDL cholesterol and apoprotein B fell significantly by 6 +/- 2, 12 +/- 6, 9 +/- 3 and 6 +/- 2%, mean +/- SEM, and HDL cholesterol was increased by 11 +/- 4% (p < 0.05) by sitostanol ester. LDL cholesterol and apoprotein B were significantly decreased in the dense (1.037-1.055 g/ml), but not light, LDL subfraction due to a significantly diminished transport rate for LDL apoprotein B, while the fractional catabolic rate was unchanged. HDL kinetics, measured with autologous apoprotein A I, was unaffected by sitostanol ester. Cholesterol absorption efficiency was markedly reduced from 25 +/- 2 to 9 +/- 2% (p < 0.001) during sitostanol ester followed by proportionately decreased serum plant sterol proportions. Cholesterol precursor sterol proportions in serum, fecal neutral sterol excretion, and cholesterol synthesis, cholesterol transport, and biliary secretion were all significantly increased by sitostanol ester. We conclude that the sitostanol ester-induced decrease in cholesterol absorption compensatorily stimulated cholesterol synthesis, had no effect on fractional catabolic rate, but decreased transport rate for LDL apoprotein B so that serum total, VLDL and LDL cholesterol levels were decreased.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Weight loss and dietary intake after vertical banded gastroplasty and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to learn whether preoperative eating habits can be used to predict outcome after vertical banded gastroplasty (VBG) and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB). BACKGROUND SUMMARY: Several independent randomized and sequential studies have reported significantly greater weight loss after RYGB in comparison with VBG. Although the mechanism responsible for weight loss after both procedures is restriction of intake rather than malabsorption, the relationships between calorie intake, food preferences, and postoperative weight loss are not well defined., METHODS: During the past 5 years, 138 patients were prospectively selected for either VBG or RYGB, based on their preoperative eating habits. All patients were screened by a dietitian who determined total calorie intake and diet composition before recommending VBG or RYGB. Thirty patients were selected for VBG; the remaining 108 patients were classified as "sweets eaters" or "snackers" and had RYGB. Detailed recall diet histories also were performed at each postoperative visit., RESULTS: Early morbidity rate was zero after VBG versus 3% after RYGB. There were no deaths. Mean follow-up was 39 +/- 11 months after VBG and 38 +/- 14 months after RYGB. Mean weight loss peaked at 74 +/- 23 lb at 12 months after VBG and 99 +/- 24 lb at 16 months after RYGB (p  or = 50% of their excess weight versus 100 of 108 RYGB patients (p < or = 0.0001). Milk/ice cream intake was significantly greater postoperatively in patients who underwent VBG versus patients who underwent RYGB after 6 months (p < or = 0.003), whereas solid sweets intake was significantly greater after VBG during the first 18 months postoperatively (p < or = 0.004). Revision of VBG was performed in 6 of 30 patients (20%) for complications or poor weight loss, whereas only 2 of 108 patients who underwent RYGB required surgical revisions (p < or = 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: These data show that VBG adversely alters postoperative eating behavior toward soft, high-calorie foods, resulting in problematic postoperative weight loss. Conversely, RYGB patients had significantly greater weight loss despite inferior preoperative eating habits. The high rate of surgical revision in conjunction with inconsistent postoperative weight loss has led us to no longer recommend VBG as treatment for morbid obesity.
Effects of a milk chocolate bar per day substituted for a high-carbohydrate snack in young men on an NCEP/AHA Step 1 Diet.; This study compares the plasma cholesterol response with the isoenergetic substitution of a milk chocolate bar (46 g) given daily for a high-carbohydrate snack in healthy young men on a Step 1 Diet. Normocholesterolemic men (n = 42) were fed a Step 1 Diet for 21 d (run-in diet) followed by a 27-d experimental period during which they consumed the same diet plus either a milk chocolate bar or a high-carbohydrate snack; after this they consumed the run-in diet for 21 d followed by the other snack for 27 d. When subjects consumed a milk chocolate bar instead of the high-carbohydrate snack, high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was 0.08 +/- 0.03 mmol/L higher (P < 0.01) and plasma triglycerides were 0.06 +/- 0.03 mmol/L lower (P < 0.05). Substitution of a milk chocolate bar for a high-carbohydrate snack did not adversely affect the low-density-lipoprotein-(LDL) cholesterol response to a Step 1 Diet despite an increase in total fat and saturated fatty acid content of the diet. This response may be due to stearic acid.
Chocolate feeding studies: a novel approach for evaluating the plasma lipid effects of stearic acid.; Milk chocolate does not adversely affect plasma lipids and lipoproteins despite its relatively high content of saturated fatty acids (SFAs). Evidence from well-controlled feeding studies indicates that this unique response is due to the high proportion of stearic acid in milk chocolate. In experimental diets containing very high amounts (eg, 280 g/d, or 10 oz/d) and more typical amounts (46.2 g, or 1.65 oz) of milk chocolate, plasma total- and low-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations are not elevated. Furthermore, isoenergetic substitution of one milk chocolate bar per day for a high-carbohydrate snack in a National Cholesterol Education Program/American Heart Association Step 1 Diet does not adversely affect the cholesterol-lowering response. These findings indicate that stearic acid is not hypercholesterolemic as are the other long-chain SFAs. Thus, as illustrated by the different results generated from the predictive equations that group all long-chain SFAs vs those that consider stearic acid separately, grouping stearic acid with other SFAs appears to misrepresent the actual blood cholesterol response.
Rickets in very-low-birth-weight infants born at Baragwanath Hospital.; Disturbed mineral and bone metabolism has been reported to occur frequently in very-low-birth-weight infants fed breast-milk during the first 3 months of life. This study was designed to assess the prevalence of disturbed mineral homeostasis in a breast-milk-fed very-low-birth-weight population at Baragwanath Hospital and to determine whether the addition of a preterm infant formula to the feeds would reduce this prevalence and increase the rate of weight gain. Fifty-three neonates weighing less than 1 200 g at birth were monitored for weight gain, growth and biochemical and radiological evidence of metabolic bone disease at 2-weekly intervals during hospitalisation and for 18 weeks after discharge. The infants were randomised at 2 weeks of age to receive either breast-milk only, or a combination of breast-milk and a premature formula containing 550 mg calcium and 300 mg phosphorus. All infants received 800 IU vitamin D daily from day 14. Weight gain and growth were similar in both groups. Calcium and phosphorus intakes were higher in the mixed feeding group, but did not affect serum mineral levels. Radiological rickets was uncommon in both groups although periosteal reactions and osteopenia occurred frequently and with similar prevalences. Vitamin D deficiency was not found to be a problem. In conclusion, overt rickets is not a major problem in very-low-birth-weight infants born at Baragwanath Hospital, although biochemical abnormalities occur frequently.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Evaluation of clinical and biochemical parameters in children after consumption of microparticulated protein fat substitute (Simplesse).; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this randomized, double-blind, two-way crossover study in healthy children was to evaluate whether microparticulated protein (MPP, Simplesse) fat substitute had any effects on various clinical and biochemical parameters when compared to super premium ice cream (approximately 16% butterfat)., METHODS: Twenty-four children (12 males, 12 females), 7-10 years of age, received their normal diet plus two consecutive 7-day treatment regimens consisting of one serving (approximately 196 mL) per day of either ice cream or a frozen dessert made with MPP. Three-day food diaries, routine hematologies, clinical chemistries, urinalyses, fasting plasma lipids and amino acids, vital signs and adverse experiences were compared between treatments., RESULTS: There were no clinically significant effects on any of the parameters following either treatment, although there were statistically significant increases in fasting plasma cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol following ice cream when compared to MPP. There were no statistically significant differences between the two treatments in regard to macronutrient consumption. The only adverse experience related to treatment was one episode of vomiting following the ice cream. The children ingested more than five times the amount of MPP than that found in the 90th percentile of frozen dessert consumption by this age group. The protein intake (5.5 g/day) from MPP at this level of consumption would only modestly increase the total daily protein intake., CONCLUSION: Children ingesting approximately 196 mL/day of frozen dessert made with MPP did not show any clinically significant changes in various clinical and biochemical parameters.
Antigen-reduced infant formulas versus human milk: growth and metabolic parameters in the first 6 months of life.; OBJECTIVE: To compare growth and metabolic parameters of infants fed special formulas for atopy prevention to breast-fed infants., METHODS: Eighty-two infants with family history of IgE-mediated diseases completed a 6-month nutritional follow-up within a clinical trial to assess the effectiveness of the dietary intervention in preventing atopy. Infants were subdivided according to the type of milk feeding from the end of the first month of life up to sixth month: human milk (HM) group (29 infants); soy formula (SF) group (15 infants); whey-based low-degree hydrolysate (WHy) group (15 infants); casein-based high-degree hydrolysate (CHy) group (13 infants); soy plus collagen-based high-degree hydrolysate group (10 infants). Anthropometric indices were determined at 0, 3 and 6 months of life and a fasting blood sample for hematochemical parameters was obtained at 5 months of life before beginning the introduction of solid foods., RESULTS: Lower values of body mass index and higher blood urea nitrogen were displayed by the CHy group at 3 months. Plasma aminoacidograms showed higher essential amino acids (AA)/total AA in SF, WHy and CHy groups but lower branched chain AA/essential AA in all formula-fed infants in comparison with the HM group., CONCLUSIONS: Special formulas (in particular high-degree protein hydrolysates) should be carefully evaluated when used for prolonged periods of time in healthy infants at familial risk of atopy.
The effects of aspartame versus sucrose on motivational ratings, taste preferences, and energy intakes in obese and lean women.; This study examined the effects of four breakfast preloads of different sweetness and energy content on motivational ratings, taste preferences, and energy intakes of 12 obese and 12 lean women. The preloads consisted of creamy white cheese (fromage blanc) and were either plain, sweetened with sucrose or aspartame, or sweetened with aspartame and supplemented with maltodextrin. Their energy content was either 300 kcal (1,255 kJ) or 700 kcal (2,929 kJ). Motivational ratings of hunger and the desire to eat were obtained prior to and at 30 min intervals after breakfast. Taste preferences were measured prior to and 150 min after breakfast. The subjects ate buffet-style lunch, snack, and dinner meals in the laboratory. Obese women consumed significantly more energy at meals (2,596 kcal or 10,862 kJ) than did lean women (1,484 kcal or 6,209 kJ); derived a greater proportion of energy from fat (39.9% vs. 35.5%), and had lower dietary carbohydrate-to-fat ratios. Consumption of low-energy as opposed to high-energy breakfast preloads was associated with elevated motivational ratings by noon. However, energy intakes at lunch, snack, or dinner did not vary as a function of preload type, and no compensation was observed for the energy consumed at breakfast. Taste preferences were not affected by preload ingestion or by preload type. The study provided no evidence that aspartame promotes hunger or results in increased energy intakes in obese or in lean women.
Effects of human milk or formula feeding on the growth, behavior, and protein status of preterm infants discharged from the newborn intensive care unit.; The growth, behavior, and protein status of 59 healthy preterm (mean gestational age 30 wk) infants fed either human milk or one of three infant formulas were studied post-discharge from the hospital. Formula-fed infants received either a standard term formula, a standard preterm formula, or an experimental preterm formula from discharge to 8 wk of age. From 8 to 16 wk, all formula-fed infants received the standard term formula. At 2, 8, and 16 wk, anthropometric, dietary intake, blood biochemistry, amino acid, and Brazelton Neonatal Behavioral Assessment measurements were evaluated. Weights, lengths, and head circumferences were similar for all feeding groups at discharge. After discharge all formula-fed infants were heavier than human milk-fed infants. Length and head circumference values and plasma urea nitrogen and retinol-binding protein concentrations were not different among dietary groups. Formula-fed infants had higher plasma concentrations of numerous amino acids compared with those of human milk-fed infants during the first 8 wk but not at 16 wk. There were no differences among the feeding groups in the Brazelton assessment. This study found little effect on the growth or behavioral or protein status of preterm infants discharged from the hospital who were fed either human milk or formulas designed for term or preterm infants.
Dietary intake patterns and sociodemographic factors in the atherosclerosis risk in communities study. ARIC Study Investigators.; BACKGROUND: Comprehensive and up-to-date data on differences in dietary intake according to various sociodemographic factors are needed to understand the potential impact of dietary factors on disease risks in the United States., METHODS: Usual dietary intake assessed by a food frequency questionnaire was examined in relation to race, sex, and educational attainment using baseline data obtained from randomly selected samples of 15,800 middle-aged black and white men and women who participated in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study., RESULTS: In almost all comparisons, higher educational attainment was associated with recommended dietary intake patterns--lower per energy intakes of meats, eggs, chicken with skin, and whole milk and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, fish, chicken without skin, and low-fat milk. As expected from these food intake patterns, higher educational attainment was associated with lower intakes of saturated fatty acid and cholesterol and with higher intakes of dietary fiber and various micronutrients. Compared with women's diets, men's diets were slightly more atherogenic (in whites only) based upon Keys score and had lower micronutrient levels. Although there were large differences in the food intakes between blacks and whites, the differences in nutrient intakes were generally smaller. However, intakes of cholesterol and vitamin A were somewhat higher and intakes of saturated fatty acid, calcium, and potassium were lower among blacks than in whites., CONCLUSIONS: This community-based study clearly demonstrated that regardless of race and sex, high educational attainment is associated with recommended dietary intake patterns. Continuing efforts to improve general educational level and to promote healthy dietary habits among those with low socioeconomic status are warranted.
Dietary lactose intake, lactose intolerance, and the risk of epithelial ovarian cancer in southern Ontario (Canada).; A case-control study of dietary factors and cancer of the ovary was conducted during 1989-92 in metropolitan Toronto and surrounding areas of southern Ontario, Canada. Four hundred and fifty women aged 35-79 years, with newly diagnosed, histologically verified, primary epithelial ovarian-cancer were interviewed concerning reproduction and diet. Over the same period, 564 randomly-selected population controls, frequency-matched to the cases within three 15-year age groups, also were interviewed. From information obtained by quantitative diet history, average daily macro- and micronutrient intake values were calculated through use of the United States Department of Agriculture Food Composition Databank, which was extended and modified for Canadian items and recipes. Analysis was performed with continuous, unconditional logistic-regression methods, adjusting for age at interview, number of full-term pregnancies, total duration of oral contraceptive use, and total daily caloric intake. Neither reported history of lactose intolerance, nor average daily consumption of lactose or free galactose, were found to be associated with risk of ovarian cancer. Lactose intake or intolerance did not appear to modify the protective effects of parity and oral contraceptive use. Nevertheless, other studies suggest that ovarian galactose metabolism still may have a relationship with risk of ovarian cancer, though more evidence is needed.
The nutritional management of acute diarrhea in young infants: effect of carbohydrate ingested.; To compare the efficacy of a low-lactose hydrolyzed milk formula, a lactose-free corn syrup-based milk formula, and a standard lactose-containing formula during refeeding after rehydration in infants with gastroenteritis, 135 patients older than 2 years were studied by randomized trial. Clearly demonstrated disadvantages in terms of early weight loss and longer duration of diarrhea were observed with the lactose-based formula compared with early weight gains on both the low-lactose formulae, and thus the lactose-containing formula was discontinued after 91 patients. The early weight loss with the lactose-containing formula was statistically significantly related to the degree of relative (rehydrated) underweight. The two low-lactose formulae were further compared in the remaining 44 patients. Early weight gain (48 h) was significantly greater with the lactose-hydrolyzed formula compared with the corn syrup-based formula, but no statistically significant differences were observed in duration of diarrhea, energy intake, treatment failures, or late weight gain. We conclude that the routine use of a low-lactose formula during refeeding after rehydration in infants with gastroenteritis may have some advantages in underweight infants and toddlers in whom it is important to prevent further weight loss.
Food-group consumption and colon cancer in the Adelaide Case-Control Study. II. Meat, poultry, seafood, dairy foods and eggs.; We conducted a case-control study in Australia, comparing 220 persons with histologically confirmed incident adenocarcinoma of the colon with 438 age- and gender-matched controls. Cases were identified via the South Australian Cancer Registry (1979-80); controls were randomly selected from the electoral roll. All participants completed a 141-item food-frequency questionnaire and were interviewed regarding demographic and other information. Consumption of 8 groups of foods from animal sources was investigated. Odds ratios (OR) for quartiles of consumption were obtained using conditional logistic regression. All analyses were conducted separately for females and males. The most striking finding was a positive association for egg consumption in females, with an unadjusted OR of 2.4 (1.1-5.3) for consumption in the uppermost quartile. The uppermost septile of egg consumption was associated with an unadjusted OR of 6.3 (1.5-26.1) and a dose-response pattern was suggested. Intakes of red meat, liver, seafood, and dairy foods were also weakly positively associated with risk in females. In males, intakes of red meat and poultry were weakly positively associated with risk with unadjusted ORs of 1.5 (0.8-2.8) and 1.4 (0.7-2.6) respectively. The ratio of intake of red meat to poultry and seafood was also positively associated with risk in males, with an unadjusted OR of 1.4 (0.8-2.6). Interpretation of analyses stratified by colon cancer subsite was limited by the low number of subjects in each sub-site stratum, yet the results were somewhat supportive of a stronger risk associated with animal foods in the proximal than in the distal colon. The results for egg consumption suggest a role for cholesterol in the etiology of colon cancer, particularly in proximal cancer for females. Results for vegetable and fruit consumption are presented in a companion report.
The role of fatty acid saturation on plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and apolipoproteins: I. Effects of whole food diets high in cocoa butter, olive oil, soybean oil, dairy butter, and milk chocolate on the plasma lipids of young men.; The present studies were conducted to evaluate the cholesterolemic effects of whole-food diets high in stearic acid. In study no. 1, normocholesterolemic young men were fed diets high in stearic acid provided by cocoa butter (CB); oleic acid provided by olive oil (OO); linoleic acid provided by soybean oil (SO); and myristic acid (and lauric acid) provided by dairy butter (B). In study no. 2, different subjects with similar baseline characteristics were fed diets high in stearic acid provided by milk chocolate (C), CB, CB+B (4:1, MIX), and myristic (and lauric) acid provided by B. Both studies used a randomized, crossover, double-blind experimental design, and experimental subjects (n = 18 for study no. 1 and n = 15 for study no. 2) in each study consumed every diet for 26 days with a 1-month wash-out period between each experimental period. The diets provided 37% of calories from fat, of which 81% was provided by the test fat. Ten ounces (280 g) C was provided daily by the C diet. In study no. 1, the B diet was hypercholesterolemic, whereas the SO diet was hypocholesterolemic, compared with the other diets. The OO and SO diets were hypocholesterolemic compared with the CB diet. Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels, in general, paralleled the changes in plasma total cholesterol levels. SO significantly decreased apolipoprotein (apo) B levels compared with the other diets. Plasma very-low density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and apo A-I levels were unaffected by the experimental diets.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Safety and efficacy of a topical anesthetic for neonatal circumcision.; OBJECTIVE: Circumcision is a common neonatal surgical procedure routinely performed without the use of anesthesia. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of topical lidocaine cream as an anesthetic for circumcision., METHODS: Thirty newborns were studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; 15 received a topical 30% lidocaine cream and 15 received the cream base alone. Vital signs were recorded, and preoperative and postoperative serum beta-endorphin and lidocaine concentrations were measured. A videotape of the newborn was used to score behavioral changes., RESULTS: Comparisons of the vital signs precircumcision and postcircumcision showed no differences between the placebo and treatment groups, with the exception of mean systolic blood pressure, which significantly increased in the placebo-treated newborns (P < .05). Serum beta-endorphin concentrations increased postoperatively in 11 of 15 subjects receiving placebo, but decreased or remained unchanged in 10 of 15 subjects receiving lidocaine (P = .03, Fisher's exact test). When stress-related behaviors in the precircumcision and post-circumcision periods were compared, the mean increase in their occurrence was greater in the placebo than in the treatment group. There was no significant absorption of lidocaine as measured in the serum., CONCLUSION: Topical application of a 30% lidocaine cream as used in this study may be a safe and efficacious anesthetic for circumcision.
Ambulatory blood pressure and heart rate responses to vegetarian meals.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of a vegetarian diet on daytime ambulatory (Accutracker) blood pressures and heart rates, and to relate these to the estimated peak in plasma glucose to determine whether low-glycaemic-index diets reduce sympathetic activity in response to differences in postprandial glucose and insulin., DESIGN: The subjects were matched for age and body mass index and randomly assigned to one of two parallel diet groups., SETTING: Clinical., PARTICIPANTS: Twenty-one normotensive non-vegetarian male hospital workers volunteered for the study and 20 completed it., INTERVENTION: After 2 weeks of baseline measurement the subjects followed an omnivorous or a lacto-ovovegetarian diet for 6 weeks., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Daytime ambulatory blood pressures and heart rate, and postbreakfast catecholamines, insulin and glucose., RESULTS: Ambulatory systolic blood pressure and heart rates were lower in the vegetarian group during the working day. The preprandial rise in diastolic pressure was attenuated on the vegetarian diet. There were no differences in plasma catecholamine, glucose or insulin levels sampled after breakfast on the two dietary regimes., CONCLUSIONS: The blood pressure-lowering effect of a lacto-ovovegetarian diet, which occurs throughout the working day, is associated with lower heart rates, suggesting a central nervous or cardiac mechanism. The possibility that the lower glycaemic index of a lacto-ovovegetarian diet has some effect needs to be investigated further in relation to major meal-times and studied in both normotensive and hypertensive subjects.
Reduction of solar keratoses by regular sunscreen use.; BACKGROUND: The incidence of and mortality from skin cancer are increasing in many countries. In view of the added concern about ozone depletion, many organizations are promoting the regular use of sunscreens to prevent skin cancer, despite the absence of evidence that these products have this effect. Solar (actinic) keratosis is a precursor of squamous-cell carcinoma of the skin., METHODS: We conducted a randomized, controlled trial of the effect on solar keratoses of daily use of a broad-spectrum sunscreen cream with a sun-protection factor of 17 in 588 people 40 years of age or older in Australia during one summer (September 1991 to March 1992). The subjects applied either a sunscreen cream or the base cream minus the active ingredients of the sunscreen to the head, neck, forearms, and hands., RESULTS: The mean number of solar keratoses increased by 1.0 per subject in the base-cream group and decreased by 0.6 in the sunscreen group (difference, 1.53; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.81 to 2.25). The sunscreen group had fewer new lesions (rate ratio, 0.62; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.54 to 0.71) and more remissions (odds ratio, 1.53; 95 percent confidence interval, 1.29 to 1.80) than the base-cream group. There was a dose-response relation: the amount of sunscreen cream used was related to both the development of new lesions and the remission of existing ones., CONCLUSIONS: Regular use of sunscreens prevents the development of solar keratoses and, by implication, possibly reduces the risk of skin cancer in the long-term.
A linoleate-enriched cheese product reduces low-density lipoprotein in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults.; OBJECTIVE: To test the effect of substituting a modified-fat cheese product into the diets of hypercholesterolemic adults., DESIGN: A 4-month, randomized, double-blind, crossover substitution trial., SETTING: General community outpatient study., PARTICIPANTS: Twenty-six healthy adult volunteers (17 men, 9 women) with moderate hypercholesterolemia (total cholesterol > 5.69 mmol/L but < 7.24 mmol/L)., INTERVENTION: Daily substitution of 100 g of cheese, either partial skim-milk mozzarella or modified-fat (vegetable oil) mozzarella cheese product, into participants' normal diets. Participants consumed an assigned cheese for 2 months, at which time they crossed over to consume the other study cheese., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels were measured at baseline and at 2 and 4 months after initiation of the study. Compliance was assessed by body weight and by biweekly dietary records and interviews., RESULTS: No differences in weight or in the amount or type of calories consumed were found during the study. No statistically significant changes in lipid values resulted from consumption of mozzarella cheese. Modified-fat cheese substitution resulted in a decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level when compared with levels at both baseline (-0.28 mmol/L; 95% Cl, -0.14 to -0.42 mmol/L) and during consumption of the skim-milk mozzarella cheese (-0.38 mmol/L; 95% Cl, -0.2 to -0.70 mmol/L). Findings for total cholesterol were similar. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma triglyceride, and apolipoprotein A-l and B-100 levels were unaltered. Both sexes responded similarly., CONCLUSIONS: A linoleate-enriched cheese product, in the absence of any other changes in diet or habits, substituted into the normal diets of hypercholesterolemic adults reduced low-density lipoprotein and plasma cholesterol levels.
Topical treatment of penile condylomata acuminata with podophyllotoxin 0.3% solution, 0.3% cream and 0.15% cream. A comparative open study.; The purpose of this comparative open study was to determine the clinical efficacy of 0.3% podophyllotoxin both in 70% ethanolic solution and cream preparations on genital warts. Three parallel trial preparations, 0.3% solution, 0.3% and 0.15% cream, were randomly allocated to 60 circumcised Asian males (mean age 19.5 years), with the diagnosis of genital condyloma. Patients applied the trial preparation twice a day for 3 consecutive days. If total elimination was not achieved with one trial, it was extended to 3 similar cycles, in total of 4 weeks duration. Response was calculated with a response rate formula. After 3 weeks of treatment all the patients in the 0.3% solution group were evaluated as cured, with mild localized erythema and burning sensation. In the 0.3% cream preparation group, 75% of the patients were cured, and the remaining 25% were found to be cured after 4 treatments. In the 0.15% cream preparation group, 70% of the patients were evaluated as completely cured after 4 weeks. Non-objective, moderate to mild localized adverse symptoms were reported by both the active cream groups. Three of 54 patients (90%) with complete cure showed relapses after 16 weeks. It was concluded that 0.3% podophyllotoxin is more efficacious in ethanolic solution than in cream preparations.
Treatment of eczema with a mixture of triamcinolone acetonide and retinoic acid: a double-blind study.; Dermo-epidermal atrophy is one of the main side effects of long-term treatment with topical corticosteroids (TC). Retinoic acid (RA) may prevent and even reverse these effects in animals. It has been previously established that topical RA (TRA) does not inhibit corticosteroid-induced vasoconstriction in humans, thus suggesting that RA, combined with TC, does not interfere with its anti-inflammatory property. The next step was to test this association in patients with inflammatory skin disorders. In this symmetrical double-blind study, triamcinolone acetonide (TA) cream 0.1% and a cream containing TA 0.1% plus RA 0.025% (TARA) were compared in 18 subjects with eczema. No statistical difference between both treatments was observed after 1, 2 and 3 weeks, although on the TARA-treated sides the anti-inflammatory responses were slightly less pronounced. Subjective irritation was significantly more frequent in TARA-treated side (3/17, p = 0.05) but did not lead to interruption of the treatment. This indicates that addition of RA 0.025% to a medium-range potency topical steroid does not abrogate the anti-inflammatory property of the latter and that the association can be tolerated by inflamed skin.
[Cholesterol-lowering effect of a new fermented milk product in healthy 44-year old Danish men].; The potential cholesterol-lowering effect of a new fermented milk product was tested in a homogeneous group of Danish men (all 44-year-old; n = 58) in a randomised, double blinded and placebo-controlled study. Two hundred ml of the fremented milk or placebo (chemically acidified) was taken daily for six weeks. After these six weeks total cholesterol decreased significantly in the fermented milk group by -0.37 mmol/l (confidence interval: -0.51 to -0.23 mmol/l) and no changes were observed in the placebo group (-0.02 mmol/l) (p < 0.01). This decrement in total cholesterol could be completely ascribed to a reduction of LDL-cholesterol by 10% (i.e. -0.42 mmol/l), since HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride were unchanged in both groups during the study. Thus, in the present short term study, the tested fermented milk product was able to reduce LDL-cholesterol in middle-aged men.
The effects of the acute administration of RU 486 on dietary fat preference in fasted lean and obese men.; The effects of RU 486, a potent glucocorticoid antagonist, on dietary fat preference were explored in obese men and lean controls in a double-blind crossover study. An oral 10 mg/kg dose of RU 486 or placebo was administered at midnight the second night of a 48-h hospital stay. Macronutrient and caloric intakes were calculated each day and a taste test of six commercial dairy products (fat content by weight < 0.5%, 2.0%, 3.3%, 10.5%, 18%, and 36%) was performed. Dairy products were judged for pleasantness, creaminess, and overall preference. Subjects were then asked to consume their favorite dairy product until sated. Urinary free cortisol (UFC) and plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), cortisol, insulin, and glucose were determined. Intake of a self-selected diet was recorded. As expected, in response to RU 486, UFC increased from 120 +/- 25 micrograms/24 h to 297 +/- 73 micrograms/24 h (p < 0.05) in obese men and from 81 +/- 10 micrograms/24 h to 357 +/- 109 micrograms/24 h (p < 0.05) in lean men. Plasma cortisol increased from 26.1 +/- 1.1 microgram/dl to 31.8 +/- 1.0 microgram/dl (p < 0.05) in obese men and from 26.1 +/- 1.7 micrograms/dl to 32.2 +/- 1.7 micrograms/dl (p < 0.05) in lean men. Plasma insulin was significantly higher in obese 24.6 +/- 3.2 microIU/ml than in lean men 12.8 +/- 1.1 microIU/ml (p = 0.0001) but was unaffected by RU 486. RU 486 did not decrease fat intake in either obese or lean men.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Biochemical and neurohormonal responses to the introduction of a lacto-ovovegetarian diet.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the mechanisms of the blood pressure-lowering effect of a vegetarian diet in the early and later stages of dietary intervention., DESIGN: After 2 weeks without intervention (baseline), 20 normotensive men were matched for age and body mass index and randomly allocated to an omnivorous (control) or a lacto-ovovegetarian diet for 6 weeks in a parallel trial., METHODS: Ambulatory blood pressures were recorded between 0800 and 1700 h on alternate days during the first week of intervention, twice in the second week and weekly thereafter. Blood samples collected after a standard breakfast were analysed for plasma noradrenaline, adrenaline, atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), renin, aldosterone, glucose and insulin. Factor and multiple regression analyses were used to assess the association among neurohormonal factors, blood pressures and diet. Results were analysed for the first week of the diet and for the entire 6 weeks., RESULTS: Ambulatory blood pressures at work were lower on the vegetarian diet than in the controls. This blood pressure decrease was associated with a factor representing lower plasma catecholamine and renin activity levels throughout the study, and a factor representing reduced plasma glucose and insulin levels in week 1 of intervention only. Plasma ANP levels were significantly higher during week 1 of the vegetarian diet., CONCLUSIONS: A blood pressure lowering effect of a vegetarian diet during normal working activity was shown. Using factors derived from the biochemical variables, results were in keeping with the hypothesis that these effects may be mediated by reduced sympatho-adrenal activity consequent to altered glucose and insulin handling. An early increase in plasma ANP may contribute to the blood pressure reduction.
Is dilution of cows' milk formula necessary for dietary management of acute diarrhoea in infants aged less than 6 months?.; There is concern that feeding full-strength animal milk to infants aged less than 6 months with diarrhoea may have adverse consequences. We assessed the effects on clinical course of two feeding regimens in 159 Guatemalan and Brazilian infants aged 2 weeks to 6 months who had had acute diarrhoea for 120 h or less, showed signs of mild to moderate dehydration, and had no complications. After correction of dehydration, infants were assigned randomly to receive continued full-strength milk feeding or initial feeding with diluted milk with regrading to full-strength milk over 48 h. There were no significant differences between feeding groups in rate of treatment failures (-1%, 95% Cl -14 to 12%) or mean (SD) total stool output (full-strength milk 335 [268] g/kg, diluted milk 338 [354] g/kg) and duration of diarrhoea (92 [50] vs 92 [44] h). A significant association was found between presence of reducing substances in stools and treatment failure (OR 4.3, 95% CI 1.1 to 16.8), but reducing substances in stools were common both in treatment successes (61%) and in failures (87%). Our study supports the conclusion that, for infants under 6 months of age with diarrhoea whose only food is animal milk or formula, the milk or formula normally given should be provided in full strength as soon as dehydration has been corrected.
Feeding intervals and fat absorption in preterm babies.; Fat absorption studies were conducted on 18 preterm babies to determine whether continuous nasogastric feeding is as effective as intermittent feeding. The infants ranged from 1 290 g to 1 960 g in birth weight and were assessed at a mean postnatal age of 34 days. Each served as a control by receiving an evaporated milk 1-hourly, 2-hourly, 3-hourly or continuously in random order. Equivalent volumes of milk were ingested over each 3-day period irrespective of the method of feeding and the daily weight gain was similar for the various regimens. Stool transit times did not vary and fat absorption and retention showed no significant differences. Continuous feeding appears to be suitable for preterm babies, especially when there is a need to avoid abdominal distension.
Improved food intake and reduced nausea and vomiting in patients given a restricted diet while receiving cisplatin chemotherapy.; Administration of cisplatin alone or in combination with other cytotoxic agents commonly produces intractable nausea and vomiting, which is currently controlled through high-dose antiemetic drugs. However, patients often refuse continued therapy because of suboptimal control of nausea and vomiting and substantial decline in nutritional status. In this pilot study, 19 patients receiving cisplatin were evaluated for nausea and vomiting, amount of food intake, and subjective assessment of well-being. The study group received a colorless, odorless, predetermined meal three times daily; the meal included cottage cheese, apple sauce, vanilla ice cream, and other selected foods. Control-group patients selected their own meal. Study-group patients exhibited higher overall food intake, decreased nausea and vomiting, and a higher scored estimation of well-being. The findings of this preliminary study indicate that the study diet helps provide nutrition care to cancer patients receiving cisplatin chemotherapy and helps create an atmosphere where the patient believes he or she has some control in the treatment outcome.
Dietary intervention in breast cancer patients: effects on food choice.; Effects of dietary intervention on food choice were studied in 240 women aged 50-65 years who had been operated for a stage I-II breast cancer. Following surgery, the women participated in a dietary history interview and were then randomized to one of two groups. The intervention group (n = 121) received individual dietary counselling aimed at reducing dietary fat intake to 20-25% energy (E%), whereas no dietary advice was given to women in the control group (n = 119). For the 52% of the women in the intervention group that completed the study the total fat intake decreased from 36 to 23 E% (P less than or equal to 0.01) and from 37 to 34 E% (P less than or equal to 0.01) for the control group. There were significant reductions in the intake of table fat, high-fat milk products, pork and sausages (containing greater than 11% fat), eggs, rice, pasta, cakes and chocolate for the intervention group. Concurrently the intake of vegetables, fruits, potatoes, bread, cereals, low-fat milk products, low-fat meat, sausages and fish increased significantly. For the control group there was a significant decrease in the consumption of total milk products, total meats, rice, pasta, cakes, and butter intake while the consumption of vegetables, fruits, cereals and fish increased (P less than or equal to 0.01). Reduction of high-fat foods and increases of carbohydrate-rich foods were more pronounced for the intervention group than for the control group. Formal education influenced dietary changes, and dietary counselling should therefore ideally be adapted to education level. This study showed that dietary counselling can bring about significant changes in consumption of high-fat foods for at least a 2-year period for women operated for breast cancer.
[Attempt of preventive treatment of striae gravidarum using preventive massage ointment administration].; Striae distensae are an appreciable cosmetic problem for many pregnant women. Preventive application of a water/oil massage cream was tested in a group of 24 gravidae (control group: 26 patients). In the untreated control group striae distensae were observed in two-thirds of the patients, whereas the prophylactically-treated gravidae showed development of striae in only one third of the group given the test preparation. Better results were obtained in women with a favourable constitutional predisposition than in patients with a tendency to overweight. The massage cream was well tolerated by all gravidae.
Comparative studies of gastrointestinal tolerance and acceptability of milk chocolate containing either sucrose, isomalt or sorbitol in healthy consumers and type II diabetics.; The objective was to compare reaction of adult consumers of confectionery to milk chocolate made with either isomalt, sucrose or sorbitol. Test chocolate was eaten by subjects at home during 7 days in amounts chosen by them up to a maximum of 100 g per day. In a double-blind crossover trial isomalt chocolate was associated in healthy consumers (n = 58) with increased motion frequency, wind and flatulence compared with sucrose chocolate. However, the intensity of these gastrointestinal effects was predominantly slight and insufficient to affect acceptability. In separate crossover trials, reactions of Type II diabetic consumers to eating isomalt chocolate (n = 53) or sorbitol chocolate (n = 51) were compared to reactions when eating no chocolate. Both isomalt and sorbitol chocolate were associated with higher incidence of wind and flatulence than for no chocolate, but only sorbitol chocolate increased motion frequency. Again intensity of gastrointestinal effects was slight. It is concluded that isomalt has potential use in both regular and diabetic chocolate.
[Clinical consequences of replacing milk with yogurt in persistent infantile diarrhea].; Persistent diarrhea is an episode of diarrhea that begins acutely but lasts longer than expected for this usually self-limited disease. Treatment of this ill-defined syndrome is not well standardized but immediate intervention is required to minimize the risk of malnutrition with its various consequences. This randomized clinical trial was undertaken to evaluate the clinical efficacy of substituting yogurt for milk, as the only treatment. After a one to two-day observation period during which a standard milk diet was given, 78 children aged 3 to 36 months with confirmed persistent diarrhea of more than 15 days but less than one month duration and negative tests for fecal blood were fed either milk (infant formula) or yogurt (infant formula fermented with Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus). At inclusion both groups were comparable for age, nutritional status, diarrhea, and lactose hydrogen breath test results. Clinical treatment failure (weight loss greater than 5% in one day or persistent diarrhea after 5 days) was significantly less common in children fed yogurt (15 +/- 6%) than in children fed milk (45 +/- 8%). The beneficial effects of feeding yogurt were apparent within 48 hours in 67 +/- 8% of infants. In conclusion, these data confirm the clinical efficacy of substituting yogurt for milk in young children with persistent diarrhea. They also suggest that yogurt may be a good alternative for the initial treatment of persistent diarrhea.
Randomised trial of nutrition for preterm infants after discharge.; In a randomised double blind trial, the effect on growth and clinical status of a nutrient enriched 'post-discharge' milk formula versus a standard term formula, was compared in 32 exclusively bottle fed preterm infants. The formulas were used as the sole milk intake up to a postnatal age of 9 months. Significant increases in linear growth and weight gain were observed in the infants who received the enriched diet. There were no differences in vomiting, posseting, or bowel habit between the groups. Formula volumes ingested were similar between diet groups, indicating that the difference in formula composition did not affect the infants' regulation of intake. These preliminary data suggest that there is a role for specially designed formulas for preterm infants after discharge from hospital.
[Does the hydrolysis of proteins change the acceptability and the digestive tolerance of milk for infants? The results of a comparative and randomized prospective study].; A prospective randomized study of growth and digestive tolerance in a cohort of 60 healthy infants with no history for allergic disease is reported. A milk-based formula and a formula of identical composition whose proteins had undergone hydrolysis were fed successively to the study infants according to a crossover design, for eight weeks. Intake, weight gain and length gain were comparable and satisfactory with both diets. With the hydrolyzed protein formula, stools were greener in color and significantly more numerous, although both parameters remained within normal limits. The most noteworthy result was the significantly greater rate of regurgitations in the group given the hydrolyzed protein formula, i.e., 26% versus 8% in the group fed a conventional modified milk formula. These results show that use of partial protein hydrolysate formulas is associated with minor digestive adverse effects.
Modulation of infant formula fat profile alters the low-density lipoprotein/high-density lipoprotein ratio and plasma fatty acid distribution relative to those with breast-feeding.; The effect of breast-feeding was compared with that of two fat-modified milk formulas in 45 infants (15 per group) studied by assessing body weight gain for 4 months and plasma lipids, lipoprotein profiles, fatty acid profiles of plasma and red blood cells, and plasma tocopherol status 3 months after birth. A saturated fat formula with coconut oil/soybean oil (COCO/SOY) had a fatty acid content and polyunsaturated/saturated ratio (P/S, 0.55) comparable with that of human milk fat (P/S, 0.39) and had the same fat energy content (50% kcal). The second formula, with corn oil/soybean oil (CORN/SOY), was highly unsaturated (P/S, 4.6), with only 35% kcal from fat. Energy intake and body weight gain were similar for all groups. Plasma total cholesterol, triglyceride, and phospholipid levels were significantly lower (greater than 20% on average) in infants fed the CORN/SOY formula than in infants fed either the COCO/SOY formula or human milk. Infants fed the CORN/SOY formula also had lower (25% to 35%) plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B levels and low-density lipoprotein/high-density lipoprotein and apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A-I ratios. Plasma, red blood cell, and cholesteryl ester fatty acids from infants fed COCO/SOY contained less 18:1 and more 18:2; cholesterol esters in plasma from breast-fed infants had the highest 20:4n-6 levels. Plasma tocopherol levels were higher in infants consuming formulas. The presence of cholesterol in human milk appeared to expand the low-density lipoprotein pool and exert an "unfavorable" increase in the low-density lipoprotein/high-density lipoprotein ratio. Thus modulation of infant lipoproteins by changing dietary fat and cholesterol is feasible and in keeping with the known response in adults.
Olive oil instead of butter increases net cholesterol excretion from the small bowel.; Butter was replaced by olive oil in a controlled 100 g fat diet in order to study the effect of saturated fats (SAFA) versus monounsaturated fats (MUFA) on small-bowel sterol excretion in eleven healthy ileostomates. Bile acids and neutral sterols were measured by gas-liquid chromatography. Net cholesterol excretion (excretion minus intake) was 84 +/- 25 mg/24 h (mean +/- SE) on the SAFA diet and increased to 218 +/- 32 mg/24 h on the MUFA diet (P less than 0.01). The bile acid excretion tended to be somewhat lower on the MUFA diet, but this was significant only for chenodeoxycholic acid. Net sterol excretion (the sum of excretion of net cholesterol and bile acids) was significantly lower on the SAFA diet than on the MUFA diet (443 +/- 60 and 529 +/- 58 mg/24 h, respectively). The immediately increased excretion of cholesterol from the small bowel could thus explain the serum cholesterol-lowering effect of a change from a SAFA-rich to a MUFA-rich diet, though the mechanism for this change is still unclear.
Effect of treatment with capsaicin on daily activities of patients with painful diabetic neuropathy. Capsaicin Study Group.; OBJECTIVE: To establish the effects of topically applied capsaicin on daily activities in patients with painful diabetic neuropathy., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Investigators at 12 sites enrolled 277 men and women with painful peripheral polyneuropathy and/or radiculopathy in an 8-wk double-blind vehicle-controlled study with parallel randomized treatment assignments. Participants were unresponsive or intolerant to conventional therapy and were experiencing pain that interfered with functional activities and/or sleep. Either 0.075% capsaicin cream or vehicle cream was applied to the painful areas 4 times/day. A visual analogue scale of pain intensity and baseline measurements of the pain's interference with the ability to walk, work, participate in recreational activities, use shoes and socks, sleep, and eat were recorded at onset and at 2-wk intervals. A physician's global evaluation scale assessed changes in pain status from baseline., RESULTS: Statistically significant differences are percentage of patients with improvement in favor of capsaicin versus vehicle: 69.5 vs 53.4% with clinical improvement in pain status (P = 0.012), 26.1 vs. 14.6% with improvement in walking (P = 0.029), 18.3 vs. 9.2% with improvement in working (P = 0.019), 29.5 vs. 20.3% with improvement in sleeping (P = 0.036), and 22.8 vs. 12.1% with improvement in participating in recreational activities (P = 0.037)., CONCLUSIONS: The results from this study suggest that topical 0.075% capsaicin is effective for reducing pain in patients with painful diabetic neuropathy with subsequent improvement in daily activities, enhancing the quality of the patient's life.
Self-treatment using a 0.5% podophyllotoxin cream of external genital condylomata acuminata in women. A placebo-controlled, double-blind study.; In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, self-treatment with a 0.5% podophyllotoxin cream was evaluated among 60 women afflicted solely with outer vulvoanal warts; 12 women received treatment with placebo cream and 48 women with active substance, administered twice daily in 3-day cycles once weekly for up to 3 weeks. Patients who were not completely cured after three cycles were classified as treatment failures. Four patients treated with podophyllotoxin cream were excluded: two were considered drop-outs, another patient was concurrently afflicted with intraanal warts, and a fourth patient refused further therapy with the cream due to the severity of local side effects occurring from the first course of therapy. Of the remaining 44 patients treated with active substance, the primary cure rates were 43%, 66%, and 91% after 1, 2, and 3 treatment cycles, respectively. Within a 3-month follow-up period, 6 (14%) patients who were originally considered cured exhibited some degree of either "recurrence" or "reoccurrence". Thus, a complete and permanent cure from podophyllotoxin cream occurred in 38 out of 44 patients (77%). Placebo lacked therapeutic influence. A slight-to-moderate tenderness, pain, burning, or all of the above in the treated areas was noted by more than 60% of the women who were treated with the podophyllotoxin cream.
Tryptophan fortification of adapted formula increases plasma tryptophan concentrations to levels not different from those found in breast-fed infants.; Several recent studies have demonstrated significantly lower plasma total tryptophan concentrations in formula-fed than in breast-fed infants. We have measured preprandial plasma amino acid concentrations in infants breast-fed or fed a formula with a protein concentration of 1.57 g/dl and with a whey/casein ratio of 60:40 or a formula with a protein concentration of 1.37 g/dl and a whey/casein ratio of 40:60 and fortified with 10 mg/dl (15 mg/100 kcal) of tryptophan. Healthy term infants (10 per group) were either breast-fed from birth or randomly assigned to one of the two study formulas. At 4 and 12 weeks of age, anthropometric measurements were performed and blood samples were obtained. During the study period of 12 weeks, all infants showed normal growth (weight, length, and head circumference) and there were no statistically significant differences between the groups. The plasma concentrations of the essential amino acids phenylalanine, threonine, valine, and lysine were significantly lower in the breast-fed group than in both formula-fed groups. For tyrosine, methionine, leucine, histidine, isoleucine, and arginine, no significant differences could be found between the feeding groups. Concentration of total plasma tryptophan was significantly higher in the breast-fed group than in the group fed the tryptophan-unfortified formula, but no statistically significant difference could be found between the plasma tryptophan concentration in the breast-fed group versus the group fed the tryptophan-fortified formula. The results indicate that tryptophan fortification of adapted formula is necessary to achieve plasma total tryptophan concentrations similar to those found in breast-fed infants.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Different quantities of two commercial liquid diets consumed by weight-losing cancer patients.; Twenty ambulatory, weight-losing patients with advanced cancer of the lung, breast, or ovary were randomized to supplement their diet for 2 months with either of two commercial complete liquid diets, one containing intact milk proteins and the other partially hydrolyzed soy proteins. Both products were prescribed as sip feeds in addition to normal food. The patients consumed more of the hydrolysate-containing product than of that with intact (milk) protein. The difference was significant and was maintained during both months of the study. An increase in total energy and protein was obtained in both groups, but was significant only with the hydrolysate product. At the end of the study there was no group difference in measures of nutritional status, but weight loss was halted in both groups.
Sodium supplementation in very low birth weight infants fed on their own mothers milk I: Effects on sodium homeostasis.; Sodium supplementation was done on 41 very low birth weight (VLBW) preterm infants with 25 other infants of similar weight status as controls. All the infants were fed on their own mothers milk whose sodium and potassium content was determined. Serum and urinary sodium, potassium and creatinine levels were determined in both groups during the study period of six weeks. Determination of weight gain, length gain and head circumference gain showed that these anthropometric parameters are significantly increased by sodium supplementation while sodium and potassium concentrations were not significantly affected. There were no cases of either hypernatraemia or hyponatraemia though renal excretion of sodium was very high in the supplemented group. Conclusions drawn from the study are that very little weight gain could have been due to fluid retention and that though sodium supplementation does not affect sodium profiles in these infants it has significant effect on their growth rate which may be due to its indirect/direct association with bone and protein metabolism.
Topical isotretinoin for photodamaged skin.; Photodamaged skin is characterized clinically by coarseness, telangiectasia, wrinkling, discrete hyperpigmented and hypopigmented macules, atrophy, and ultimately the development of neoplasms. Studies on the UVB-irradiated hairless mouse indicate that topical application of tretinoin or isotretinoin induces structural modifications at the dermal level. Clinical trials indicate that tretinoin improves skin appearance in patients who have photodamage. This double-blind, vehicle-controlled clinical trial was conducted to determine whether 36 weeks of treatment with topical isotretinoin improves mildly to moderately photodamaged facial skin. After they gave written informed consent 776 patients were randomly assigned to 36 weeks of treatment with either vehicle cream or isotretinoin cream, applied once nightly. Efficacy was evaluated by means of physician and patient assessment and a blinded analysis of standardized photographs taken before and after treatment. When compared with vehicle, treatment with isotretinoin resulted in statistically significant improvement in overall appearance, fine wrinkling, discrete pigmentation, sallowness, and texture. Isotretinoin cream was well tolerated.
Effects of dietary calcium from dairy products on ambulatory blood pressure in hypertensive men.; The effect of consumption of 400 mg vs 1,500 mg of dietary calcium per day was examined in 13 male volunteers who had been diagnosed as hypertensive. Dietary calcium consumption was varied by manipulation of the intake of dairy products over 4-week periods. Caffeine intake (mean = 500 mg/day) was monitored. Neither laboratory blood pressure measured by standard sphygmomanometry nor ambulatory blood pressure monitored by automated sphygmomanometry varied significantly among men consuming baseline, low-calcium, or high-calcium diets (laboratory blood pressure = 136/83, 133/83, and 137/84 mm Hg, respectively; ambulatory blood pressure = 136/86, 138/87, and 138/87 mm Hg, respectively). Serum ionized calcium values did not vary with the three diets (1.25, 1.26, and 1.25 mmol/L, respectively). The parathyroid hormone level decreased (39 mmol/L vs 37 mmol/L) and the urinary calcium:creatinine ratio was elevated (0.41 vs 0.50) in the high-calcium diet. Consumption of a diet containing 1,500 mg calcium per day over 4 weeks did not produce a significant decrease in blood pressure or alterations in calcium metabolic indexes.
Effects of prolonged exposure to partially hydrolyzed milk protein.; Formulas containing proteins with reduced potential to sensitize might be effective in reducing the risk of atopic disease, but such products should be nutritionally adequate. We designed a randomized, double-blind study to evaluate nutritional adequacy and sensitization potential of a formula containing partially hydrolyzed whey-predominant milk proteins. Subjects were term infants enrolled at birth. Infants in group A were fed human milk, and group B received the partially hydrolyzed formula; group C, fed a formula containing intact whey-predominant milk proteins, served as control subjects. We recorded anthropometric measurements and symptoms of formula intolerance at monthly intervals for 4 months in 205 infants. Milk IgE and IgG antibodies were measured until 8 months of age in 63 infants. Daily weight gain was not significantly different among the groups. Gastrointestinal symptoms attributed to feeding intolerance were also comparable. Increases in serum IgG antibodies were significantly greater in group C throughout the study. There were no significant differences in IgE antibodies. Thus a formula containing partially hydrolyzed whey-predominant milk protein promoted adequate growth and induced a lesser priming effect for IgG antibody response than did an intact whey-predominant formula.
Protein metabolism and growth of term infants in response to a reduced-protein, 40:60 whey: casein formula with added tryptophan.; The effects of an experimental reduced-protein (13 g/L), milk-based formula with a whey-casein ratio of 40:60 and added tryptophan (Trp) (490 mumol/L, or 100 mg/L; EF) were measured by growth and protein biochemistry in term infants from 0 to 12 wk postnatally. Newborn infants (n = 95) were randomly assigned to receive EF or conventional formula (15 g protein/L, whey-casein ratio of 60:40; CF) and compared with 58 breast-fed infants (BF). Growth velocity for weight, length, and head circumference was similar between groups. In 79 infants, blood was sampled preprandially at 4, 8, and 12 wk. For all times, plasma Trp was similar in BF and EF infants (58.4 +/- 10.4 vs 59.5 +/- 14.7 mumol/L, mean +/- SD) but lower in CF infants (53.4 +/- 8.4, P < 0.05). The plasma Trp-large neutral amino acid (AA) ratio was higher with EF than with CF, as was prealbumin (P < 0.05). Formula-fed infants had higher (P < 0.05) plasma urea, prealbumin, total essential AA, branched-chain AA, and threonine than did BF infants. A reduced-protein formula with added Trp resulted in Trp status similar to that in BF infants, without compromising growth or protein biochemistry compared with CF infants.
Public health implications of dietary differences between social status and occupational category groups.; STUDY OBJECTIVE: As there is a social status gradient in chronic disease mortality in Australia, this study aimed to establish whether there were substantial differences among socioeconomically defined groups with respect to food choice and nutrient intake, in the context of risk of nutrition related chronic diseases., DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: Cross sectional data were collected from a randomly selected population sample of 1500 urban Australian adults. Data were collected by postal questionnaire, which included an assessment of dietary intake and questions on sociodemographic details. Three measures of social position were collected: occupation, educational status, and income status. Occupation was interpreted both on a continuous, prestige scale, and also as categorical occupational groupings., MAIN RESULTS: The study achieved a 70% response rate. Higher social status was generally associated with healthier dietary intakes, with lower fat and refined sugar densities, and higher fibre densities, but also with higher alcohol density. No differences were found in salt, polyunsaturated fat, protein, or complex carbohydrate densities across groups. Food intake differences were also found between occupational status groups, with the upper social groups tending to consume more wholegrain cereal foods, low fat milk, and fruit, and less refined cereal foods, full cream milk, fried meat, meat products, and discretionary sugar; but also more cheese and meat dishes., CONCLUSIONS: Although this study did show statistically significant differences across social status groups in relation to nutrient and food intakes, these differences were small compared to the disparity between intakes of all groups and the recommended patterns of intake, and did not appear to be great enough to be a major explanatory variable in differences in disease risk across groups.
Plasma lipoprotein lipid and Lp[a] changes with substitution of elaidic acid for oleic acid in the diet.; The effect of additional dietary trans fatty acids (7% energy) on plasma lipids was assessed in a double-blind comparison of four separate diets: 1, enriched with butter fat (lauric-myristic-palmitic); 2, oleic acid-rich; 3, elaidic acid-rich; 4, palmitic acid-rich. The total dietary period was 11 weeks and comprised normal foods plus specific fat supplements. In 27 mildly hypercholesterolemic men, total and LDL cholesterol were significantly lower during the 3-week oleic acid-rich diet, and were similar during the other three diets. For the four diets LDL cholesterol levels were in mg/dl: 1, 163; 2, 151; 3, 165; 4, 161. HDL cholesterol was significantly higher with the palmitic acid-rich diet, 42 mg/dl, compared with elaidic acid, 38 mg/dl, which in turn was not lower than with oleic acid, 38 mg/dl. Plasma elaidic acid concentration rose seven-fold with the trans fatty acid diet but did not increase the vulnerability of LDL to oxidative change. The elaidic acid-rich diet led to significant elevations in the level of Lp[a] compared to all the other test diets. The Lp[a] level increased to 296 +/- 220 U/l in the elaidic acid-rich period from 235 +/- 182 (mean +/- SD) in the first ("butter") period (P less than 0.001) compared with 249 +/- 204 in the palmitic acid period (P less than 0.001) and 236 +/- 201 in the oleic acid period (NS). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Serum cholesterol, cholesteryl ester, and high-density lipoprotein development in newborn infants: response to formulas supplemented with cholesterol and gamma-linolenic acid.; Healthy newborn infants were either breast-fed or randomly designated to receive a standard formula, formula plus cholesterol, or formula plus gamma-linolenic acid at birth. At 0, 7, and 30 days of life, the following variables were measured: cholesteryl esters (cholesteryl arachidonate, cholesteryl oleate, cholesteryl palmitate, and cholesteryl linoleate), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, apoproteins (A-I, A-II, B, C-II, C-III, and E), and the cholesterol and apoprotein A-I content of the HDL subfractions HDL-2b, HDL-(2a + 3a), and HDL-(3b + 3c). Breast-fed infants had higher serum levels of cholesterol, cholesteryl oleate, cholesteryl palmitate, cholesteryl arachidonate, and HDL-2b than had formula-fed infants. Addition of gamma-linolenic acid to formula raised cholesteryl-arachidonate levels, and cholesterol and gamma-linolenic acid raised serum HDL-2b levels compared with those produced by unsupplemented formula. Our data suggest that both exogenous cholesterol and gamma-linolenic acid contribute to the maturation of HDL particles associated with human milk consumption in newborn infants. They may also promote adequate delivery of cholesterol and arachidonic acid to the developing brain.
Clinical trial of modified whole milk, lactose-hydrolyzed whole milk, or cereal-milk mixtures for the dietary management of acute childhood diarrhea.; A randomized, double-masked clinical trial was completed to compare the effects of four dietary regimens for the nutritional management of 116 Peruvian children between 3 and 24 months of age with acute diarrhea. Diets consisted of a modified whole milk formula (group M), a lactose-hydrolyzed milk formula (HM), wheat noodles and whole milk (N-M), or wheat noodles and lactose-hydrolyzed whole milk (N-HM), all offered in amounts up to 55 kcal/kg body weight/day for the first 2 days of treatment and up to 110 kcal/kg/day for 4 days thereafter. The clinical characteristics of the patients in each group were similar initially. Treatment failure rates in the two milk groups combined (M = 14.3%, HM = 20.0%) were greater than in the two noodle-milk groups combined (N-M = 3.4%, N-HM = 3.4%), p = 0.03. The average stool outputs by children in both M groups (range 40-66 g/kg body weight per day on all study days) were consistently greater than those by children in both N-M groups (range 29-50 g/kg/day). The differences by dietary group were statistically significant on days 3 and 4 (p less than 0.04, analysis of variance). The estimated median durations of illness [and 95% confidence limits (CL)] in each milk group (M = 138 h, CL: 88-214; HM = 113 h, CL: 75-170) were significantly greater than in each noodle-milk group (N-M = 52 h, CL: 35-76; N-HM = 67 h, CL: 45-100), p less than 0.001-0.071. In this group of patients, noodle-milk mixtures produced fewer treatment failures, lower fecal outputs, and shorter durations of diarrhea than did milk alone, regardless of the lactose contents of the respective milks or mixed diets. Small differences in intestinal absorption and changes in body weight by dietary group that were identified were of minor clinical importance during the short duration of study. Thus, the noodle-milk diets employed during this study were safer than the milk diets for the dietary management of children with acute diarrhea.
[Use of phytostimolin vaginal cream and lavage in cervical dystrophy after DTC of the cervix].; The study evaluated the efficacy and tolerance of the active components of "phytostimolin" cream and vaginal lavage, Triticum Vulgare and Ether glycoethylen-mono-phenolic, in 40 patients suffering from dystrophic cervico-vaginal pathologies (group 1), and in 20 patients following DTC of the portio due to ectropion (group 2). The study was double blind. An overall efficacy of 70% was observed in group 1 and 90% in group 2. The results obtained, the absence of side effects, and the good level of tolerance confirm the value of the above components in the pathology in question.
Feeding the premature infant after hospital discharge: growth and biochemical responses.; We conducted a double-blinded, randomized trial in premature infants after hospital discharge to test the hypotheses that growth and biochemical responses in those fed a formula with a reduced protein content (1.3 gm/dl) would be similar to those in infants fed a standard infant formula (protein 1.5 gm/dl). Twenty low birth weight infants were followed for 16 weeks from the time of hospital discharge. Growth (weight, length, and head circumference) and biochemical responses (total protein, prealbumin, retinol-binding protein, and blood urea nitrogen values) were similar in the two groups of infants. Plasma amino acids reflected the differences in protein intakes and were similar to previously reported values for premature infants fed human milk or formula. These results demonstrate similar growth and biochemical responses in preterm infants fed a standard infant formula and a formula with a protein content closer to that of human milk.
Growth and metabolic responses in low-birth-weight infants fed human milk fortified with human milk protein or with a bovine milk protein preparation.; Unfortified human milk does not normally provide enough protein to secure maximal growth in low-body-weight (LBW) infants. Due to the practical difficulties in obtaining human milk protein (HMP), a bovine milk protein preparation (BMP) was designed by computer calculation to contain as close as possible the amino acid composition of the nutritionally available human milk proteins. Twenty-one AGA, LBW infants (BW of 1,180 to 1,600 g, GA of 27 to 33 weeks) were randomly assigned to be fed HM enriched either with HMP (9 infants) or BMP (12 infants). When full volume intake (170 ml/kg/day) was reached, the protein intakes were 3.6 +/- 0.5 and 3.3 +/- 0.3 g/kg/day, respectively, in the two diet groups. During the study period of 24 days, the infants achieved intrauterine or better weight gains: 32.9 +/- 3.3 g/day (17.7 +/- 1.9 g/kg/day) in the HMP group and 34.7 +/- 7.3 g/day (18.3 +/- 3.5 g/kg/day) in the BMP group. Serum urea nitrogen, acid-base status, and albumin values were normal and similar in both groups of infants. Plasma concentrations of total essential and total amino acids at the end of the study were 3,999 and 1,539 mumol/L and 3,899 and 1,422 mumol/L in the HMP and the BMP groups, respectively. The concentrations of all individual plasma amino acids were similar in both feeding groups. These results show that feeding human milk fortified with a modified bovine milk protein preparation produces satisfactory growth and a plasma amino acid profile similar to that found in LBW infants fed exclusively human milk protein at similar intakes.
A comparative study of three different test diets in change in plasma total cholesterol in young healthy individuals.; The effect of single dose of three different types of high cholesterol diet on plasma total cholesterol (PTC) in 24 young healthy subjects (male:female = 1:1) aged 15 to 35 years was studied. One group (n1 = 8) was given a butter and milk diet (300 mg cholesterol and 95 g fat). In the first postprandial hour PTC level increased significantly in all but one subject (mean +/- S.D., 4.96 +/- 0.57 m mol/l to 5.61 +/- 0.60 m mol/l, P < 0.005). Second group (n2 = 8) was given a single egg diet (300 mg cholesterol and 6 g fat). In the first hour the PTC level decreased significantly in all but 2 subjects (4.82 +/- 0.58 m mol/l to 4.42 +/- 0.63 m mol/l, P < 0.02). Third group subjects (n2(3) = 8) were given a test diet consisting of crystalline cholesterol with 200 ml milk (1020 mg cholesterol and 14 g fat). The PTC level increased insignificantly. In the first hour in all but 2 subjects (4.94 +/- 0.43 m mol/l to 5.35 +/- 0.88 m mol/l, P > 0.10). In the third postprandial hour the PTC values in all the 3 groups showed a tendency to return to fasting values. Therefore, we conclude that the effect of dietary cholesterol on PTC depends not only on the amount of cholesterol content in the diet, but on the type of diet (cholesterol vehicle) as such and probably also on the fat content of the diet.
Skin pretreatment and the use of transdermal clonidine.; Although therapy with transdermal clonidine is effective in bringing elevated blood pressure under control, this mode of delivery has been associated with localized dermal reactions in a small percentage of patients. Because anecdotal information suggests that a number of physicians have resorted to various dermal pretreatment strategies in an effort to alleviate or eliminate these dermal reactions, we decided to investigate the two most commonly used pretreatment strategies, to determine if they affected the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of transdermally administered clonidine. Specifically, we examined the effect of dermal pretreatment with 0.5% hydrocortisone cream and with an over-the-counter antacid, magnesium-aluminum hydroxide suspension, on the pharmacokinetics of transdermal clonidine in 10 adult hypertensive males. Patients were randomized to receive one of the two pretreatment regimens or therapy with the patch alone, and after 7 days of treatment and a 14-day washout period, patients were crossed over to receive one of the other therapies. All patients ultimately received all three therapies. We present here the results from the 10 patients enrolled in our study. Our study found a statistical difference detected in maximum plasma concentration (Cmax), steady-state plasma concentration (Css), and apparent clonidine dose delivered (Doseapp) following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone compared with the transdermal patch alone. The mean +/- SD relative extents of absorption (Frel) of clonidine following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone and magnesium-aluminum hydroxide in respect to the transdermal patch alone were 94.84 +/- 45.69% and 97.65 +/- 59.65%, respectively. No significant difference was detected in this parameter. Supine and sitting blood pressures and pulse rates were similar during treatment with clonidine alone, following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone cream, and following pretreatment with magnesium-aluminum hydroxide suspension. In addition, systemic side effects were evenly distributed among treatments. However, dermal side effects were less frequent following pretreatment with hydrocortisone compared with magnesium-aluminum hydroxide and the patch alone. The results of this study suggest that dermal pretreatment with 0.5 percent hydrocortisone cream may significantly alter the plasma concentrations of transdermally administered clonidine without adversely altering the pharmacodynamics.
The effect of topical retinoids on the leukotriene-B4-induced migration of polymorphonuclear leukocytes into human skin.; Systemic retinoids are effective in a variety of inflammatory dermatoses. Disorders in which polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) are involved, such as psoriasis and acne, respond particularly well to various retinoids. However, side-effects restrict the use of systemic retinoids to severe manifestations. Topical application might provide the possibility of avoiding the systemic side-effects of these compounds. In this communication we report on the modulation of transepidermal migration of PMN by topical application of all-trans-retinoic acid, 13-cis-retinoic acid, arotinoid methyl sulphone and arotinoid ethyl sulphone. Test areas of healthy volunteers were pretreated with these retinoids in a cream base and with corresponding placebo creams, and intraepidermal accumulation of PMN was quantified 24 h after epicutaneous challenge with leukotriene B4 (LTB4), using elastase as a marker enzyme. Topical treatment with 13-cis-retinoic acid resulted in a marked and statistically significant inhibition of the LTB4-induced migration of PMN. All-trans-retinoic acid, arotinoid methyl sulphone and arotinoid ethyl sulphone reduced the accumulation of PMN slightly, but not statistically significantly. Topical treatment with arotinoid methyl sulphone had no effect.
The influence of diet on the appearance of new lesions in human coronary arteries.; The Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study, a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of blood lipid lowering, demonstrated significant benefit in 2-year coronary angiograms. Using angiograms of subjects in the Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study who received a placebo and 24-hour dietary recall data, we performed an epidemiologic study of risk factors for formation of new atherosclerotic lesions. Age and baseline plus on-trial lipid levels, blood pressure levels, and diet variables were included. Significant dietary energy sources were protein, carbohydrate, alcohol, total fat, and polyunsaturated fat. Each quartile of increased consumption of total fat and polyunsaturated fat was associated with a significant increase in risk of new lesions. Increased intake of lauric, oleic, and linoleic acids significantly increased risk. Subjects in the Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study in whom new lesions did not develop increased dietary protein to compensate for reduced intake of fat by substituting low-fat meats and dairy products for high-fat meats and dairy products. These results indicate that when total and saturated fat intakes are reduced to levels recommended by the National Cholesterol Education Program, protein and carbohydrate are preferred substitutes for fat calories, rather than monounsaturated or polyunsaturated fat.
Local anesthesia of the genital mucosa with a lidocaine/prilocaine cream (EMLA) for laser treatment of condylomata acuminata: a placebo-controlled study.; The time of onset and duration of local anesthesia of a lidocaine/prilocaine cream (EMLA) applied to the genital mucosa were assessed in a double-blind study. Eighty women with condylomata on their genital mucosa were randomly allocated to either EMLA (N = 60) or placebo cream (N = 20) between 1-75 minutes before CO2 laser treatment. The pain was evaluated by the patient on a visual analogue scale. The most effective degree of anesthesia was achieved after 5-15 minutes' application of EMLA. The patients given EMLA, regardless of application time, felt significantly less pain than the patients given placebo. EMLA could provide an alternative to general anesthesia in patients with extensive condylomata on the genital mucosa.
Patient tolerance study of topical chlorhexidine diphosphanilate: a new topical agent for burns.; Effective topical antimicrobial agents decrease infection and mortality in burn patients. Chlorhexidine phosphanilate (CHP), a new broad-spectrum antimicrobial agent, has been evaluated as a topical burn wound dressing in cream form, but preliminary clinical trials reported that it was painful upon application. This study compared various concentrations of CHP to determine if a tolerable concentration could be identified with retention of antimicrobial efficacy. Twenty-nine burn patients, each with two similar burns which could be separately treated, were given pairs of treatments at successive 12-h intervals over a 3-day period. One burn site was treated with each of four different CHP concentrations, from 0.25 per cent to 2 per cent, their vehicle, and 1 per cent silver sulphadiazine (AgSD) cream, an antimicrobial agent frequently used for topical treatment of burn wounds. The other site was always treated with AgSD cream. There was a direct relationship between CHP concentration and patients' ratings of pain on an analogue scale. The 0.25 per cent CHP cream was closest to AgSD in pain tolerance; however, none of the treatments differed statistically from AgSD or from each other. In addition, ease of application of CHP creams was less satisfactory than that of AgSD. It was concluded that formulations at or below 0.5 per cent CHP may prove acceptable for wound care, but the vehicle system needs pharmaceutical improvement to render it more tolerable and easier to use.
Growth, nutrient retention, and metabolic response of low-birth-weight infants fed supplemented and unsupplemented preterm human milk.; Growth, nutrient retention, and metabolic response of low-birth-weight infants fed human milk provided by their mother; this milk supplemented with bovine milk protein, calcium, phosphorus, and sodium; or pasteurized term human milk with the same supplement were monitored from the time desired intake was tolerated until weight reached 2200 g. The supplement resulted in greater rates of weight gain (20.5 +/- 2.3 vs 16.4 +/- 2.2 g.kg-1.d-1) and nitrogen retention (353 +/- 76 vs 270 +/- 53 mg.kg-1.d-1), increase in plasma transthyretin (TTR) concentration (7 +/- 16 vs -3 +/- 9 mg.L-1.wk-1), a higher mean plasma albumin concentration (34 +/- 3 vs 32 +/- 4 g/L), and a higher plasma TTR concentration at discharge (100 +/- 22 vs 75 +/- 24 mg/L). All these variables correlated significantly with total nitrogen intake, suggesting that the differences are attributable to the protein content of the supplement. The supplement also resulted in greater rates of calcium and phosphorus accretion but the plasma alkaline phosphatase activity of the supplemented vs the unsupplemented groups did not differ.
Treatment of extensive vulvar condylomata acuminata with topical 5-fluorouracil.; Forty-nine nonpregnant women with extensive condylomata acuminata of the vulva were studied to evaluate the effectiveness of topical 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) for treating vulvar condylomata and to compare the results of continuous use with periodic use of the medication. Patients using the continuous regimen were instructed to apply 5% 5-FU cream to the vulva each night for 6 weeks or until a brisk inflammatory reaction occurred. The periodic regimen consisted of applying 5-FU cream on 2 consecutive nights per week for 10 week. Thirty-five patients (71%) responded to 5-FU treatment (20 complete responses, 41%; 15 partial responses, 30%). Fourteen patients (29%) did not respond. The response rates observed in 19 patients using the continuous regimen (eight complete responses, five partial responses, and six treatment failures) were not significantly different from the response rates obtained in 30 patients with the periodic regimen (12 complete responses, 10 partial responses, and eight treatment failures; P greater than .05, chi-squared test). The periodic regimen caused fewer side effects than the continuous regimen. I conclude that topical 5-FU is effective for treatment of vulvar condylomata acuminata and that periodic applications are preferable to continuous applications.
Impairment of estramustine phosphate absorption by concurrent intake of milk and food.; The effect of milk and food on the pharmacokinetics of estramustine phosphate was investigated in six patients with prostatic cancer. In a randomized three-way cross-over study, the patients were given single doses of the drug together with low calcium water, low calcium food and milk. The evaluation was based upon the plasma concentration of two metabolites, estromustine and estrone, as parent drug could not be detected in plasma. The tmax and lag time of estromustine were significantly increased by milk and food intake and Cmax and AUC were significantly decreased. In comparison with water, the AUC of estromustine was 41% when the drug was taken with milk and 67% after simultaneous intake of standardized food. Corresponding figures for the peak values were 32 and 57%, respectively. The effect of milk and food intake on the pharmacokinetics of estrone was similar. Studies in vitro demonstrated that the dissolution of estramustine phosphate disodium was markedly impaired in the presence of calcium. It was concluded that the rate and extent of absorption of estramustine phosphate were decreased when the drug was taken with milk or food due to the formation of a poorly absorbable calcium complex. To obtain high and reproducible absorption of Estracyt, the drug should not be taken together with milk, milk products or other calcium-rich food or drugs.
Effect of diets high in butter, corn oil, or high-oleic acid sunflower oil on serum lipids and apolipoproteins in men.; This randomized blind crossover study compared serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentrations in 20 men consuming 37-43% of energy as fat from diets based on corn oil, high-oleic acid sunflower oil, and butter. Each phase of the crossover design included 2 wk of butter-based diet followed by 5 wk of designated vegetable-oil-based diet with a 7-wk washout period between phases. Compared with values for the butter-based diet, the vegetable-oil-based diets reduced serum total cholesterol by 16-21% (p less than 0.001), LDL cholesterol by 21-26% (p less than 0.001), triglycerides by 10-21% (p less than 0.01 for the higher figure), and apolipoprotein B-100 by 22-29% (p less than 0.001). When values fell, they fell further on the corn-oil-based diet. There were no significant changes in serum HDL cholesterol or apolipoprotein A-1. These data suggest that when men on diets high in saturated fatty acids reduce their saturated fatty acid intake but not their total fat intake, many can still experience a significant lowering in serum total cholesterol.
Dietary modification with dairy products for preventing vertebral bone loss in premenopausal women: a three-year prospective study.; The effect of dietary calcium on vertebral bone mass in women is controversial. In a randomized study we have investigated the effect of dietary modification in the form of dairy products on vertebral bone mass in 30- to 42-yr-old premenopausal women over a 3-yr period. Twenty women increased their dietary calcium intake by an average of 610 mg/day (P less than 0.03) for 3 yr, while 17 age- and weight-matched women served as controls. Calcium intake was monitored by 3-day diet histories and 24-h urinary calcium excretion. The consumption of the dairy products did not alter serum calcium or PTH levels or the fasting urinary calcium to creatinine ratio. Twenty-four-hour urinary calcium excretion increased by 28% (P less than 0.03) in the supplemented women. Dairy product intake was accompanied by increased dietary fat intake, but there were no statistically significant changes in serum cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, or high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. The vertebral bone density in the women consuming increased calcium did not change over the 3-yr period (-0.4 +/- 0.9%). In contrast, the vertebral bone density in the control women declined (-2.9 +/- 0.8%; P less than 0.001) and was significantly lower than that in the supplemented group at 30 and 36 months. The study suggests that dietary modification in the form of dairy products retards vertebral bone loss in premenopausal women. Therefore, increased calcium intake in estrogen-replete premenopausal women may prevent age-related bone loss.
Effect of feeding yogurt versus milk in children with persistent diarrhea.; Although the pathophysiology of persistent diarrhea in children remains unclear, it has been suggested that it may be related to the composition of the food ingested. Since lactase deficiency and cow's milk protein intolerance are often identified in children with persistent diarrhea, replacement of milk with yogurt should be beneficial. We, therefore, compared the clinical outcome of children (aged 3-36 months) with persistent diarrhea randomly assigned to receive either milk or yogurt for 5 days. Preliminary results on 45 of the 100 children indicated clinical failure, which was determined after a 5% loss of body weight per day or the persistence of diarrhea after 5 days, in only 14% of the children fed yogurt compared to 42% of those fed milk (p less than 0.05). These preliminary results strongly suggest a clinical advantage of feeding yogurt rather than milk in children with persistent diarrhea.
Prevention of neonatal necrotizing enterocolitis.; Small premature infants are often hypochlorhydric, and frequently their stomachs are colonized by enteric, gram-negative bacteria. We tested a hypothesis that gastric pH affected the colonization of the stomach with enteric bacteria and that this colonization was causally related to the risk or severity of necrotizing enterocolitis. A prospective, double-blind study was conducted that compared a group of infants supplemented with 0.01-0.02 ml of 1 N HCl/ml of milk to a group with a similar supplement of water. Gastric pH, gastric enteric bacteria counts, and the incidence and severity of necrotizing enterocolitis were monitored. The median gastric pH of the HCl-supplemented group was lower (3.0) than controls (4.0) throughout the study (p less than 0.001). The gastric enteric bacterial colonization rate and the quantitative bacterial counts were strongly correlated with gastric pH over 4 (p less than 0.001). Somatic growth rates in infants in the HCl-supplemented group were equal to, or exceeded, those in the control group. There was 1 case of necrotizing enterocolitis among the 34 infants in the HCl-supplemented group and 8 cases among the 34 in the control group (p = 0.02). It appears that acidifying the feedings of small premature infants to a pH low enough to inhibit bacterial proliferation in the stomach significantly lowers the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis.
Dietary protein source and plasma lipid profiles of infants.; Total cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations were measured in plasma samples taken at 4 and 8 weeks of age from 40 full-term infants who had been fed either human milk or one of three formulas containing casein-to-whey ratios of 82:18, 66:34, or 50:50 to investigate whether dietary protein influenced the development of plasma lipid profiles. Infants fed the formula with the casein-to-whey ratio of 82:18 had significantly higher plasma cholesterol levels at both 4 and 8 weeks of age compared with other groups of infants (P less than .05). Infants fed the high-casein formula also showed an increase in plasma cholesterol levels with time (P less than .001). Plasma triglyceride concentrations decreased as concentration of casein decreased (P less than .05) among the formula-fed groups and increased with time. Infants fed human milk had plasma triglyceride concentrations similar to those infants who had been fed the 82:18 formula at 4 weeks of age; however, triglyceride concentrations eventually fell and were similar to those concentrations in infants who had been fed the 50:50 formula at 8 weeks of age. Results indicate that constituent lipids of human milk or formulas were not determining factors for changes observed in plasma cholesterol levels and triglyceride concentrations among groups. Since formulas differed only in proteins and their constituent amino acids, further investigation of the impact of dietary protein (amino acids) on development of blood lipid profiles in infants is warranted.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of skim milk from immunized cows in hypercholesterolemic patients.; The effect of skim milk from cows immunized against a variety of human intestinal bacteria on serum cholesterol concentrations was examined in 11 patients with primary hypercholesterolemia in a 24-wk, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study. After a 4-wk baseline period, patients were treated for 8 wk either with skim milk from immunized cows (active) or with control skim milk (placebo) followed by an 8-wk period with the treatment order reversed. Eight weeks of active treatment with skim milk from immunized cows reduced serum total cholesterol concentrations by 0.52 +/- 0.59 mmol/L (mean +/- SD; P less than 0.025), or 8%, LDL cholesterol by 0.16 +/- 0.59 mmol/L (NS), or 4%, and the atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol) by 0.42 +/- 1.85 (P less than 0.05), or 8%, compared with the placebo treatment. Reversal of the favorable development occurred upon cessation of active treatment. We conclude that daily supplementation of a normal diet with skim milk from immunized cows can result in a significant reduction of elevated blood cholesterol concentrations.
Topical idoxuridine for treatment of genital warts in males. A double-blind comparative study of 0.25% and 0.5% cream.; Fifty heterosexual male patients with histologically verified genital warts of short duration (less than 3 months) were randomly allocated to treatment with either 0.25% or 0.5% idoxuridine cream. The application of the cream to the warts was performed twice daily for an initial period of 14 days, whereafter patients with partial improvement or no response were retreated in the same way for another period of 14 days. Patients not completely healed after 28 days were regarded as treatment failures and withdrawn from the study. After the initial treatment period of 14 days, 19 of 25 patients (76%) treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream, and 9 of 25 patients (36%) treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream were completely healed. This difference is significant (p less than 0.01). The corresponding figures at the second follow-up examination (28 days after start of the study) were 19 of 25 (76%) and 13 of 25 (52%), respectively. At the last follow-up examination three months after start of treatment, four patients treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream and five patients treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream had a relapse. Thus, the overall rate of complete healing was 15 of 25 (60%) for the patients treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream and 8 of 25 (32%) for those treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream. The difference is significant (p less than 0.01). No adverse reactions were observed or reported by the patients.
Topical treatment with human leukocyte interferon of HPV 16 infections associated with cervical and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasias.; The present placebo-controlled, double-blind trial was designed to determine the effect of potent human leukocyte interferon cream (IFN) on genital HPV 16 (high-risk-type) infections associated with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) and/or vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (VAIN). Twenty women were treated with either IFN or placebo cream. The daily dose of IFN was 9 x 10(6) IU. The patients applied the cream deep into the vagina every night for 2-week courses 1 week apart. The entire treatment period was 12 months. On the basis of colposcopical, cytological, and histological examinations, 4 of 9 patients in the IFN group and 7 of 10 patients in the placebo group showed clinical remissions at the end of the trial. However, the virological studies gave a different picture. After treatment, 6 of 9 in the IFN group and 3 of 10 in the placebo group were HPV 16 DNA negative (in situ hybridization). All four patients in remission after IFN were HPV 16 DNA negative, whereas 4 of 7 patients in remission after placebo were still HPV 16 DNA positive. One patient treated with placebo showed progression; no patient in the IFN group showed progression. During the post-treatment follow-up of 16 months, no recurrences were noted in the IFN group, as compared with 2 of 10 in the placebo group. These results showed a marked discrepancy between clinical evaluation (colposcopy, Pap smear, biopsy) and virological findings. Further studies are needed to clarify the prognostic value of the different evaluation criteria. It is encouraging that the high-risk HPV 16 infection was eradicated in two-thirds of the patients treated with topical IFN.
Divergent lipoprotein responses to fish oils with various ratios of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid.; To determine if the ratio of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids in fish oil had an effect on plasma lipid responses, we randomly fed eight normolipidemic men three 36%-fat diets containing primarily butter, EPA-rich pollock oil, or DHA-rich tuna or salmon-blend oils. Plasma EPA and DHA reflected the amounts in the diets. Compared with values for the butter diet, very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides decreased equally (71-78%) with all diets; low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B decreased 26% and 13%, respectively, on the tuna and salmon-blend oil but did not change (-1%) and increased 19% with the pollock diet; high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and lipoproteins A-I and A-II decreased with all diets but more with the pollock diet than with the tuna and salmon diets. The 23-31% decrease in total cholesterol on the tuna and salmon diets resulted mostly from decreased LDL-C whereas the 16% decrease on pollock oil resulted mostly from a decrease in HDL-C.
[Trial of milk with low-lactose contents in acute diarrhea].; Fifty infants with acute diarrhea (less than or equal to 5 days of duration) were refed with either a low-lactose formula (experimental group, N = 25) or whole powdered cow's milk (control group, N = 25). During a two-month follow up etiology, clinical course, changes of anthropometric parameters and tolerance to the milk products were evaluated. The etiology of diarrhoea, the mean duration of the episodes (3.6 +/- 1.9 and 3.9 +/- 1.9 days in the experimental and control group, respectively) and the clinical course were comparable in both groups. Nutritional parameters remained unchanged during and after the episode. In two children (8.3%) of the control group stools continued to be liquid, fecal pH was 5 and reducing substances were positive. They had to be refed with the low-lactose product to induce remission of the symptoms. Both products were well tolerated. These findings suggest that availability of low-lactose formulae may be advantageous in the clinical management of infants with acute diarrhea and evidence of lactose intolerance.
Effect of protein rich diet during acute phase of dysentery.; Ninety six children upto the age of five years suffering from uncomplicated acute dysentery of less than 3 days' duration were studied to find out the impact of feeding of extra-protein rich diet during their acute phase of illness. These children were randomly allocated to either control group (receiving only hospital diet) and study group (receiving hospital diet and extra milk which constituted 30% of ideal total calorie requirement of patients. Patients in the two groups were comparable on admission. Forty percent reduced food intake was observed among the children of both the groups due to severe anorexia which was reflected by no significant differences in clinical outcome, anthropometrical measurements and haematological parameters between the two groups on day 7 of hospitalisation and on day 15 after discharge.
[Influence of the changes in food intake patterns and smoking and drinking habits on stroke--20-year follow-up survey in the Oki-Islands, Shimane Prefecture, Japan].; In 1968 (the first survey), the food intake patterns and smoking and drinking habits of the 3,546 male and 4,350 female inhabitants aged 40-74, of the Oki-Islands, Shimane, Japan were investigated. The response rates were 64% for males and 65% for females. A second survey according the same protocol was carried out from 1987 to 1988. A total of 1,140 males and 1,694 females were randomly selected from the cohort members who were completely followed up from 1968 to 1987. The overall response rates at the second survey were 91.2% for male and 88.9% for female. The results are summarized as follows: 1. 'Saltless' dietary habits significantly advanced in both sexes of all age groups (40-49, 50-59, and 60-74 years old in 1968) and in both hypertensives and normotensives; the frequency of pickle intake significantly decreased, while that of miso soup intake did not change. Nutritional improvement was remarkable in that the frequency of fish, meat, eggs, milk, green vegetable and fruit intakes increased in both sexes of all age groups and in both hypertensives and normotensives. 2. The frequency of smoking significantly decreased in all age groups and in both male hypertensives and normotensives, in contrast with that of drinking. The frequencies of smoking and drinking showed the same tendencies in females. 3. The frequencies of smoking, drinking, and miso soup intake were higher in males who died from strokes than in those who died from other causes from 1968 to 1987, in contrast with the intakes of eggs and milk.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Breast milk and neonatal necrotising enterocolitis.; In a prospective multicentre study on 926 preterm infants formally assigned to their early diet, necrotising enterocolitis developed in 51 (5.5%). Mortality was 26% in stringently confirmed cases. In exclusively formula-fed babies confirmed disease was 6-10 times more common than in those fed breast milk alone and 3 times more common than in those who received formula plus breast milk. Pasteurised donor milk seemed to be as protective as raw maternal milk. Among babies born at more than 30 weeks' gestation confirmed necrotising enterocolitis was rare in those whose diet included breast milk; it was 20 times more common in those fed formula only. Other risk factors included very low gestational age, respiratory disease, umbilical artery catheterisation, and polycythaemia. In formula-fed but not breast-milk-fed infants, delayed enteral feeding was associated with a lower frequency of necrotising enterocolitis. With the fall in the use of breast milk in British neonatal units, exclusive formula feeding could account for an estimated 500 extra cases of necrotising enterocolitis each year. About 100 of these infants would die.
Inpatient-outpatient randomized comparison of Cambridge diet versus milk diet in 17 obese women over 24 weeks.; Twenty-two obese women were recruited for a prospective cross-over trial of the effects of either the Cambridge Diet (CD) or 1200 ml milk with iron and vitamin supplements (milk) during a three-week inpatient study, then 20 weeks as outpatients, then a final week as inpatients. Five dropped out, leaving eight who took initially milk and then CD and nine who took CD and then milk. Within each diet group five women had their jaws wired together during the outpatient phase. The four groups (CD/milk, with/without jaw wiring) were initially well matched for age, height, weight and resting metabolic rate (RMR). There was no significant difference (by unpaired t test) between the groups during the initial inpatient phase in rate of weight loss, or N loss/kg weight loss, but patients on CD during days 13-22 had a greater daily N loss than those on milk (2.08 vs 0.28 g N/day, P = 0.02). When the change in weight loss, N loss and N/kg weight loss on changing diet within a patient group was compared by paired t test the patients changing from milk to CD showed no significant change, but patients changing from CD to milk showed a reduced rate of weight loss (0.36-0.23 kg/day; P = 0.012), a reduced N loss (2.02-0.28 g N/day; P = 0.0013) and reduced loss of N/kg (6.26 to 1.02 g N/kg; P = 0.025). During the outpatient phase weight loss was not significantly related to the diet, but patients with jaws wired lost more weight than those without jaw wiring (0.151 vs 0.077 kg/day; P = 0.04). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Is high protein milk beneficial for SGA-terms?.; A three months longitudinal followup of SGA term babies was done for their response to feeding of high protein milk (3.1 g/100 ml) and they were compared with their breast fed counterparts. The formula fed infants had no advantage over the breast fed when weight was compared. However, blood urea and serum creatinine levels were higher in the formula fed infants, than the breast fed ones. The serum valine concentrations, indicative of protein nutritional status, increased with increasing postnatal age in all the infants. Formula fed had higher serum valine than breast fed ones. Serum phenylalanine and serum tyrosine levels, which may hamper CNS development, were higher in the formula fed infants than the breast fed ones.
Rapid versus gradual refeeding in acute gastroenteritis in childhood: energy intake and weight gain.; Fifty-two children aged 6-46 months (mean 19 months), hospitalized for acute gastroenteritis (GE), were randomized after oral rehydration to receive 7 days of either traditional gradual refeeding (GR) or rapid refeeding (RR), the latter consisting of a full-strength lactose-limited diet, including lactase-treated whole milk. The study focused on the effect of a high energy intake, excluding possible negative effects of lactose. Both dietary regimens were well tolerated, the only difference in the clinical symptoms between the two regimens being a higher stool frequency within the RR group (p less than 0.02). The total energy intake, as well as energy derived from fat and protein, was significantly higher in the RR than in the GR group (p less than 0.0001). The mean daily energy intake of the latter group never reached recommended daily allowance (RDA) levels, while that of the RR group did on day 5. Moreover, during the whole period of dietary regimen, the RR group exceeded the RDA protein requirements (mean intake ranged 175-252%), while the GR group did not reach this RDA level until day 4. Milk was a major source of energy in the RR group, providing 47-59% of the daily energy intake. The short- and long-term weight gains in the RR group were only a little higher than those of the GR group, the difference being insignificant.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Acute gastroenteritis in well nourished infants: comparison of four feeding regimens.; Two hundred well hydrated babies of 6 weeks to 12 months of age who had been fed on formula feeds and who were admitted with acute gastroenteritis were randomly allocated to receive either a standard return to full milk feeds, or immediate full strength feeds with one of three milk formulas, HN25, SMA Gold Cap, or Formula S. There were significant differences in weight change among the four treatment groups at two and five days, with initial weight loss recorded only for the group of babies who were receiving the graded return to full feeding. There was no difference in the duration of diarrhoea after admission, nor in the time to discharge. Eighteen babies were classified as failures of treatment. None had long term complications. Well hydrated infants with acute gastroenteritis may resume full milk feeding immediately.
Comparison of glycemic response and insulin requirements after mixed meals of equal carbohydrate content in healthy, type-1, and type-2 diabetic man.; The postprandial insulin requirements after three mixed meals of equal carbohydrate and energy content were assessed in 10 type-1 and 12 type-2 diabetics by a glucose-controlled insulin infusion system. These were compared with the glycemic response to the same meals of 10 healthy individuals (glycemic index). In type-1 diabetics, we found the highest insulin requirements after consumption of a continental breakfast (low fibre, low protein, high fat). Ten percent less insulin was infused after milk (low fat, high protein) and 30% less after an English breakfast (high fibre, high protein). Type-2 diabetics showed no significant differences in insulin requirements between the three test meals. The glycemic response in healthy individuals had no relation to these insulin requirements. Continental and English breakfast had a similar glycemic effect, whereas milk produced only 30% of the blood glucose response observed after the continental breakfast. These results indicate that neither the carbohydrate content (exchange lists) nor the glycemic index enable prediction of postprandial insulin requirements in insulin-deficient diabetes. For this purpose, we propose the insulin-need index, elaborated by testing whole meals in closed-loop experiments with type-1 diabetics.
Body weight of Pakistani infants reared on different feeding regimes.; A longitudinal study during the first year of life was conducted in Pakistani infants, to investigate the effect of feeding regimes on body weight. On an average, breast-fed infants showed better weight gain in the first six months. In the last six months of their first year, however, bottle-fed infants grew better. Breast-fed infants doubled their birth weight earlier than bottle- or combined-fed infants.
Late metabolic acidosis and poor weight gain in moderately pre-term babies fed with a casein-predominant formula: a continuing need for caution.; When our neonatal unit opened in 1984 our formula feeding policy for moderately preterm babies was for casein-predominant rather than "humanized" whey-predominant milk formulae to be given. However, an early cluster of cases of late persistent metabolic acidosis prompted an investigation into the acid-base status and weight gain in preterm infants. This study of 70 healthy, moderately preterm (32-35 weeks) Chinese babies has convincingly shown that a casein-predominant low protein formula is associated with significant metabolic acidosis, persisting sometimes for as long as 8 weeks, and poor weight gain when compared with infants fed on either a humanized or a special low-birthweight formula. This is an important message for the many neonatal units in developing countries where the cost of humanized formulae might initially seem prohibitive, encouraging instead casein-predominant formulae when breast milk is not available. Any additional expense incurred in using humanized formulae will be compensated for by the shortened time spent in hospital.
Oral tyramine pressor test and the safety of monoamine oxidase inhibitor drugs: comparison of brofaromine and tranylcypromine in healthy subjects.; The pressor effect of orally administered tyramine (TYR) has been evaluated in 124 tests of 49 healthy unmedicated volunteers, in 99 tests of 29 subjects treated with the reversible selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) A inhibitor brofaromine (BROF), and in 73 tests of 12 subjects treated with tranylcypromine (TCP). In unmedicated subjects, pressor doses of TYR to raise systolic blood pressure (BP) by 30 mm Hg (PD30) ranged between 200 and 800 mg of TYR. There was no correlation of PD30 with sex, age, or weight. In repeated tests, the intraindividual coefficient of variation of the PD30 (+/- SD) was 10 +/- 9%. During treatment for 8 to 16 days with the two MAO inhibitors (MAOIs) BROF and TCP, seven-fold and 56-fold increases of TYR pressor sensitivity were estimated. A significant correlation was found between the individual PD30 before and during MAO inhibition with BROF. Cheese with a pressor content equal to the PD30 of TYR raised the systolic BP in only three of 10 volunteers during BROF inconsistently by not more than 20 mm. Therefore, the probability of "cheese reactions" during treatment with this reversible MAOI seems to be small. For complete normalization of oral pressor responsiveness, delays of 8 and 30 days after the last doses of BROF and TCP, respectively, are needed. The total incidence of systolic BP elevations by more than 60 mm Hg was 13% in a total of 296 oral tests given to 49 subjects. This incidence of easily controllable hypertensive reactions is outweighed by the importance of the test as predictor of clinical risks for drugs with TYR potentiating effects.
Vitamin A-fortified monosodium glutamate and health, growth, and survival of children: a controlled field trial.; In a controlled trial, fortification of commercially marketed monosodium glutamate (MSG) with vitamin A improved serum vitamin A levels of young children and the vitamin A content of breast milk of lactating women. These improvements in vitamin A indices were accompanied by dramatic changes in health and anthropometric status. During the course of the study, the prevalence of Bitot's spots among children in program villages fell progressively from 1.2% at base line to 0.2% 11 mo after introduction of the fortified product (p less than 0.001); xerophthalmia rates in control villages remained essentially unchanged. Linear growth was greater among program than among control children at every age. Hemoglobin levels among program children rose by approximately 10 g, from 113 +/- 16 g/L at base line to 123 +/- 16 by 5 mo (p less than 0.001); they remained essentially unchanged among children of control villages. Preschool children in control villages died at 1.8 times the rate of children in program villages.
Effects of hormonal contraceptives on breast milk composition and infant growth. World Health Organization (WHO) Task Force on Oral Contraceptives.; Breast milk volume and composition and infant growth were measured at three- and four-week intervals, up to six months, in a multicenter randomized double-blind trial comparing a low-dose combined oral contraceptive (OC) with a progestogen-only OC. A nonrandom group using nonhormonal methods was also studied in the three centers: Szeged, Hungary; Bangkok, Thailand; and Khon Kaen, Thailand. A fourth group, users of depot-medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) was included in the two Thai centers. Altogether, 341 women were recruited into the study. Combined OCs caused a significant decrease in milk output and total energy content as well as widespread changes in milk constituents. In the DMPA group, no significant changes were observed in milk volume, and only minor shifts occurred in milk composition, which varied between centers. No differences were found between the progestogen-only pill and DMPA. No hormonal contraceptive was associated with any significant difference in infant weight or fat fold, nor in the rate of discontinuation for failure to gain weight. This study reiterates the need to avoid combined OCs during the first few weeks or months of lactation. Both norgestrel and DMPA appear to be safe for use in both developing and developed countries, at least when the nutritional status of the mother and infant are adequate, but further research is needed on the safety of these contraceptives in populations with malnutrition.
Plasma zinc, rate of weight gain, and the energy cost of tissue deposition in children recovering from severe malnutrition on a cow's milk or soya protein based diet.; Thirty-four malnourished children were rehabilitated on either a cow's milk or a soya protein based formula diet. The soya diet contained 25% less zinc than the cow's milk diet and 1.33 mmol/l phytic acid. When the marasmic children were given either of these diets they had a dramatic fall in their plasma zinc concentration. Children given the soya formula had an even more profound drop in plasma zinc, to levels associated with acrodermatitis enteropathica. Plasma zinc remained low throughout the phase of rapid weight gain, but rose when a mixed diet was given and the children ceased gaining weight. There was a negative correlation between the rate of weight gain and the plasma zinc concentration, the rate of new tissue synthesis being the predominant modulator of the plasma zinc concentration. The energy cost of tissue deposition was initially low on the cow's milk diet and relatively high on the soya diet. Later, the energy costs rose in the cow's milk fed children. The rate of weight gain was less on the soya diet; however, the appetite, as measured by the ad libitum dietary intakes, did not differ between the diets, or correlate with the plasma zinc concentration. This may be due to the relatively low protein content of the diets used. It is concluded that dietary zinc may limit the rate of weight gain during periods of recovery in body mass and may be a cause for the excessive deposition of adipose tissue.
Turnover of very low-density lipoprotein-apoprotein B is increased by substitution of soybean protein for meat and dairy protein in the diets of hypercholesterolemic men.; The effect of dietary protein source on the kinetics of plasma very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) (Sf 60 to 400) in hypercholesterolemic men was investigated. Using a crossover design, five subjects received sequentially either 1) a high polyunsaturated fat, low cholesterol control diet containing mixed protein from meat, dairy products, and plant sources or 2) an all-plant protein experimental diet in which the meat and dairy protein of the former diet was replaced by soybean protein and soy milk. There was no significant change in the mean values for fasting serum cholesterol and triglycerides over the 6-wk period of administration of the control versus experimental diets. The kinetics of VLDL (Sf 60 to 400) apolipoprotein B were studied at the end of each dietary period after reinjection of 125I-labeled autologous VLDL (Sf 60 to 400). The VLDL apolipoprotein B pool size was similar during the experimental and control protocols; however, the fractional catabolic rate was consistently higher during the experimental protocol (8.5 +/- 1.3 versus 6.5 +/- 1.2 day-1, p less than 0.01) and the production rate of apoprotein B was higher than control in four of five subjects (mean values 18.6 +/- 3 versus 12.6 +/- 1 mg/day/kg, respectively). Administration of an all-plant protein diet significantly increased the fractional turnover rate of VLDL apolipoprotein B, even when no changes in VLDL ago B pool size or VLDL lipid concentrations were observed.
Storage of medium-chain triglycerides in adipose tissue of orally fed infants.; The effect of the fatty acid content of the diet on that of adipose tissue was studied in 5 newborn infants studied prior to feeding and 30 infants fed ad libitum from birth with either human milk or a commercial formula as the sole nutrient. Significant positive linear correlations of dietary intake on adipose tissue content of fatty acids were found for both long- and medium-chain fatty acids (MCFA). Infants stored up to 12% of MCFAs in their subcutaneous fat. The technique of direct transesterification improved the recovery of the volatile MCFAs and could explain the finding that medium-chain triglyceride storage in adipose tissue is more extensive than in previous reports. This study documents that MCFAs are not used solely as a source of energy: they can be reesterified or serve for chain elongation, before being deposited in fat stores.
Growth and adiposity of term infants fed whey-predominant or casein-predominant formulas or human milk.; Growth, estimated composition of weight gained, and stool patterns of term infants who were fed either a whey-predominant formula or a casein-predominant formula in a random design and of breast-fed infants were compared. All infants (N = 111) were healthy, singleton products of uncomplicated pregnancies. Birth weights and other anthropometric measures in the first few days of life were not different among the three feeding groups. Formula or breast milk was the infants' principal source of energy from birth to age 16 weeks. Average energy intakes of formula-fed infants and change of intakes with age were similar in both groups at all ages. Feeding groups were not significantly different at any age in weight, length, weight or length gain, head circumference, skinfold measurements, upper arm fat area and muscle area, or estimated total body fat. Stools of infants on the whey-predominant formula differed from both the breast-fed and casein-predominant formula groups.
Glucose and insulin responses to meals containing milk, lactose, glucose or fructose in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; The postprandial blood glucose and serum insulin responses to liquid test meals containing 40 g carbohydrate from milk, lactose, glucose or fructose and equal amounts of energy were compared in 10 non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetic patients. The meals were consumed in random order on consecutive days after an overnight fast. Significant differences (p less than 0.001, ANOVA) were observed between the glucose and insulin responses to the meals. The glucose response was significantly higher after the glucose containing meal and lower after the fructose meal as compared with the other meals. The insulin response was significantly higher after the lactose and glucose meals than after the milk and fructose meals. After the milk and lactose meals the blood glucose responses were similar whereas the insulin response was significantly lower after the milk meal. As lactose apparently was similarly absorbed from the two meals the difference in the insulin response was probably due to different insulinogenic effects of the protein components or to differences in the physical properties of the respective meals.
Effect of dietary fats and carbohydrate on blood pressure of mildly hypertensive patients.; The effect on blood pressure (BP) of replacing dietary saturated fat with either polyunsaturated fat (linoleic acid) or carbohydrate was studied in 21 untreated mildly hypertensive patients. In a randomized, double-blind, crossover protocol, all subjects received dietary supplements of cream, safflower oil, and carbohydrate in random sequence, each prepared in flavored yogurt or milk. Each supplement was administered for 6 weeks and followed by a 4-week washout period of no supplementation. Dietary linoleic acid increased from 4.6 to 13% of energy intake when the safflower oil replaced cream, while saturated fat decreased from 16 to 10%. Total fat intake was 37 to 38% during the cream and safflower oil periods but was 28% during the carbohydrate period. Compliance with the diets was demonstrated by significant changes in fasting plasma fatty acid measurements. Mean clinic BP was 135 +/- 9/93 +/- 6 mm Hg at baseline. There were no significant differences in BP measured in the clinic or at home among the three dietary periods. The protocol had more than 80% power to detect a mean effect of diet of 3 mm Hg systolic or 2 mm Hg diastolic BP. Therefore, replacing dietary saturated fat with carbohydrate or with linoleic acid does not affect BP in subjects with mild hypertension.
Regional fat loss from the thigh in obese women after adrenergic modulation.; Beta-adrenergic stimulation and alpha 2-adrenergic inhibition increase lipolysis from fat cells. Twenty-eight obese women were placed on a calorie-restricted diet and one of five treatments was applied to one thigh three to five times per week for four weeks: (1) isoproterenol injections; (2) cream containing colforsin (forskolin), aminophylline, and yohimbine; (3) yohimbine cream; (4) colforsin cream; or (5) aminophylline cream. The opposite thigh was treated with a placebo (injection or cream). The treated thighs lost significantly more girth after treatment, both by injection and by cream. No adverse reactions were attributable to either the cream or the injections. It is concluded that local fat reduction from the thigh can be safely accomplished.
Prophylactic topical 5-fluorouracil following treatment of human papillomavirus-associated lesions of the vulva and vagina.; Ninety patients were studied in a controlled, randomized fashion to evaluate the effectiveness of topical 5-fluorouracil in reducing the recurrence rate of human papillomavirus-associated lesions of the vulva and vagina. Following complete ablation of the lesions by one or more treatment modalities, 45 patients applied a single dose of 5% 5-fluorouracil cream biweekly to the vagina and/or vulva for at least six months. Forty-five patients used no prophylactic 5-fluorouracil cream. Patients in both groups were comparable with regard to race, age, and immune status, as well as the number, location, duration, clinical appearance, histology, and prior treatment of the lesions. Six patients (13%) with 5-fluorouracil prophylaxis and 17 (38%) without additional treatment (P less than .01) developed recurrent lesions during a follow-up time of nine to 22 months (mean = 14.4 months). Maintenance therapy with 5-fluorouracil was most effective in women with multiple lesions, multiple organ involvement, or with a depressed immune system.
Comparison of plasma glucose, serum insulin, and C-peptide responses to three isocaloric breakfasts in non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects.; While differences in glucose and insulin responses to specific carbohydrate foods have been reported, few data are available for mixed meals incorporating such foods. This study compared the plasma glucose (PG), serum insulin (SI), and C-peptide (CP) responses to three different isocaloric test breakfasts given in random order to eight insulin-treated non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. The test meals were selected from a hospital food exchange list and contained similar quantities of carbohydrate, protein, fat, and dietary fiber. The postprandial PG, SI, and CP responses to two of the test breakfasts (meal A: eggs, toasted wholemeal bread, orange juice, margarine, and milk; meal B: wheatflake biscuits, toasted wholemeal bread, milk, and margarine) were similar (meal A: 104.3 +/- 23.0 mg X h X dl-1, 5996 +/- 1108 microU X min X ml-1, and 89.8 +/- 25.4 pmol X min X ml-1, respectively; meal B: 104.9 +/- 21.6 mg X h X dl-1, 6268 +/- 1161 microU X min X ml-1, and 99.8 +/- 26.4 pmol X min X ml-1, respectively). Meal C, consisting of toasted muesli and skim milk, produced smaller glycemic and insulin responses (46.8 +/- 8.8 mg X h X dl-1; P less than .02, and 4369 +/- 700 microU X min X ml-1; P less than .05, respectively) than meals A and B and less endogenous insulin secretion (CP response 62.8 +/- 19.9 pmol X min X ml-1; P less than .05 compared with meal A, NS compared with meal B). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Failure of lactose-restricted diets to prevent radiation-induced diarrhea in patients undergoing whole pelvis irradiation.; Sixty-four patients were randomized prior to pelvic radiotherapy into one of three dietary groups: the control group maintained a regular diet except that they drank at least 480 cc of milk daily; the lactose-restricted group was placed on a lactose-restricted diet; and the lactase group drank at least 480 cc of milk with lactase enzyme added to hydrolyze 90% of the lactose. The patients kept records of their stool frequency and the number of diphenoxylate tablets required to control their diarrhea during a 5 week course of standard whole pelvis irradiation. The data does not support the concept that one of the mechanisms of radiation-induced diarrhea associated with pelvic irradiation is a reduction the ability of the intestine to hydrolyze ingested lactose due to the effect of the radiation on the small intestine. There was not a significant difference in stool frequency or diphenoxylate usage among the dietary groups.
A clinicopathologic study of primary adenoid cystic carcinoma of the lacrimal gland.; A retrospective study of 26 patients with the diagnosis of primary adenoid cystic carcinoma of the lacrimal gland was performed with use of randomly selected tissue from each tumor. An attempt was made to determine any associations among clinical presentation, survival, and tumor histologic patterns. We found that lower tumor grades were associated with a predominantly Swiss-cheese (cribriform) pattern. Both lower tumor grade and Swiss-cheese pattern were associated with longer survival. The basaloid (solid) pattern or bone invasion was not associated with a shorter survival. Between men and women, there were no differences in clinical presentation, histologic patterns, or survival. Survival was not affected by surgical or radiation therapy.
[Reduction of body weight on diets with high butter or margarine content. II. Effect on blood lipid levels].; The effect of a fat-modified reduction diet with predominantly butter (diet T) respectively margarine (diet P) on the lipid metabolism was studied. The study was carried out on 30 subjects over two periods each lasting 21 days. An improvement of serum cholesterol and -triglycerides, LDL- and VLDL-cholesterol was found regardless of the diet. The proportion of HDL in serum cholesterol increased, the atherogenic index was improved.
Sucrose taken during mixed meal has no additional hyperglycaemic action over isocaloric amounts of starch in well-controlled diabetics.; The hyperglycaemic effect of 20 g sucrose taken at the end of a regular mixed meal by diabetic patients was measured in six adult type 1 diabetics, C-peptide negative, controlled by the artificial pancreas, and twelve adult type 2 diabetics, with fasting plasma glucose levels below 7.2 mmol/l (130 mg/100 ml) and post-prandial plasma glucose levels below 10.0 mmol/l (180 mg/100 ml), treated by diet alone or with glibenclamide and/or metformin. All the patients were given on consecutive days, in random order, two mixed meals of grilled meat, green beans, and cheese, as well as a cake made either of rice, skimmed milk, and saccharine (meal A) or rice, skimmed milk, and 20 g sucrose (meal B). The meals contained equal amounts of calories and of carbohydrate. There was no difference between the meals in plasma glucose curves and plasma insulin or insulin infusion rate variations whether in peak values, peaking times, or areas under the curves, in either group of patients. Sparing use of sucrose taken during mixed meals might help well-controlled diabetic patients to comply with their daily dietary prescription while maintaining good blood glucose control.
Propranolol in pregnancy three year prospective study.; We compared propranolol with methyldopa in a randomized prospective study of 28 women with pregnancy associated hypertension. Both drugs were equally effective in controlling maternal hypertension. There was no significant difference in the birthweights of the babies in each group. However one infant born to a mother receiving propranolol had symptomatic hypoglycaemia. The mean peak levels of propranolol, propranolol glucuronide, 4-hydroxypropranolol, and 4-hydroxypropranolol glucuronide were not significantly different in the first, second, third trimesters and at least 3 months post partum. The mean peak plasma level of naphthoxylactic acid however was significantly less in the third trimester compared with post partum levels. Propranolol and its metabolites were found to cross into breast milk with the maximum dose likely to be ingested by the infant as either propranolol or propranolol glucuronide being 7 micrograms of propranolol per 100 g of breast milk, being approximately 0.1% of the maternal dose.
The effect of fermented and unfermented milks on serum cholesterol.; Groups of 10 to 13 healthy volunteers were provided with 11 supplements of 2% butterfat milk (2% milk), whole milk, skim milk, yogurt, buttermilk, and sweet acidophilus milk daily for a 3-wk period. Despite increases in caloric intakes on all supplements, no significant increases were found in total, low-density, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. A significant weight gain was seen in subjects taking yogurt and acidophilus groups; these were the only two groups showing significant rises in triglyceride levels. These results in normal volunteers focus attention on the current practice of recommending only skim or 2% milk for hyperlipidemic individuals.
Nutrition education in supermarkets: an unsuccessful attempt to influence knowledge and product sales.; Although much evidence links dietary patterns with coronary heart disease, effective and economical methods for inducing dietary change in nonclinical populations are needed to influence public health. This study was designed as a preliminary investigation of the feasibility of conducting effective nutrition education campaigns in supermarket settings. Eight supermarkets from a supermarket chain in the Twin Cities area participated. Four were assigned to an experimental condition in which educational materials consisting of posters, recipes, and brochures were placed in the dairy section during a 6-month period. Four other stores were assigned to a control condition and received no educational materials. Shoppers in experimental and control stores completed a nutrition survey pre- and post-intervention. In addition, sales data for 25 dairy products were collected during a 10-month period. A significant increase in knowledge on the nutrition survey between pre- and posttests occurred among shoppers in all stores. There was no significant knowledge or product sales effect due to the education campaign. Study results suggest that, overall, shopper knowledge of food selections for cardiovascular disease risk reduction is high and improving. Unfortunately, knowledge is often not reflected in food purchase patterns.
The influence of topical steroid application on tuberculin skin reactions in healthy persons.; Thirty-seven healthy persons were studied in order to evaluate the influence of topical steroid application on tuberculin skin reactions. Four areas measuring 4 cm in diameter were each treated with 50 micrograms of hydrocortisone cream 1%, or 50% micrograms of halcinonide (Halog) cream 0.1%, or 50 micrograms of unguentum cetacei simplex (cold cream), or not treated. The creams were applied once daily for 3 days before and one day after a tuberculin skin test. After 24 and 48 hours the area of induration were measured. We observed that application of unguentum cetacei simplex increased the size of the induration at the 24-hour reading, but not after 48 hours. Hydrocortisone cream 1% gave the same effect, whereas halcinonide cream (Halog) 0.1% caused ischaemia of the skin and reduced the induration of the skin test after 24 hours, but not after 48 hours. In 12 persons we found that simple rubbing of the skin with halcinonide cream base did not affect the size of the tuberculin skin reaction. In the present study we found that even very potent local steroid application on intact skin could only delay the development of tuberculin skin reactions, but could not diminish their size.
The effect of skim milk, yoghurt, and full cream milk on human serum lipids.; The hypothesis that certain milk products contain a cholesterol-lowering "milk factor" was tested in adolescent schoolboys whose diets were complemented with 2 L of skim milk, yoghurt, or full cream milk daily for 3 wk. After a fall in all serum lipids during the precomplementation wk, serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol continued to fall on skim milk; in contrast, it rose for the first 2 wk on yoghurt or full cream milk. These changes correlated with dietary fat and cholesterol intakes. Total cholesterol returned to base-line values during the 3rd wk on yoghurt or full cream milk. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol and percentage high-density lipoprotein/total cholesterol rose transiently in all three groups, with the highest levels being recorded on full cream milk. Serum triglycerides tended to decrease in all groups. No convincing evidence of a milk factor could be found, but skim milk appeared to have a cholesterol-lowering effect at least partly due to its low lipid content.
New possibilities to influence blood lipids and atherosclerosis-proneness with semi-synthetic fats.; Notwithstanding the universally accepted concept that atherosclerosis is a multifactorial disease, our research since thirty years convinced us of the validity of the fat diet theory in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. Experiments with semi-synthetic fats enable us to stress the importance of quantitatively and qualitatively modified fat diets, not only in their fatty acid composition, but also in the specific triglyceride structure. Experiences comparing randomized butterfat with natural butterfat and administration of polyunsaturated fatty acid rich fats with monoglycerides, led to comprehensive explanations about the mechanism of monoglyceride assimilation and about the beneficial effect of randomized butterfat in long term experiments.
Is the failure of (-)deprenyl, a selective monoamine oxidase B inhibitor, to alleviate depression related to freedom from the cheese effect?.; The selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) B inhibitor (-)deprenyl failed to produce any greater benefit than placebo in a limited double-blind trial conducted in depressive patients. Its relative freedom from the so-called cheese effect was confirmed, however, in drug-treated patients challenged IV with tyramine. There is evidence to suggest that this cheese effect, a facilitated tyramine-induced hypertensive response, is pharmacologically distinct from MAO inhibition proper. Thus, it is conceivable that its central counterpart, an enhanced noradrenaline release due to the access of traces of tyramine to the CNS, is a prerequisite for any therapeutic benefit obtainable with the MAO-inhibitory drugs in general.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of substituting soybean protein for animal protein in the diet of healthy young women.; The effect of dietary protein on the level of plasma cholesterol in young, healthy, normolipidemic women was investigated in two separate studies by feeding either a conventional diet containing mixed protein, or a plant protein diet in which the animal protein of the first diet was replaced by soy protein meat analogues and soy milk. The diets were similar with respect to carbohydrate, fat and sterol composition. The first study, lasting 73 days and involving six subjects, gave an indication that plasma cholesterol levels were lower on the plant protein diet. The second study, which incorporated a number of improvements based on experience, lasted 78 days and used a cross-over design involving two groups of five subjects each. In this study, the mean plasma cholesterol level was found to be significantly lower on the plant protein diet.
Cerium nitrate-silver sulfadiazine cream in the treatment of burns: a prospective, randomized study.; In a prospective, randomized study of 34 patients with thermal burns, treatment with the topical agent Cerium nitrate-silver sulfadiazine was compared with therapy with silver sulfadiazine alone. Despite randomization, there was a significant difference in mean burn size, being larger in the silver sulfadiazine group. There was no significant difference between the two groups in clinical course, mortality, septic deaths, or quantitative microbiology of the burn wound. It is concluded that from these preliminary data no clearcut superiority for one cream over the other can be demonstrated at this time.
Effectiveness of topical steroids in the control of radiation dermatitis: a randomised trial using 1% hydrocortisone cream and 0.05% clobetasone butyrate (Eumovate).; Radiation dermatitis often presents as a problem for patients and radiotherapists during treatment. Topical corticosteroids have been shown to have an anti-inflammatory effect in the treatment of many skin diseases and are commonly prescribed during a course of radiation treatment. A comparison of two different steroid creams, 1% hydrocortisone cream and 0.05% clobetasone butyrate (Eumovate), in a double blind trial was carried out in 54 patients undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer. 'The cream' was administered when patients reached a given dose of 2000 rad (or earlier if required) whether a skin reaction was present or not. The aim of the trial was to evaluate the general effectiveness of steroids in controlling radiation dermatitis and whether one type of cream was superior to the other. The majority of patients using either cream derived benefit in its soothing effect. There was, however, a significant difference in the intensity of reactions seen, patients using clobetasone butyrate developed more severe radiation reactions despite both groups having similar radiation doses. The possibility of two differing populations having different responses to radiation is discussed as is the 'breakthrough phenomenon' described in the literature. It is concluded that neither cream should be used as first choice in the control of radiation dermatitis.
Lactation and pregnancy in Iran. I. Social and economic aspects.; Adequacy of lactation was assessed in Teheran women of low (LSE) and lower-middle (MSE) socioeconomic status in the third month postpartum, as part of a study linking nutrition, hormonal status, and lactation. Methods of assessment of nutritional adequacy are discussed. Characteristics of the socioeconomic groups, infant mortality, food beliefs related to lactation, and supplemental feeding practices are described. Of the LSE mothers 15 to 30% and of the MSE mothers 40 to 55% had a fully adequate milk supply in the third month. Substitutes used and affordable by the LSE were nutritionally inadequate. LSE mothers were traditional in their food beliefs. MSE mothers demonstrate the influence of scientific nutrition knowledge. The low percentage of lactation adequacy even in the MSE indicates that other social or health factors associated with urban living conditions may be just as important as economic and nutritional factors in lactation failure.
The effect of a fish diet on serum lipids in healthy human subjects.; A cross-over study was done with 19 male and 23 female volunteers living in a monastery and a convent, respectively. The effect of a fat gish (mackerel) diet on the blood serum lipid composition was studied. As the normal diet of these volunteers was of the lacto-ovo-vegetarian type, a control diet in which the fish was replaced by full-fat cheese was used. Subjects consuming the fish diet had a daily uptake of polyunsaturated acids of the omega3 family of about 8 g; comparable amounts of linoleic acid were ingested with both diets. Both diets were consumed for a period of 3 weeks. Serum cholesterol was slightly but significantly (7.5%) lower and serum triglycerides considerably lower (35%) on the fish diet, whereas high density lipoprotein cholesterol increased slightly. Lipoprotein analysis showed a strong very low density lipoprotein decrease by the fish diet while, in the men, both low and high density lipoproteins increased. The fatty acid composition of serum lipids showed considerable differences; C20:5omega3 increased in all fractions and C22:6omega3 was found in the triglycerides and the phospholipids, but not in the sterol esters. These increases occurred chiefly at the expense of C18:1omega9 and, in particular, C18:2omega6, which indicates a replacement of omega6 by omega3 acids. Long-chain monoenoic acids which are abundant in the mackerel were not detected in any serum lipid fraction.
Dietary factors and esophageal cancer in the Caspian Littoral of Iran.; A study was undertaken to attempt to relate the distribution of exogenous factors to the varying incidences of esophageal cancer in the Caspian Littoral of Iran. For the study, 38 villages were chosen by random sampling in 14 regions defined by their esophageal cancer incidence and environmental characteristics. Information was obtained on the dietary, social, and cultural features of each village. In addition, an extensive 5-day study of 6 randomly selected households in each of the 38 villages was conducted. The study consisted of measured dietary intake, a historical food consumption questionnaire, and clinical examinations of adult occupants. Preliminary results show no single factor responsible for the etiology of esophageal cancer. However, there were some major dietary differences between the regions of different esophageal cancer risk. Bread was the chief staple food in high-incidence areas; rice, in low-incidence areas. In high-incidence areas, there was a low intake of vitamins A and C, riboflavin, animal protein, and fresh vegetables and fruit, but a greater consumption of sheeps and goat's milk. Analyses of food samples for aflatoxins, polycylic aromatic hydrocarbons, and nitrosamines showed low levels of these carcinogens in areas of high and low incidences. The use of tobacco and alcohol was not found to be of significance.
Plasma lipid changes in young adult couples consuming polyunsaturated meats and dairy products.; Twenty-five young couples consumed either a saturated or polyunsaturated fat diet for a 20-week period. The polyunsaturated beef, lamb and dairy products, high in linoleic acid, were produced by feeding ruminant animals "protected lipid" feeds which prevent hydrogenation of fats in the rumen. The experimental design provided for four dietary groups: A) saturated diet for 20 weeks; B) polyunsaturated diet for 20 weeks; C) saturated diet for 10 weeks then polyunsaturated diet for 10 weeks; and D) polyunsaturated for 10 weeks then saturated diet for 10 weeks. Polyunsaturated-to-saturated ratios (linoleic: total saturated fatty acids) for the diets were: prestudy, 0.43-0.56; saturated 0.11-0.14; polyunsaturated, 0.56-0.62. Factors other than diet that appeared to affect cholesterol responses were carefully considered. During the initial 3 weeks (regimentation period) plasma cholesterol concentration decreased in all groups irrespective of diet. This was followed by two experimental periods in which the effects of the prescribed diets were readily apparent (response periods I and II). The final 4 weeks of the study were characterized by diminishing compliance with the dietary discipline (abatement period). Subjects in each group (A,B,C,D) were subdivided into high and low on a basis of each group's initial median cholesterol level. Those in the high subgroups were very responsive to dietary changes whereas those in the low subgroups were not. Combined responses of high subjects were: polyunsaturated diet, -10.7 mg/dl (P less than 0.025), saturated diet, d8 mg/dl (P less than 0.05). Combined difference between saturated and polyunsaturated diets was 18.5 mg/dl or approximately a 10% cholesterol difference between the experimental polyunsaturated and saturated diets.
Effect of the essential oils of garlic and onion on alimentary hyperlipemia.; SUMMARY: The effect of garlic and onion on alimentary hyperlipemia, induced by feeding 100 g butter, has been studied in 10 healthy subjects. The freshly extracted juice of 50 g of garlic or onion, as well as an equivalent amount of their ether-extracted essential oils, was administered randomly on four different days during a one-week period. Garlic and onion have a significant protective action against fat-induced increases in serum cholesterol and plasma fibrinogen and decreases in coagulation time and fibrinolytic activity. The essential oil fraction, which contains all the taste and odour, exactly duplicated the beneficial effects of whole garlic and onion. It is, therefore, concluded that the active principle of garlic and onion is the essential oil, which chemically is a combination of sulphur-containing compounds, mainly allyl propyl disulphide and diallyl disulphide.
"Added lactose" and "added sucrose" cow's milk formulae in nutrition of low birthweight babies.; During the manufacture of dried milks for infant feeding the composition of cow's milk may be modified by the addition of extra carbohydrate powder to lower the relative proportions of protein and minerals, and in practice various carbohydrates are used in a largely empirical manner. In other circumstances it is known that the quality of dietary carbohydrate affects intestinal tolerance, deposition of body fat (in rats), and concentrations of plasma lipids (in man). Therefore, in this study the effects of feeding newborn infants on added lactose formula and added sucrose formula have been investigated. 29 low birthweight babies were observed throughout the first 3 months of life. The added carbohydrate achieved a satisfactory composition in terms of mineral and protein concentration of the reconstituted milk, but the "added lactose" group experienced more diarrhoea and a greater degree of metabolic acidosis during the first week of life. The added lactose group was slightly fatter and the plasma triglyceride concentration slightly higher than in the "added sucrose" group. Despite teleological evidence in favour of lactose, we found no objective contraindication to the addition of sucrose to cow's milk in the manufacture of infant feeding formulae. Both milks contained only small quantities of linoleic acid and the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of the plasma and adipose tissue lipids fell to low levels, but no clinical evidence of "essential fatty acid deficiency" was found.
Plasma lipids and lipoproteins in vegetarians and controls.; The possible effect of diet on plasma lipids was investigated in a group of vegetarians. Seventy-three men and 43 women who had adhered to a vegetarian diet for an average of three years were studied in the fasting state and compared with a randomly selected group of controls matched for age and sex. Mean cholesterol levels in milligrams per deciliter for vegetarians and controls, respectively, were 126 and 184; low-density lipoprotein, 73 and 118; very-low-density lipoprotein, 11.8 and 17.2; high-density lipoproteins, 42 and 49; and mean triglyceride levels 59 and 86. Mean weight and subscapular skinfold thicknesses were 58 kg and 6 mm for vegetarians and 73 kg and 17 mm for controls. Similar differences in lipid levels were found between subgroups of 42 vegetarians and controls with identical mean weights. Multiple regression analyses showed that consumption of dairy foods and eggs, but not body weight, was associated with the lipoprotein and cholesterol findings.
